Israeli Prime Minister Benin Neto vowed
his military will carry out a powerful
operation in Rafa after civilians are
allowed to leave and according to Israel
Hamas have not sent new proposals for a
ceasefire after net rejected their
initial demands e has
more Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu valed Wednesday that the
Israeli forces would carry out a
powerful operation in Rafa that the many
gazans who have sought refuge in the
southern Gaza City are allowed to leave
in His official telegram account the
Israeli leaders said that his country
will continue to fight until complete
Victory adding that it will happen after
the civilian population leaves the
battle zones in Rafa in a separate video
message Netanyahu said that the only way
to get back the Israeli hostages would
be through a combination of strong
military pressure and firm negotiations
just as in the case of the 112
previously freed
hostages meanwhile the prime minister's
office said Wednesday that no new
proposals from Hamas for a ceasefire and
hosage release deal were given the
office added that the Prime Minister
insists that Israel will not yield to
hamas's outrageous demands and that a
change in hamas's positions will allow
progress in
negotiations Reports say the Palestinian
militant group is demanding an end to
the war in exchange for the release of
hostages while Israel agrees only to a
Time limited
ceasefire Turkish president r t erdogan
and his Egyptian counterpart abdal fat
alisi met in Cairo on Wednesday among
some of the issues brought up in their
talks was the ongoing conflict between
Israel and Hamas with the Turkish
leaders saying the Palestinians were at
the top of the agenda and that it was
their priority to establish a ceasefire
as soon as possible both leaders slammed
Israel's conduct in the war in the Gaza
Strip and called for a ceasefire
erdogan who's on his first visit to
Cairo in over 10 years Ved to work with
Egypt for the recovery and
reconstruction of Gaza in the medium
term ejang news