[Music]
[Applause]
a sign for every
hostage more than a week after Hamas
struck Israel with Terror killing and
kidnapping civilians people have come
together here in Tel
Aviv some are blaming the government
others came in solidarity with victim's
families May asra belongs to one of them
the 24-year-old is missing six of her
own family
members is
the at around 10:30 a.m. terrorists
entered their home dozens of them armed
with knives waving the knives at them
and shouting I spoke with theone at the
last minute and she sent me a recording
my there are terrorists here we are
alone they're
shouting the Cuts as her aunt she was
taken together with her small daughters
Aviv and Ras they were visiting family
in N Ro a kabut close to Gaza rid Kats
the uncle is missing too as is his
elderly mother ifat and her husband God
Moshe
Moses I'm here because my family has no
voice right now they're dead or
kidnapped I'm here to be their voice I
expect from the world the maximum amount
of
intervention she learned what happened
through a Hamas Tik Tok video ma tells
us her aunt's phone was later located in
Gaza the situation is desperate myant is
a German citizen but in her situation
that doesn't
help it wasn't just Israelis that Hamas
killed and kidnapped 43 different
nationalities were represented among
among their
hostages as many as 150 people have been
abducted and our belief to still being
held hostage in Gaza their families
don't know where they are how they are
doing and if they're even still
alive people in Israel are united in the
conviction that there needs to be a
response but what exactly this should
look like at least at this protest isn't
clear the Israeli government must Focus
first of all on doing whatever is
necessary in order to release the
hijacked people instead of focusing on
trying to do some kind of Revenge or
whatever they are trying to do I think
the only option we have now
unfortunately it's to
clear Gaza so many people in Israel
understand that this Blood circle is not
the solution it never was it never will
be at this point though the Bloodshed
seems like it is far from
[Music]
[Applause]
over