Israeli ground operations are expanding
in Gaza including the rescue of a
soldier taken hostage by Hamas now with
Israel launching what they call their
second stage of the war prime minister
Benjamin Nano says that a ceasefire
would be the same as surrendering to
Hamas e Des to
off an Israeli soldier who was kidnapped
by Hamas during the October 7th attack
has been rescued as the Israeli Defense
Forces Special Forces and the shimad
intelligence agency conducted a ground
operation in Gaza on Sunday night
private Yuri Meades is the first Soldier
rescued by Israel since more than 200
people including dozens of Israeli
soldiers were taken by Hamas megad dis
was a member of a unit of female
soldiers in charge of monitoring the
Gaza border via surveillance cameras the
Israeli military says she's in good
health and has met with her family
despite the International Community
calling for a humanitarian ceasefire in
the Gaza Strip Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu says Israel will not
agree to a ceasefire as it would be
equivalent to surrendering to Hamas and
terrorism during a press conference on
Monday the prime minister went on to
condemn Hamas for trying to destroy the
promise of Israel's future he added that
just as the United States would not
agree to a ceasefire after the bombing
of Pearl Harbor or the September 11th
terrorist attack Israel will continue to
fight meanwhile the Israeli milit
announced on Monday that it had sent
additional troops to the Gaza Strip as
it strengthened ground operations in the
Palestinian Enclave in a statement
released by the military it said that
additional troops were deployed as it
looks to achieve its War goals in
addition the military announced that the
head of the IDF Southern command Major
General yaren finlan went into the Gaza
Strip to assess the ground combat
situation EJ adang news