now as the Israel Hamas War continues
Israel has relentlessly bombed the Gaza
Strip and at least 7,000 Palestinians
have been killed in air strikes these
are of course figures released by Hamas
Palestinian Health Ministry says that
most of them are women and children and
as the barrage of attacks by the IDF
continues there is another catastrophe
unfolding on the ground a Health crisis
is unfolding in Gaza and it is happening
as we speak as air strikes continue 1.4
million people in Gaza have fled their
homes to seek temporary shelters now
doctors in Gaza say that several
patients who are visiting the hospitals
are exhibiting signs and symptoms of
disease the medical experts have pointed
out to overcrowding and poor sanitation
as the key factors which is strling
which are triggering the spread of these
diseases
for days now International Aid and
humanitarian agencies have repeatedly
issued warnings of an impending Health
crisis in Gaza over a million displaced
Palestinians only have a few temporary
shelters to seek refuge in with spaces
getting crowded and cramped up civilians
are now reporting of medical issues such
as stomach and lung infections and
rashes as well but this is where the
problem was since here what days Israel
did not allow for a humanitarian passage
to Gaza and neighboring Nations such as
Jordan and Egypt have also refused from
taking any kind of refugees from from
Gaza which of course leaves no no area
for them to go this after cutting off
access to all essential supplies like
food water medicines and electricity
when Aid was finally allowed to be
delivered to Gaza on 21st of October the
quantity of supplies is merely a drop in
the ocean Gaza is only twice the size of
Washington DC after Israel's military
action in the region a substantial part
of the strip has been flattened acres
are covered with debris and for those
who live to survive another day in these
uncertain and volatile times battling
widespread diseases is yet another
challenge that the region has to Grapple
with
[Music]
now