in Gaza the inability to provide
Essentials like clothing for one's own
children is a heartbreaking reality
faced by nearly every member of the 2.3
million population as Ramadan brought a
sense of helplessness the spirit of Eid
Remains
overshadowed the Eid atmosphere in Gaza
is profoundly challenging amidst ongoing
aggression clothes are scarce and
exorbitantly priced and Trad home
rituals and sweets are in short supply
we fly hope that the next Eid will Usher
in better conditions than these Anna
talks about previous Eid celebrations
when they ran a successful Factory
producing 300 varieties of sweets
however the situation has drastically
changed Happy New Year to the Arab and
Islamic Nations however in Gaza we are
far from Happy our current Sals of goods
amount to Mere 1% of what we typically
experience during past holidays both in
terms of prices quantity and variety our
Spirits are low and we yearn for the joy
that other nations
experience Aid once marked by jous
Traditions is now shadowed by the impact
of war and displacement affecting over
1.9 million people predominantly in this
city robbing even children of
Happiness there is no sense of holiday's
period or festivity the world looks on
as we continue to face face displacement
and hardship are they content with our
plight the constant fear trages and the
Lumin presence of Israel weigh heavily
on us we are afraid of everyone and our
life is so
difficult after 6 months of War
Palestinians in Gaza remain trapped in a
cycle of suffering death displacement
and starvation while International
mediation to implement a ceasefire seem
to be going nowhere despite feeling
abandoned they say there's still hope
for a normal life a chance to Simply
Live While brings Joy across the Muslim
World gaza's narrative is marred by
conflict and loss shadowing the joyous
occasion despite this the children of
Gaza embody resilience their eyes
shining with the promise of a peaceful
future n World Rafa Southern
Gaza
[Music]