[Music]
nice Kesem is a Palestinian legal
adviser and he joins us from Amman
doctor good to have you on the program
when we look at the territory that
Israel has taken away from Palestine and
this latest move to the next part of the
occupied West Bank next month it is
considered illegal under international
law yet that does not stop Netanyahu so
does international law mean nothing that
is true
unfortunately because international law
has not been observed it has been
violated with the full support of the
United States government which stops any
move to rectify the situation and comply
with international law so there is a
real assault on international law by
super powers like the United States
government and that's why the
Palestinians could not regain their
rights so what legal recourse is there
then the legal recourse until now has
been neutralized because of their
situation the United States it through
its weight political military economic
behind the aggression of the Israelis in
their occupation to the Palestinian
right land and therefore the
Palestinians has to devise methods and
ways which are helped help their cause
in recouping their investment or their
rights and this might take a long time
because the United States is really
without any reservation is throwing its
weight behind the aggression yes
certainly how is this de Knox a day
anniversary being observed especially as
peace efforts have suffered setbacks in
particular after the US
residence plan the so called deal of the
century that further reduces Palestinian
rights this is this is really a
culmination of the Israeli you as
assault on the Palestinian rights it's a
it is really the crown of the aggression
that was committed by Israel with the
full support of the US in 1967 the
declassified documents now of the US UK
you and Russia and trans all of these
declassified documents approve and
established beyond any doubt that there
was a collaboration between the u.s. and
Israeli government to do the attack and
to unseat Gamal Abdel Nasser because at
that time they thought or they
fabricated that Nasser was a planning to
attack Israel and those declassified
documents approved now otherwise and
they knew it at the time okay we're
gonna leave it there dr. Enys Kasim
thank you so much
[Music]