>> And the thought of him and
what a lot of the field the
summit is. The little
production was emotional for
the president. Almost an adult
can get them that it's like
that for sure that the to see
the funnel vision that is
slated to multiple 11. I'm
going to see out of that is
live at the top of the and also
the message out to be an
effort. A lot of stuff that
that the was said that you saw
the last edition ahead and look
at the end of the year was us
have a sheet how to make the
most of them? I don't think the
wet and it's labatt. How is it
that you just love thought in
my head and was the motion for,
you know what I'm not going to
do and when it comes to Scott,
I would is the son of was that
none of them have. It is live
at the Kennedy is live at the
idea what it's like that at the
Jenin for top of that and tell
you that they have that that
that it impose it looks like it
has of that has caught the
moment that we don't give them
any yet. It has. That is the
cool that can. And as it should
be that the business and we
when I say I look says he and
one of them identical be and
it's going to be held at about
a foot if one and hey, a net
and a lot of them, there's a
lot of time. And yet I said
that you and I know that he and
I did talk about and I was like
the in and at these it is live
at the eye on it yet, what if
using fresh off. But I think
that that was a committed
there. What if it had I known
that these deaf or a when he's
at the I desk? Well, then add a
claim to demand home. And it is
the death of a hat that the
defendant fill a house. And by
then it will come on with the
issue of what it did in its
lady. And I would do not get
and the more than that is
legit. And it was talking to
measure felt the minute
candidates. Let's hope the law
was his own man has helped him
to lie. What I like about a man
had candidates like that for us
was like, that's what about the
West. Let's first slip when at
the data on that yet. And part
of what I did and it said