horrific scenes being played out in the
eastern part of the Gaza Strip towards
the North in the Shaya neighborhood
which you're going to be hearing a lot
about given the proportion that the
strikes have taken up their Relentless
shelling coming from uh Israel's
artillery tanks posted near the border
with Gaza also inside the Gaza Strip
remember that this is day three of
Israel's ground Invasion right now
Israeli soldiers or rather Israel's Army
has confirmed that it is indeed
expanding its operation without going
into the specifics of of what that means
but certainly just from the sheer noise
of the shelling it probably first of all
means that there's a lot more strikes
being conducted very little space very
little time in between strikes and a lot
of casualties obviously very many
residents of that Shaya neighborhood had
chosen to stay behind in last night they
were literally caught under a hail uh of
uh of uh projectiles missiles Israeli
missiles there were casualties lying in
the streets ambulances not even able to
go over there and pick up the bodies
given the intensity of the shelling uh
Palestinian ambulance workers also
saying that it was completely impossible
to coordinate either with the United
Nations the International Red Cross or
even with Israeli officials in order to
clear paths and secure roads to go pick
up the casualties and the bodies that uh
uh kept on uh being rolled in or wheeled
into uh gaza's already overwhelmed
hospitals at this point people are
taking advantage of daylight in order to
flee those neighborhoods at times
without being sure whether they'll be
able to make it out they literally some
of them are coming out uh in their
pajamas out of their houses and and
they're simply walking towards downtown
Gaza Without Really knowing where
they're going or where they're be able
to find a refuge and with very little to
no belongings at all so yes very very
desperate and quite horrific scenes