israel has vowed to take action to
tackle violence in the region after a
gunman went on a shooting rampage to
kill five people in the town of nebraska
the attack was the third deadly attack
in israel in the span of a week which
raised the total death toll to 11 people
across three cities
the defense minister benign said israel
will do whatever it takes to break the
wave of terrorism and that his country
is prepared to recruit reservists to
conduct any operational activity in the
region
is
police said that they arrested a
palestinian suspect and an 18 year old
israeli citizen on suspicion of
supporting the islamic state group
hundreds of monas attended the funeral
of the victims as tensions
remain in the region
united states president joe biden issued
a statement after a call with the
israeli prime minister nathalie bennett
promising support to the state of israel
palestinian president mahmoud abbas who
criticized the west for its double
standards when it comes to palestinians
issued a rare condemnation of the attack
saying the killing of israelis and
palestinians would only lead to the
worsening of the situation
meanwhile a huge rally was held in gaza
to mark 46 years of land day land day
marks the events of the 30th of march in
1976
when israeli troops shot and killed six
people who were protesting
land confiscations
our correspondent jody cohen has sent us
this report from nebrake take a look
[Music]
i'm at the scene of the shooting in
bernabrac and following a week of terror
attacks israel's prime minister has
called for licensed gun owner citizens
who want to assist to carry their gun
with them and defend against further
attacks and he reportedly called on the
palestinian authority to stop paying
salaries to terrorists who murder in the
meantime hundreds of ultra-orthodox jews
are attending the funeral on wednesday
of amir khoori the arab-israeli
policeman who lost his life during
tuesday's attack while saving countless
others the message is strength and unity
in the face of terror this is jody cohen
for we on world is one
[Music]
you