for more on this we are being joined by
John irra Senior policy director for the
center for arms control and
nonproliferation he's joining us live
from Washington DC John welcome back to
weon and thank you for uh coming Qatar
and the US say that they are closer than
ever to finding some kind of settlement
to free hostages held captive by Hamas
and Qatar notably says It's the final
stages the US doesn't directly deal with
Hamas so how do you see the US role from
here on
out the uh us role would be one of the
the sort of Big Brother uh it would be a
guarantee that both sides would be uh
adhering to the terms of any agreement
that might worked out and it would lend
some legitimacy to the overall
settlement
Arrangements
and you know there's this fine line
between military victory for Israel and
the security of hostages that we
continue to talk about uh judging from
your experience you know you deal with
Arm Control nonproliferation these
weapons are very uh deadly on the one
hand but on the other hand you know
these tunnels are very deep as well can
you talk about that fine line that
Israel's dealing
with one of Israel's priorities has been
to secure the release of Israeli
citizens that are being held hostage uh
so any Arrangement that uh would lead to
this would be a positive outcome for the
Israelis uh so they they are very eager
to get their people back and hopefully
unharmed and it would certainly be in
everyone's interest to see a a pause in
the fighting uh this would allow
civilians to be evacuated from the area
uh one of the the main uh the most
horrific aspects of the war thus far has
been the effect on
civilians uh who were caught in the
middle of fighting between Israel and
Hamas and a pause in the fighting would
enable some of them to evacuate and to
get to safety and that would be very
important yes indeed and we're looking
out for that John era thank you so much
for joining us this morning on we on
thank
you