Indonesian cities have erupted in Pro
Palestinian rallies since the October 7
Hamas attack and emotions are
strong what Hamas and the Palestinian
people did against the Invaders Israel
was their way of fighting to achieve
their independence there's nothing wrong
because that is also what the heroes of
the Indonesian Nation did when they
fought to achieve independence that
passion will be on Indonesian president
Joko wi Doo mind as he meets President
Joe Biden at the White House
Monday not a single indones president
has dared not to defend Palestine our
founding fathers have laid the
foundation of our foreign policy
non-aligned free and active defend the
oppressed the two sides have a large gap
to bridge particularly on a ceasefire in
Gaza but are Keen to maintain good
relations Monday's meeting was arranged
after Biden skipped the Assan Summit
hosted by Indonesia in September sending
vice president Kamala Harris in his
place and going to Vietnam instead the
leaders last met at the G20 Summit in
India this year they are expected to
upgrade bilateral ties to a
comprehensive strategic partnership a
status Jakarta already shares with
Beijing the leaders will explore
opportunities to enhance cooperation on
the clean energy transition advance
economic Prosperity bolster Regional
peace and stability and reinforce our
peop to people ties the two leaders will
also coordinate on efforts to reinforce
oan centrality and uphold international
law and promote a free and open
indopacific a key goal for Indonesia a
limited Free Trade Agreement on critical
minerals that will allow Indonesian
nickel use in electric vehicle batteries
to qualify for tax incentives under the
the 2022 US inflation reduction act
Indonesia has the world's largest nickel
reserves which it mines and refines
largely with Chinese financing the US is
eager to uh you know invest in this area
especially because I think you know
through the lens of China competition
making sure that the nickel industry in
in Indonesia is not completely dominated
there would be would be would be a
crucial strategic interest some American
lawmakers are against the deal due to
heavy Chinese investment labor and
environmental concerns in the Indonesian
nickel industry patus v news
Washington