over in Israel calls for prime minister
Benin n to resign are intensifying with
around a 100,000 Israelis protesting
against their leader in Jerusalem on
Sunday eing jaaz
more weekend protests against Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and
his government grew even more on Sunday
with the Times of Israel reporting that
around 100,000 Israelis rallied in front
of the parliament protesters expressed
their anger at the government for its
prolonged war in Gaza without being able
to eradicate Hamas or bring back the
hostages taken by the militant group the
protesters also expressed anger towards
the government's support of exempting
ultra Orthodox Jewish youth from
military service others criticize the
fact that the prime minister's son has
not been in the country since the start
of the Gaza conflict so what I'm doing
here is trying to change the government
because this government is a complete
and utter failure
and the only way they will lead us into
the abyss that we will never come out of
protesters called for an early general
election to remove Netanyahu from office
however the Israeli Prime Minister
argued saying that if a general election
were held now during the war hostage
negotiations with the government would
be paralyzed for 6 to 8 months
opposition leader and former prime
minister yayer lapid said that an early
general election would not paralyze the
government arguing that Israel has
already been paralyzed due to the
ongoing war with Hamas and the lack of
Hostage
negotiations Sunday's massive Gathering
followed protests involving tens of
thousands of Israelis from cities across
the country on Saturday leaving
Netanyahu to Grapple with one of the
most serious threats yet to his
Coalition ejang
news