Secretary of State Anthony blinkin says
President Biden will travel to Israel on
Wednesday during remarks in Tel Aviv
blinkin laid out the goal for the
president's wartime visit president will
hear from Israel what it needs to defend
its people as we continue to work with
Congress to meet those
needs second President Biden will
underscore our crystal clear message to
any actor state or non-state trying to
take advantage of this crisis to attack
Israel don't
CBS News senior investigative
correspondent kathern harage joins me
now from Washington Katherine what's
your takeaway from blink's statement and
what could it mean for President Biden
well John good to be with you it's a
significant development by any measure a
sitting president of the United States
traveling to a war zone as the all
indicators suggest that we're on the
cusp of this ground assault just going
to my notes two elements of the
Secretary of State's speech uh stood out
to me one is that the president and
others will receive an assessment of
Israel's war objectives another
indicator that we're moving closer to
this second phase of the war and second
the Stark warning to State and non-state
actors about staying out of the conflict
so it does not further escalate and
that's not happening in a vacuum we've
seen new engagement by Hezbollah in the
North of Israel Hezbollah is a proxy of
Iran and based on all of my reporting
this week here at CBS News there's a lot
of anx iety about a second front opening
in this conflict and a proxy like hisbah
getting involved on behalf of Iran and
Not only would that dramatically change
the calculus in the region but it would
also severely impact the Threat Level
here in the United States Katherine
herriage in Washington thanks so much
Katherine you're welcome