most of the markets are shut except the
supermarket a couple of grocery stores
and uh pharmacies and chemist stores
everything is shut here there is clear
and present danger everyone you speak to
says there is apprehension there is fear
that Hamas terrorists could be lurking
around with their weapons with their
assault rifles with their even RPGs
rocket propelled grenades uh and they
could Target Innocents they could Target
women children and the elderly here in
Israel but Israel has also mounted a
very Swift and Stern counter offensive
we bring you this
report an unprecedented
incursion Rockets missiles pierced the
skies Hamas operatives tore into
Southern
Israel Israel responded with air strikes
flattening Hamas
buildings the toll passed 1,100 dead and
thousands wounded on both
sides and some 1 lakh 123,000 displaced
people in Gaza were in shelters
according to to the
UN our air force is attacking hundreds
of Kamas Islamic Jihad Targets in Gaza
we will we follow international law
while exercising our right and
responsibility to protect our civilians
India Today reports from what is now the
world's most volatile Zone the first
Indian station to cover the conflict
from its
epicenter
is
on Monday Israel announced its forces
have retaken control of all communities
around the Gaza
Strip insisting 500 Hamas and
Palestinian Islamic Jihad targets were
pounded
overnight Hamas Justified its attack as
a response to the suffering endured
Palestinians under Israel's occupation
and blockade of
Gaza civilians on both sides are paying
a heavy
price 5 minutes ago you just you just
heard those sounds of the blast uh you
the sound that you heard of the blast
this is the real images from here this
is exactly the bomb actually the rocket
over dropped and look at the massive
destruction so this is just matter of 5
minutes so these cars these security
forces the rescue forces are now
assessing the potential damage has
been a devastating gorilla style assault
followed by a fierce retaliation in
Modern Warfare this escalation has
pushed a negotiated settlement for this
long-standing dispute further Out Of
Reach than ever
before with gorov Savant and ashitosh
Mishra reporting from ashkin Israel
Bureau report India
today