I came to the the UN firstly to convey
president Lula's call for for an urgent
multilateral humanitarian action to end
the suffering of civilians caught up in
the midst of these
hostilities I also underscored president
Lula's appeal for the immediate and
unconditional release of the civilians
that have been abducted and held hostage
since the beginning of this
crisis Brazil will continue to promote
dialogue among members and action on the
part of the council through the opening
of possible Avenues of negotiation the
immediate objective is clear and
immediate to prevent further Bloodshed
and loss of life and to try to ensure
urgent unimpeded humanitarian access to
the affected areas International
humanitarian law and international human
rights law provide clear guidance on
what needs to be done a humanitarian
pause is urgent as well as the
establishment of humanitarian corridors
to access
Gaza much of the reputation of the
United Nations and in particular of the
security Council depends on the approach
of the organization to the ongoing
crisis the eyes of the world are also on
us here in New York Brazil has been
following the situation in Israel and
Palestine with deep sadness and concern
alarmed by the widespread human
suffering we firmly believe that all
efforts must prioritize the protection
of civilians especially the many
children caught up in the violence we
received with dismay the news that
Israeli forces called for all civilians
more than 1 million living in Northern
Gaza to leave within 24 hours as the
United Nations has stated that may lead
to unprecedented levels of misery for
innocent civilians we are also following
closely the situation of Brazilian
citizens in both Israel and
Palestine we have repatriated hundreds
of Brazilians from the region so far we
mourn the three youngster who perished
in the attack to the the music festival
they are attending while in Israel we
express our deepest sympathy to all
families that lost their loved ones in
this conflict including humanitarian
work workers and un Personnel we also
express our solidarity to the wounded
and
displaced we hope that peace may prevail
for all in the Middle East and will
continue to work to a achieve that
end
wow