for days Israel has been bombarding Gaza
reducing entire areas to Rubble the
question is is there an endgame where
does this stop and when and how
different sources have told Reuters
journalists that they see no obvious
sign of an exit strategy for Israel that
is assuming they plan to exit nobody
really knows at what point a military
campaign will consider that its goals
have been met and that we begin to hand
over to a political situation in the
short term the tactics are clear they
want to stop the rocket fire from Gaza
and they want to crush
Hamas Gaza is just 360 square kilometers
Israel has mobilized 360,000 reservists
to carry out this operation so
short-term goals like eradicating
tunnels and maybe targeting individual
Hamas leaders and killing them are no
doubt achievable for a force that size
but beyond that what happened
Hamas is not just a presence in Gaza it
has a presence across the occupied
Palestinian territories it has
supporters across the Middle East and
all around the world so crushing Hamas
is going to be very very difficult for
Israel both militarily and politically
other players in the region could also
escalate matters Iran Hezbollah in
Lebanon if they get involved Israel will
have to fight on different fronts the
last comparable ground attack that
Israeli forces took part
was in 2006 in Lebanon when they crossed
the border and went into South Lebanon
to try and catch Hezbollah forces who
had captured Israeli soldiers I was
there I saw that battle Israel had not
come up against Fighters like Hezbollah
in the West Bank in previous decades the
question is how ready is Hamas for them
with its tunnels with its booby traps
with its trained Fighters how ready are
they how many casualties would they
inflict on Israel how many casualties
would Israel inflict on Palestinians and
what is the Tolerance on both sides for
this all of this is
unknown