Gap that secretary blinken apparently
refers to is big enough to have created
a graveyard for 7,000 Palestinian
children so far the carefully chosen
words I don't think are going to impress
whether it's Palestinians whether it's
the rest of the world that is watching
in real time rank American and Western
hypocrisy most importantly and to answer
your question Lucy I don't think it's
going to impress the Israelis no because
words and policy have to be aligned and
if the American policy which is what the
Israelis are experiencing is to
appropriate funding for Israel's war
provide weapons to Israel's war make
sure that when there is discussion at
the United Nations security Council if
there's any meaningful resolution
America vetos it and for the US
government to continue parting key
Israeli propaganda talking points and
disinformation as long as that's the
case then I think the Israeli leadership
will feel very comfortable that they
have a lot of running room left to
continue with the killing whether in
southern G or elsewhere and to
exacerbate this humanitarian catastroph
Daniel the US give billions of dollars
in aid though that is one tool that they
have is a time that they started to use
that as a way of trying to change things
no I think the time was after a hundred
children a thousand children 2,000
children it's well past time that they
should use that they have been
conspicuously unwilling to deploy that
leverage and I do not think things will
really change until whatever effort they
are making in private is matched by what
Israel will actually have to pay
attention to which is a willingness to
change the policy things are only going
to get worse otherwise you're also by
the way not going to get the hostages
out which is another dimension of this
so if we want to have a permanent
cessation then the pressure inside
Israel by the families for instance the
pressure the rest of the world is saying
will have to be matched by an American
position which no longer indulges the
mass killing of civilians and I think
it's a disaster for America as well
though