outside gaza's alifa Hospital Friday
began with a loud boom it caused a
number of casualties among displaced
people and Medical Teams according to
authorities and it came less than 24
hours after this Bomb Blast on Thursday
that killed and injured an unknown
number of gazin meanwhile the world
waits for Israel's pause in its military
action Israel is expected to suspend
operations for 4 hours each day along
with the 3-hour advanced notice of each
pause to allow more humanitarian Aid in
and a safe passage for the tens of
thousands of residents now pouring out
of Northern
Gaza what we see today is a plan for a
second
Exodus what do things look like behind
us death and destruction death and
destruction President Biden's goal of a
3ay pause which might include the
release of some of the Hamas hostages
remains
unrealized Mr President are you
frustrated with prime minister Netanyahu
that he has not listened more to some of
the things you have asked him to
do it's taking a little longer than I
hope it's taking a little bit longer in
an interview Netanyahu repeated that
there won't be a ceasefire until the
Israeli hostages are released and
suggested the pauses would be somewhat
random he also said the war against
Hamas will continue quote however long
it takes
we don't seek to govern uh Gaza we don't
seek to occupy it but we seek to give it
and us a better future and the entire
Middle East President Biden in a series
of social media posts said he's hoping
to now see at least 150 humanitarian Aid
trucks enter Gaza each day and he called
the pauses a step in the right direction
but that's not nearly enough for
thousands of pro Palestinian
demonstrators Across America who on
Thursday staged marches sit-ins die-ins
and walkouts this one in New York got
some star power from actress Susan
Sarandon New York City you will see New
York City you will see you do not have
to be Palestinian to understand that the
slaughter of almost 5,000 children is
unacceptable and a war crime but their
demand for a permanent ceasefire still
seems very far away Andy Rose trt world