Israel's defense minister says his
troops are on the verge of dismantling a
Hamas Battalion in Northern Gaza
meanwhile The Washington Post reports
Israel used us made white phosphorous
Munitions in an October attack in
southern Lebanon that injured at least
nine civilians eing
dasmo Israeli defense minister yov
Gallant said Monday that Israeli troops
are encircling hamas's last two
strongholds in Northern Gaza adding that
Hamas battalions in the jabala and Shaya
areas are on the verge of dismantling
the defense minister added that the
Hamas Fighters that have already
surrendered said they are short of
weapons and food he went on to say that
Israeli forces are near a Breaking Point
in the northern Gaza Strip calling upon
remaining Hamas fighters to surrender as
he promised to spare their lives if they
do so the comments come as the Israeli
Defense Forces and the Israeli Security
Agency announced last week that more
than 500 Hamas and Islamic Jihad
Fighters had been captured over the past
month gaza's Health Ministry reported
that over 18,000 Palestinians have now
been killed since the start of the armed
conflict the ministry spokesperson also
reported that the bodies of 208 dead
Palestinians were transferred to
hospitals in the Gaza Strip during the
past 24 hours with over 400 others
injured during that time he called on
Medical Teams around the world to go to
the Gaza Strip to help with life-saving
operations for the wounded gazin
stressing that hundreds of wounded
people are seeking treatment meanwhile
according to a report by The Washington
Post on Monday Israel used a US supplied
white phosphorus Munitions in an October
attack in southern Lebanon that injured
at least nine civilians according to the
report a journalist working for the Post
found remnants of three 155 mm artillery
rounds fired into draa near the border
of Israel the attacks in incinerated at
least four homes the rounds were said to
have been saturated with white
phosphorus that burns at high
temperatures despite accusations of war
crimes by human rights groups the Israel
Defense Forces said that white
phosphorous shells launched by Israel
are used to create smoke screens not for
targeting or causing fires adding that
it complies and goes beyond the
requirements of international law EJ
adang news