Israel and Hamas have reached a truce
this is the first break in fighting
after nearly 7 weeks of war between
these bitter enemies now this is not an
end to the war this is just a break it's
a 4-day ceasefire and during that time
Hamas is set to release 50 hostages
these are people who were captured when
Hamas opened the war on October 7th sent
Fighters across the border and kidnapped
over 240 people at the time so 50 of
those people women and children are set
to be released during this 4-day period
at the same time Israel is set to
release 150 Palestinian prisoners also
women and children that it's been
holding in addition Israel is allowing
more humanitarian Aid to come into Gaza
which has been battered uh by this war
one of the stipulations of the ceasefire
is that Hamas has the ability to extend
it Beyond those 4 days for every day
that it releases an additional 10
hostages is Israel says it will extend
that ceasefire now an extended lull uh
could play into hamas's hands and also
put pressure on Israel to Halt the
fighting first of all International
pressure is likely to increase on Israel
there has already been widespread
International criticism of the heavy
death toll uh over 11,000 Palestinians
have been uh killed since the fighting
erupted uh in Gaza and there's been a
widespread International uh criticism
that criticism could pick up now there
could also be some domestic pressure on
Israel the hostage families as hostages
begin uh to uh be released the other
families the families of those who
remain in captivity are likely to put
pressure on the government to extend
that truce to give uh to create more
opportunities for more uh hostage uh
releases so for the time being Israel
says uh people are not going home it
says its troops are staying inside Gaza
and prime minister netan has been very
clear he says as soon as this truce
expires he is going to to resume this
war he wants to keep on going until
Israel realizes its goals that is one to
uh destroy Hamas completely to destroy
its military capabilities to destroy its
governing capabilities and two to keep
on fighting until every hostage uh
returns
home