it reiterates the council's demand that
all parties comply with their
obligations under international law
including International humanitarian law
notably with regard to the protection of
civilians it demands the immediate and
unconditional release of all hostages
and it requests the Secretary General to
report to the Council on an urgent and
continual basis on the resolution's
implementation it is brief it is simple
it is
crucial in
Contra AB
thank you Mr President
colleagues the United States engaged in
good faith on this text we propose
language with an eye toward a
constructive
resolution that would have reinforced
the life-saving diplomacy we have
undertaken since October 7 increased
opportunities for humanitarian Aid to
enter Gaza encouraged the release of
hostages and the resumption of
humanitarian pauses and laid a
foundation for a durable
peace
unfortunately nearly all of our
recommendations were ignored and the
result of this Rush process was an
imbalanced resolution that was divorced
from reality that would not move the
needle forward on the ground in any
concrete way
way and so we regretfully could not
support
it this text also failed to acknowledge
that Israel has the right to defend
itself against terrorism consistent with
international law this is a right to
which all states are
entitled as I stated earlier today no
country could or should tolerate what
Hamas did on October 7 thank you
president we call for further and longer
pauses to get Aid to Palestinians and
allow space for further hostage
releases but we cannot vote in favor of
a resolution which does not condemn the
atrocities Hamas committed against
innocent Israeli civilians on the 7th of
October calling for a ceasefire ignores
the fact that Hamas has committed acts
of Terror and is still holding civilians
hostage Israel needs to be able to
address the threat posed by Hamas and it
needs to do so in a manner that abides
by International humanitarian law so
that such attack can never be carried
out
again