niraj when you are duplex two together
we link up with our special envoy in
Gaza Valerie Gallo the bombardments
don't seem to have lost any of their
intensity after Sunday which saw them at
their most violent or you were witness
to that wow how half alice dinnean
civilians been reacting trapped in this
conflict from how are they managing
day-to-day quid yeah well did he ate
before I answer that I don't know if
you've just heard the explosions behind
me it's very frightening the bombardment
has just started again a few moments ago
in Gaza we've seen plumes of black and
white smoke go up in the same
neighborhood sure Jaya that was hit hard
during the night from Saturday to Sunday
now the bombardment is gathering force
again luka luna donna Brazile damash
lovely moon baltimore whooping Nancy do
our local crew here next to me a
signaling that we should hurry things up
as for how the inhabitants feel they're
very frustrated and angry we were moving
around in the market this morning and
there are a lot of people there but
fewer than usual they told us the
vampyre boo emotions rumors are people
are satisfied just to survive they say
it's not living anymore families don't
have a normal life or their children
there are shortages of everything they
don't have enough food or medicines and
they certainly aren't free to move
around inside this Enclave that has
become a veritable prison for them as we
see in a lot of slogans written up
everywhere in the streets of Gaza
huangpu panono 30 years of failure
Valerie with a death toll is rising
every hour how is it in the enclaves
hospitals during clava yo quiero morir
situationally lupito incomplete most at
you obviously the hospitals are
completely overwhelmed we visited the
shiva hospital yesterday which is Garces
main hospital and there was such a crowd
outside a lot of people inside doctors
waiting to help exhausted and
exasperated they also like what they
need to do their jobs and that just got
worse today with the bombing we just
witnessed lunacy just your own that
those computer will be a Playboy
the monkey and assistant hey Valerie
goriya your new special envoy and Gaza
thanks and be careful oup don't listen