every Friday Imam Eunice cada speaks to
his followers in Victoria and online
using language like this and now we see
the criminal Jews the
zionists we see how they are fighting
our brothers in Palestine kathrada has
praised Hamas Fighters and asked God to
destroy the plundering and criminal Jews
while also condemning the lgbtq
community and atheists the
non-muslims are the enemies of Allah
therefore they are your enemies cada
preaches hate this National Jewish
advocacy group has filed a police
complaint so has a city counselor
Victoria police are investigating but no
charges have been laid any comment at
all approached by global news kathrada
didn't respond on Facebook he called the
media anti-islam anti-muslim and
straight up dishonest who twist people's
words urging journalists to hold their
breath for a response the corporate
media has no problem with lying after
October 7th kathrada used a false claim
by an Israeli reporter that 40 babies
had been beheaded to question the entire
story about the Hamas attack most of
what they say are mere
lies they are a propaganda machine this
nonprofit that tracks anti semitism
online says they've witnessed an
explosion of hatred including October
7th denialism a very concerted effort to
deny that these events ever happened and
even more so to say that Israel was
behind the October 7th Massacre they
highlighted 300 examples many from
Canada viewed on social media 25 million
times only around 9% had been removed
October 7th denial is being platformed
for millions of people those concern are
echoed in this cus report on violent
anti-semitic extremism it warned
influencers are using social media
platforms to spread violent rhetoric and
denial narratives an earlier threat
assessment specifically mentioned Unice
kathrada and his calls for God to
destroy those who slander the prophet
words can lead to real word
violence he should not have a platform
kathrada has denied ever calling for
violence Jeff simple Global News Toronto