this is a willful misunderstanding of
how journalism and verification and
sourcing works when we take figures from
the Gaza Health Ministry it is because
those figures have checked out in the
past they checked out in 2008 they
checked out in 2014 they checked out in
2012 the Gaza Health Ministry is the
most uh the best able to get those
figures from the hospitals from the
morgs when those Figures were disputed
months ago it very diligently the US
president disputed them he disputed them
they wrote out a list 212 Pages names ID
numbers which Israel has because Israel
controls the registry we use those
sources for the same reason that we use
any other source because element of
missing information finished
yet I had not finished the final
element you're going to throw more shade
final element of missing information
here is how these people have died we
know that Hamas has been shooting its
own civilians we know that they have
been bombing fleeing civilians and we
know that Hamas and Palestinian Islamic
Jihad Rockets fired towards Israel are
falling short in the Gaza I'm just going
to go ahead we use those we use those
sources because we use sources that
check out the Gaza Health Ministry along
with other sources that we use from Gaza
have consistently checked out that's how
basic journalism works I'm sorry that
you keep throwing shade on that it's
really insulting number two who is
dropping the bombs on Gaza which country
which government has dropped in the
first few months of the war the
equivalent of three nuclear bombs on
Gaza respond to no you may not because I
have not finished sorry we' literally
got 30s talking about Palestinian women
and children tens and thousands of women
and children who are being killed maimed
orphaned terrorized and tortured that is
happening because Israeli Army bombs
respons are obliterating houses and
every sign of infrastructure in Gaza you
cannot blame anyone else for that any
International lawyer or military expert
worth their salt will be confirming that
throughout every previous conflict
Israel has not only complied with the
laws of UNC conflict on proportionality
on Distinction on necessity and on
Precision targeting and precaution
against civilian casualties but has gone
way above