[Music]
I want to say that you know in real life
I mean you you spoke about uh the Israel
uh
issue look in a way how different the
pulls and pressures can be on the one
hand what happened on October 7th was
terrorism on the other hand nobody would
you know countenance the deaths of and
civilians countries may be uh may be uh
Justified at least in their own minds
and responding but you cannot have a
response which does not uh uh you know
uh I mean every response must take into
account something called International
humanitarian law and the fact is that
whatever the Rights and Wrongs of the
issue there is the underlying issue of
the rights of the Palestinians and the
fact that they have been denied their
home
that so I mean I'm taking that one
issue and I've given you five different
aspects of that issue and somewhere a
solution cannot be that I will pick two
out of the five and leave three because
you will not get a solution out of that
so uh the the point is you know all of
us who are in the uh I would say the
policy world who have to take those
calls we you know
much of our challenge is how do you get
this balance right that uh we are today
still one of the countries who are in a
position you know when I I go back to
India tomorrow I have the foreign
minister of Ukraine visiting me uh the
day after that we have also been the
country who have uh the opportunity to
talk to the Russians very frankly and
bluntly on this issue on different
aspects you know others have used us to
pass messages and by the way the same
thing applies when it comes to the Gaza
Israel uh conflict as well so uh I I put
it to you today it's this is not an
issue of a moral copout this is an issue
today of appreciating that real life
actually has a whole lot of complexities
and that the uh considered answers the
the sustainable answers cannot be very
angular they cannot pick some facets to
the exclusion of other facets