and Israel has stepped up its attack on
Gaza in all forms here's an exclusive
ground report filed by India today's
shiv route from Gaza border showing
frequent Israel
offensive we've just arrived here amidst
multiple plumes of smoke uh you can hear
f-16s in the air there's definitely tank
shelling uh coming from that direction
we're standing right at the tip of the
Northern end of the Gaza Strip uh that's
the fence behind me there's a huge Haze
of Cl loud over part of it you can hear
machine gun fire so all manner of
ammunition uh you know now being used
and can not only be seen but can also be
heard over here uh that's medium machine
gun fire I'll tell you what all I can
hear that's being dropped on Gaza right
now from this particular position uh
near stero in southern Israel okay that
was an air strike you can hear you can
hear an air strike in the distance
probably somewhere near Gaza City uh you
can see a great deal of smoke uh right
over there probably where an air strike
has just happened or where a tank shell
has just uh probably landed uh there's
machine gun fire which is likely coming
from an attack helicopter though we
can't hear that just yet there's there
are multiple aircraft in the air and
remember this is uh a few hours after
150 air strikes apparently happened
overnight uh where the Hamas Naval
Commander the aviation wing head was
also apparently killed uh further south
from here is where bunker Busters which
are penetration uh bombs are being used
to hit Hamas tunnels but this is the
northern and so even this part where the
actual incursion has happened into Gaza
uh is being uh softened up and hit quite
a bit uh further south from the tanks uh
there is a lot of there's a great deal
of Special Forces who've also entered
from the sea as well as from the middle
part of it uh in that direction which is
the uh the uh the northeastern end of
Gaza uh is where a lot of Tanks have end
uh entered from the uh from another
particular uh part and that's probably
why the echo of tank shelling is coming
from that direction uh but this is very
very much the beginning or the setting
of the stage for a larger ground
incursion this is a visible and an
audible escalation that we're reporting
right from the Gaza front this is shiv
arur in stero Israel for India today