new tensions in the israel-palestine
dispute U.N Secretary General Antonio
guterres issued a statement condemning
Israeli plans to build new settlements
in the occupied West Bank we reiterate
that the establishment by Israel of
settlements in the Palestinian territory
occupied since 1967 including East
Jerusalem has no legal validity and
constitutes a flagrant violation under
international law the government of
prime minister Netanyahu is considering
proposals to build more than 4 500 new
housing units across territory occupied
by Israel since the 1967 war
that is in addition to the more than 7
000 settlements already approved since
Netanyahu took office in January
there are about seven hundred thousand
settlers in the occupied West Bank up
from 520 000 in 2012. settlements such
as these are illegal under international
law
the U.S state Department expressed
concerns about the plans viewing it as a
barrier to a two-state solution Germany
also criticized the settlements
this is a cause of great concern for the
German government our position which you
know and which we have presented here on
several occasions is clear settlements
are illegal under international law and
jeopardize a future to a state solution
but the Israeli government has defied
these protests on Sunday the Israel
cabinet approved a resolution to speed
up the process of constructing buildings
in Israeli settlements in the occupied
West Bank
these plans come as several Palestinians
were killed in an Israeli raid in the
northern West Bank City of Janine on
Monday
our forces eliminated several terrorists
arrested others they were ambushed and
came under Fire and acted exceptionally
well
netanyahu's far-right government has
sparked controversy this year with a
series of Hardline policies including
judicial reforms that led to massive
protests
peace long elusive in this troubled
region is looking less and less likely
Rupert Stone trt World