meanwhile parts of Western Europe are
seeing protest over the Israel Hamas War
this past weekend saw major rallies in
Paris against anti-Semitism and in
London Calling for ceasefire in Gaza Ian
reports in Paris on Sunday more than
100,000 people marched the streets
against
anti-Semitism the protest was called for
by French lawmakers in the wake of a
recent surge in anti-semitic incidents
in France since the October 7th attack
on Israel French Senate speaker Gerard
lar highlighted that the March signifies
a total fight against anti-Semitism
which is the opposite of the values of
the French Republic prime minister
Elizabeth Bourne and former presidents
Francois Anand and Nicholas sarosi were
among those heading the March but also
present at the March were right-wing
politicians including the presidential
candidate for the national rally party
Marine Leen president Emanuel mcon did
not attend the march on Sunday but on
the eve of the March said a France where
Jewish citizens are afraid is not France
Mong also condemned the confusion
surrounding the rally and said instead
of a United Republic against
anti-Semitism the event was being
exploited by some politicians for their
own ends meanwhile in London hundreds of
thousands of people marched on Saturday
calling for a ceasefire in Gaza London's
Metropolitan Police put the number of
protesters at over 300,000 while
organizers say it could also have been
one of the largest protests in British
political history suggesting some
800,000 people to have taken part in the
March the police reported no issues with
the protest as the people marched
peacefully through the city there were
however a few incidents of violence from
farri counter protesters who were
arrested Saturday's March in London
coincided with armyus Day More countries
across Europe have also seen such
marches in Brussels on Saturday about
21,000 people took part in a pro
Palestinian rally while an estimated
10,000 people marched in the German
capital in solidarity with the
Palestinian people on Sunday iin adang
news