two foreign ministers with a direct
interest in the conflict raging in Gaza
meeting in the Turkish Capital both
condemned the ongoing Israeli military
operations there and attacks on
civilians and for the first time the
Turkish foreign minister gave more
details about a plan to try and bring a
lasting peace to the
region being a guor country is among the
proposals we have put forward turkey is
not only demanding the two-state
solution be implemented as soon as
possible we think that turkey along with
other countries in the region should
shoulder responsibility in solving the
problem it will be difficult for Israel
and Palestine to reach an agreement on
their own under the current conditions
or to implement a peace
agreement an attempted peace Summit has
already been held in Egypt 10 days ago
with little success but turkey hopes
under its proposals all countries in the
region will take ownership of any
agreement and that both sides will have
to make
sacrifices Iran is one of those
countries with influence in the region a
major backer of Hamas both politically
and militarily the foreign minister had
arrived in Turkey a from Qatar meeting
leaders there and Hamas officials and
warned of potential further
escalation C H according to the meeting
we held yesterday in Doha with the
leaders of the country of Qatar the
political leaders of Hamas and the
information we receive from the
resistance groups the region is close to
taking a very big and decisive decision
if genocide and war crimes are not
stopped if the war is not stopped as
soon as possible controlling the
conditions of the region and leaving it
out of the hands of all sides the
responsibility will be directly on the
USA Israel and those who support war
crimes
the Iranian foreign minister later had a
meeting with the Turkish president
thanking him for his diplomatic efforts
and proposals to hold an International
Conference Iran has been working on a
similar plan he said it's still not
clear if or when an International
Conference can be held it's almost four
weeks into the conflict now and neither
a ceasefire nor a humanitarian pause has
been organized but the Turkish
government says its proposals have been
welcomed in some quarters and it's going
to continue trying Andrew Hopkins trt
World
[Music]
anchor