[Music]
Colin Campbell is in Washington for
words with more detail now on Kerry's
peace plan for Israel and Palestine
touring Golan Heights swimming in the
Dead Sea taking aerial tours over trying
to supervisor at least look at and
monitor the security issues that is
Israel has to deal with but at the same
time he talked about his relationship
with Palestinians and understanding
being empathetic to the challenges that
Palestinians go through on a daily basis
one of the issues that he did not talk
about in full detail with some of the
funding that the u.s. gives to Israel
and that's estimated to be more than 10
million dollars every day and recently
the Obama administration had signed a
10-year commitment to a 38 billion
dollar package giving money to Israel
for its military safety and its security
he talked about that various ways
throughout his speech now of course when
Kerry talked about the Palestinian
struggle he didn't want it to Steven
want to show that he is he's trying to
leave out the struggles that Israelis
have to go through on a daily basis as
well he wanted to emphasize that but
wanted to really show that a two-state
solution was something that the Obama
administration was in support of and
that that would really be the only way
for peace to really be achieved between
Israelis and Palestinians he also talked
about how the the vote that the US
abstained from and the UN Security
Council wasn't unprecedented that it had
also been done as far back as 1986
during the Reagan administration when
the u.s. voted similarly and as Kerry
pointed out almost on the same day just
several years back the vote was similar
so he wanted to show that the Obama
administration has been consistent for
decades or at least has been showing its
consistency with decades of United
States policy
you
[Music]