Israel Hamas War enters day 14 the war
between Israel and Hamas is Raging with
each passing day as Israeli military
aircraft and vehicles prepare for
escalation after an unprecedented
assault on its territory 10 days ago
which shook the country Israel has mased
tens of thousands of troops along the
border visiting the Golani Brigade
soldiers stationed at the Gaza border
Israeli Prime Minister Benyamin
Netanyahu encouraged the soldiers to be
ready for victory against against Hamas
meanwhile Israel's defense minister
asked the forces on ground to be ready
to enter the Gaza Strip indicating
towards a possible ground invasion of
Gaza as Hamas continues to bomb Israeli
cities on Thursday and Israeli Air Force
aircraft located and attacked an armed
terrorist Squad that endangered Israeli
forces in the
area
[Applause]
for
so those are of course images of
Israel's preparedness for that ground
Invasion which it says is only imminent
now now ahead of the ground Invasion
let's take a look at the current
situation as as far as the Israel Hamas
war is concerned at the Gaza border
these are images of the areas where in
fact you saw Israel air strikes in and
around Gaza as you see conun is one of
those areas Karam Shalom sufa Nia o Nim
far Aza Shaya is also one of the areas
Ral bit laaya Aris Crossing and bit
hanon so these are all of these areas as
you can see that is of course the Gaza
Strip and those are the areas and
locations that Israel has struck from
air and is now preparing for a ground
Invasion so these are images of those
air strikes that we've been able to
gather from multiple sources meanwhile
US President Joe Biden has likened
hamas's Terror to Vladimir Putin Russian
president saying both want to finish
neighboring Nations using innocence as
Shields listen
in Hamas and Putin represent different
threats but they share this in common
they both want to completely annihilate
a neighboring democracy completely
annihilated hamash uses Palestinian
civilians as human Shields and innocent
Palestinian families are suffering
greatly because of them meanwhile Putin
denies Ukraine has or ever had real
statehood he claims the Soviet Union
created Ukraine