Israel has declared control over the
Gaza border while continuing its air
stries on Hamas infrastructure in Gaza
this comes in the aftermath of
unprecedented attacks by the Palestinian
militant group and despite their threats
to execute
hostages in Washington US Secretary of
State Anthony blink is heading to Israel
to show
solidarity the top Diplomat has spoken
to foreign ministers from the region as
one of the Diplomatic priorities is to
prevent violence from spreading to other
parts of the Middle East secretary
blinkin will be traveling to Israel in
the coming days to engage our Israeli
Partners directly about the situation on
the ground and how we Contin can
continue to best support them in their
fight against the terrorists who
launched these horrific attacks our
support for Israel is unwavering us
officials have placed American support
in efforts to free hostages taken during
the Hamas assault US citizens are am
captives there are a number of countries
who have the ability to deliver messages
to Hamas and we have made clear to those
countries that they should urge Hamas to
release all hostages
immediately Israel indicated it does not
want any part in efforts to reach a
normalization deal with Saudi Arabia the
recent Hamas attacks have complicated
The Diplomatic efforts for such a deal
according to analysts the current
outbreak of War will likely set that
back including timelines back it doesn't
necessarily mean that normalization of
ties will be over but I think for now uh
the focus is going to be on various
aspects of uh of the the war itself and
Aid to the
Israelis the United States has said the
pursuit of a diplomatic deal between
Israel and Saudi Arabia could not
replace a two-state solution to address
the needs of the Palestinian people and
Hamas does not represent their
legitimate aspirations for an
independent state of pistan Nik chin VI
News
Washington