we are right now in occupied East
Jerusalem a neighborhood of yesterday
there were minor clashes between
Palestinians and Israeli settlers and
Israeli security forces in this place
but it looks like the situation is calm
it didn't go as people were expecting
and after the Friday prayers both in
occupied Easter Salman occupy West Bank
the towns we were expecting some
Palestinian protests and also we were
expecting some clashes as of now the
situation is still calm and occupied
issuesome and at the other states of
occupy West Bank and also the spillover
effect that because of the tensions in
occupy West Bank looks like getting
eroded in occupied this person because
there were some positive messages coming
from Palestinians living in shofar
refugee camp Israel actually has imposed
some siege-like situation around the
issue of a refugee camp because of a
deadly attack that took place on
Saturday and that after that attack and
Israeli soldier was killed by a
Palestinian named um
and Israelis believed that that person
lives actually in shofar refugee camp
that's why they circulated the area but
but yesterday they left they lifted the
siege-like situation and Palestinians
responded positively too but they said
that they are just lifting their civil
disobedience is what they called but
they're going to reassess the situation
and according to Israelis Behavior they
will reimpose this this civil obedience
and they're going to see the situation
until Tuesday this is what they say
while the situation is calm and occupied
is Jerusalem but in occupy West Bank the
situation is still a tense as according
to reports as you have said two
Palestinians who are killed today during
the during an operation in occupied West
Bank by Israeli Security Forces