[Music]
hours after the explosions in Isfahan
there were demonstrations in tan and
other Iranian cities while it appears no
significant targets were hit Iran's air
defenses were breached by what is
assumed to have been an Israeli strike
Iran's nuclear facility in the city was
obviously not the target this time but
the message may have been it could
be last night you witnessed that if
suspicious flying objects appear in the
country's Sky they will not be spared
from being the target of our powers
defense the objects were suspicious and
our defense system acted swiftly thank
God there were no major issues in his
weekly speech in tran the country's
president Ibrahim rizi chose not to
mention the incident at all although
Israel has not confirmed the strike
Iranian sources appear to suggest they
will not be responding news that will be
welcomed by many and a potential sign an
escalation to a wider conflict has been
avoided in Europe Israel's allies refuse
to add any details about the operation
and focused on deescalation the United
States has not been involved in any
offensive operations uh what we're
focused on what the G7 is focused on and
again it's reflected in our statement
and in our conversation is our work to
deescalate uh tensions um to deescalate
from any potential conflict officials in
Washington said Israel had warned them
in a advance of some kind of attack but
the level of coordination is not clear
Russia's foreign minister said he'd been
in contact with both sides urging
restraint there have been telephone
contacts between the leadership of
Russia and Iran our representatives and
the Israelis we made it very clear in
these conversations we told the Israelis
that Iran does not want escalation
Israel's allies seem to accept it would
have to retaliate to 's attempted air
strikes but hoped that retaliation would
be calibrated to avoid a fullscale
regional conflict for now those hopes
appear to have been rewarded Simon
McGregor wood trt world