[Music]
welcome back you're watching the nation
at 5 and let's cut across to some latest
bit of exclusive information that we get
for you here on CNN news8 say Sala the
designated terrorist by India who's
trying to make himself relevant and keep
himself relevant has now equated the
Palestine situation to Kashmir um in
this in this propaganda audio which has
been put out he points out to the
so-called atrocities that exist in
Kashmir and also point out to what's
happening in Palestine right now Sayad
salahudin a mastermind of various attack
that were carried out here in India and
various other Terror activities which
are carried out on the Kashmir soil he's
the one who's responsible for it and
India on different occasions has also
put the evidence on record not just in
front of Pakistan but at the world stage
let's take you through some points one
by one what he has said in the saudio
Palestine going through a difficult
phase he has equated the cause of
Palestine to the issue in Kashmir Israel
would take over Gaza after the attack
also calling for Muslims to unite in
this cause the propaganda or the radical
radicalized message that has been put
out as I said earlier Kashmir and
Palestine going through the same turmoil
that is what hisb Chief has said already
uh Israel pointed out how Isis and Isis
flags were found in various attacks uh
at the site done by attack sites of
Hamas yehudis and Hindus have several
similarities talking about Jews and
Hindus here he points out to the angle
of religion and saying that they have a
lot in in common yehudis and Hindus are
strategic Partners the fact that India
has openly supported Israel is also
something which is being used by these
elements this is the time of jihad and I
pray that we win this Jihad the global
Jihad or the terror activities carried
out in the name of jihad is something it
is pretty evident here