much of the world is on alert tonight
for an imminent attack on Israel by Iran
President Biden tonight has a simple
one-word warning for the Iranians don't
CBS News has learned the US military is
sending additional Firepower to the
region to increase Force protection for
American troops that are already there
cbs's Ouija Jang is at the White House
with new
reporting a Us official tells CBS news
that the size of the planned attack
aimed at military Targets in Israel has
grown in recent days it could include
more than 100 drones 150 cruise missiles
and even ballistic missiles used for
long range strikes tonight a warning
from President Biden to
tyon Mr PR to Iran In This Moment
don't Iran has vowed to retaliate
blaming Israel for an air strike that
demolished its Consulate in the Syrian
capital of Damascus Iranian State media
claims 13 including two senior Iranian
generals were killed a spokesperson for
the IDF says Israel is not only on the
defensive but we are also prepared to go
on the offensive we are prepared to
strike with a variety of capabilities he
said today the pentagon's top Commander
for the Middle East arrived in Israel as
preparations continue and Biden once
again pledged the US Us's Ironclad
support we are devoted to the defense of
Israel we will support Israel we will
defend help defend Israel and Iran will
not succeed the state department is
warning American diplomats not to travel
outside Tel Aviv or Jerusalem while the
UK has gone further advising people to
leave Israel if they can General Frank
McKenzie the former head of Central
Command said an Iranian attack could
lead to a broader conflict in the region
if there's a significant mass casualty
event inside Israel then I think the
possibility of escalation is very very
high tonight President Biden says he
expects Iran to attack Israel sooner
rather than later as for those
additional us assets you mentioned the
Pentagon is repositioning a Navy
destroyer in the region joining another
warship that is already there Nora weija
Jang at the White House with that new
information thank you