now the death of Hamas deputy chief Sal
aluri has sparked protests in Palestine
thousands are gathering in his hometown
in West Bank and are Marching to demand
a Revenge these are the scenes from Aura
in West Bank alar ruri's Hometown people
have been demonstrating here holding
Palestines and hamas's
[Music]
flags
[Music]
while these visuals are from rala
several Palestinians are taken to the
streets here to protest the Israeli
attacks in Gaza and the killing of
senior Hamas official in the Lebanese
capital
[Music]
[Applause]
large crowds also gathered in Yem
Capital sa Hui supporters rallied here
in solidarity with Gaza the rebel group
has warned that they will Target ships
in the Red Sea that have links to Israel
several of their missiles and drones
have been shot down by us French and
British warships in recent
weeks
[Music]
meanwhile back in Israel with the thre
Monon anniversary of Hamas attack in the
Supernova Music Festival approaching
families of the victims visited the site
in Ram kotz to remember those killed in
the attack and pay tribute by lighting
candles
I'm still stuck on October 7th maybe the
eth I can't switch days I cannot turn
the page I can't open the new year for
my family and another 135 families today
is the 91st of October today is the 9 91
day days that they are held by the
terror organization Hamas and literally
every second
counts the site holds pictures of those
who were taken captive or were killed
according to authorities 364 people were
shot bludgeon or burned to death at the
Nova Festival another 40 taken hostage
by
Hamas on the 7th of October Hamas
militants
infiltrated from Gaza and held people
hostage until date over 129 hostages are
still in Hamas
captivity this as the families of the
hostages continue waiting eagerly for
the release of their loved
ones Theon is now available in your
country download the app now get all the
news on the move