the Israeli Prime Minister's office said
on Monday that the military has put
forth a plan for evacuating citizens
civilians in the Gaza Strip along with
an operational plan now the announcement
comes as Israel threatens a full-scale
invasion of Rafa Gaza Southernmost city
which has so far been uncashed by ground
troops prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
said on Sunday that the military
operation into gaza's Rafa would put
Israel within weeks of total victory
over Hamas negotiation for a ceasefire
in Gaza have resumed in Doha State
linked Egyptian media reported but
Netanyahu said any deal would not
prevent the Rafa offense if they are
going to go ahead with it regardless
speaking to CBS the Israeli Prime
Minister said and I'm going to quote him
here if we have a ceasefire deal it will
be delayed somewhat but it will happen
he added again I'm quoting him if we
don't have a deal we'll do it anyway it
has to be done because total Victory is
our goal and total Victory is Within
Reach not months away weeks away once we
begin the operation now an Israeli team
was in Paris on Friday to discuss a deal
on a fresh ceasefire and the release of
hostages in exchange for Palestinian
prisoners held in
Israel the talks then restarted in Doha
with the Hamas Representatives Netanyahu
said we're all working on it we want it
I want it because we want to liberate
the remaining hostages he added I can't
tell you if we'll have it but if Hamas
goes down from its delusion claims and
brings them down to earth we'll have the
progress that we all
want now during the Hamas attack on
Israel on the 7th of October Palestinian
militants took some 250 hostages 130 of
whom still remain in Gaza and which
includes 31 presumed dead as with a
previous truth in November last year
that saw over 100 hostages and 240
Palestinian prisoners being exchanged
and freed Qatar Egypt and us have been
spearheading efforts to secure a new
deal now
International pressure for a ceasefire
has mounted in recent weeks according to
Gaza officials the death stol from
Israel's military offensive on the
Palestinian territory is nearly is
nearing 30,000 people Israel has vowed
to destroy Hamas which rules Gaza in
response to its October attack on Israel
that resulted in the deaths of 1100
[Music]
Israelis