on a trip to Tel Aviv with other us
lawmakers Senate Majority Leader Chuck
Schumer said the chamber would push
through a military aid package ASAP to
help Israel in its war against the
militant islamist group Hamas we say to
Israel America will stand with its Ally
Israel so we will work with the Israeli
government and the Biden Administration
to assemble the most generous package
possible now they people will ask what
about about the house we're not waiting
for the house Schumer on Sunday said
among Israel's requests are additional
interceptors for its Iron Dome missile
defense system which has been operating
non-stop shooting down Hamas Rockets
from Gaza and precision Munitions the
needs of course are quickly evolving
over time he also said he urged Israeli
leaders to assist with efficient
humanitarian assistance while minimizing
civilian casualties in Gaza
the Biden Administration has underscored
that democracies like ours are stronger
and more secure when we uphold the rule
of
law we echoed that to every to the prime
minister of Israel and to every Israeli
official we
met we told them that as well as
military assistance intelligence
assistance diplomatic assistance we
wanted humanitarian assistance and I
said said to them find the fastest
safest and most efficient way to do so
we also told them it was really
important to and it's difficult we know
it's difficult but still we have to to
minimize civilian casualties also on
Sunday White House National Security
adviser Jake Sullivan said the Biden
Administration hopes to push a new
weapons package for Israel and Ukraine
through Congress that will be
significantly higher than $2
billion but how any Bill moves through
Congress currently without a speaker in
the US House of Representatives is
unclear