we have the latest next on the war
between Israel and Hamas for the first
time Israel is giving a potential
timeline for its ground offens of
interfa abiu aasen has the
latest Maryann a deadline has been set a
member of the Israeli War cabinet Benny
Gans says that if all the hostages are
not released by March 10th so in 3 weeks
time that the IDF troops will move into
Rafa here's what he had to
say the world must know
and Hamas leaders must know if by
Ramadan hostages are not home the
fighting will continue everywhere to
include Rafa
area we will do so in coordinated manner
facilitating the evacuation of civilians
facilitating the evacuation of 1.4
million Palestinians who are in Rafa we
are seeing images on the Eastern
Egyptian side I should say of the Gaza
border where Egypt is building a massive
cement wall it says it's for logistical
reasons to receive aid for Gaza it
denies that it is building an area to
hold Palestinians who may be pushed out
of Rafa Egypt has previously said it
will not facilitate the forced
displacement of Palestinians from Gaza
as Israel opposes the right of return
now there has been some reaction to
gans's statement about this uh IDF
ground incursion that could start on
March 10th the Irish foreign minister M
Martin says that this is inhumane Bernie
Sanders the US senator um has said that
this is unacceptable that the United
States continues uh to provide Military
Support to the IDF we know that in
recent months the United States has not
limited any of its military funding uh
to Israel given what's going on in Gaza
and we also know that the United States
has already said that it will veto a
draft resolution at the UN Security
Council on an immediate ceasefire and
the release of all hostages which is
being presented by the Algerian uh
delegation so the US providing some
diplomatic cover for Israel there from
the perspective of the Benjamin
Netanyahu coalition government this war
will not end until there is absolute
Victory they believe that there remain
several Hamas battalions in Rafa and
they say until all the hostages are
released their military offense will
continue uh as of right now Maryanne we
understand that more than 29,000
Palestinians have now been killed in
Gaza since October 7th and again 1.4
million uh people Sheltering in Rafa
amid aerial bombardment with nowhere to
go