evil disastrous terrorists these are the
terms used for Hamas a terrorist
organization that is behind the
terrorist attacks in Israel what you
don't know is that Israel helped in the
creation of Hamas now Gaza wasn't always
under Hamas until 1966 it was ruled by
Egypt but after the six day war between
Israel and Arab states Israel took over
Gaza in
1967 at that time Israel didn't think
much of shik Ahmed ISM Hassan yasid who
was a disabled Palestinian cleric and
the founder of us shik Ahmed ismile
hassin Yasin a Palestinian politician
hated the Palestinian Liberation
Organization PLO is internationally
recognized as the official
representative of the Palestinian people
it was headed by Arafat who claimed to
be secular and nationalist whereas Yas
was influenced by the Muslim
Brotherhood
but Israelis saw Arafat as a common
enemy and supported Shake Yasin in 1984
Israel arrested Yasin when he was found
storing weapons but soon let him go and
in 1987 in the midst of Palestinian
Uprising the very same Yasin formed
Hamas an Arabic acronym for Islamic
resistance movement by the 1990s Hamas
gained popularity amongst the masses and
it organized attacks on Israel even
killing Israeli soldiers Israel
assassinated yos on 22nd March 2004
along with nine other people but by then
this terrorist ideology had already been
popularized as Israel had fan it for the
preceding years many former officials
have expressed regret for this one
Israeli Commander admitted to funding
Hamas himself can you believe it Israeli
taxpayers inad supporting Hamas you know
Hamas if you look at the history you'll
find out that Hamas was encouraged and
really started by Israel because they
wanted Hamas to counteract Yasser
it was one of the major mistakes by
Israel that is now costing it very
heavily for more informative videos like
this keep watching India Today news MO