Basher Murad a Palestinian pop singer
has advanced to the finals of Iceland's
euro vision competition and is one of
the favorites in the music competition
bashid mad hopes to represent Iceland at
the Eurovision Song competition in May
his personal wish is to bring a
Palestinian voice to the event which
draws millions of Television viewers
Eurovision all set to take place from
May 7th to 11th in Sweden the
competition builds itself as a
non-political event and can disqualify
those it considers to be in breach of
this rule however given how the global
political backdrop frequently has a
strong impact on cultural events the
competition is expected to take place am
made demonstrations and boycotts over
the Gaza war that have affected cultural
events across
Europe even the recently concluded
Berlin movie festival witnessed
demonstrators on the red carpet
Eurovision Song competition organizers
have resisted calls for Israel to be
excluded from the competition however
last week they said that they were
scrutinizing the Israeli submissions
lyrics As the might reference to the
October 7th attack by Hamas
militants meanwhile Iceland will choose
its contestant on March 2nd when Murad
will also be one of the
participants M was born
lives in Jerusalem said it was difficult
to learn the song in Icelandic but he
saw some similarities to the Arabic
language his entry which is a wild west
tells the story of challenging
boundaries and chasing dreams Against
All
Odds the pop artist had also
collaborated in the past with Iceland's
past Eurovision act hatari known for
their outspoken opposition to Israeli
occupation and who have raised
Palestinian Flags due during the
appearance on the show held in Israel in
2019 the annual competition has been won
four times by Israel where it is popular
and often viewed as a barometer of the
country's standing
[Music]
internationally