more Gaza hostages were freed on
Wednesday Israel said the temporary
truths with Hamas militant group will
continue as mediation efforts continue
10 Israeli hostages arrived in Israel
among them five women three children and
two 18yearold
men
another four th hostages were also
released along with two women holding
dual Russian and Israeli citizenship
outside the terms of the deal the
release of the two women was described
by Hamas as in recognition of the
efforts of Russian President Vladimir
Putin in return according to Kat foreign
minister Israel released 30 Palestinians
14 women and 16 minors alongside
emotional reunions there were fresh
reminders of the tragic Stakes of the
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
conflict now Israel's Army stated that
it was probing a report by Hamas that a
10-month-old baby hostage his
four-year-old brother and their mother
all had been killed in bombing in Gaza
in a statement it said it is assessing
the accuracy of the information with
tensions High the Palestinian Health
Ministry in the West Bank stated that
the Israeli Army shot and killed an
8-year-old boy and a teenager the
military said troops had responded with
life fire after explosive devices had
been hurled at them the world food
program has warned gaza's population
faces a high risk of famine if the
humanitarian organization is not able to
provide continued access to food the
spokesman for the Hamas ran territories
Health Ministry said doctors found five
premature babies dead in Gaza City's al-
Naser
Hospital according to the United Nations
an estimated 1.7 million Palestinians in
Gaza have been forced to leave their
home so far more than half the
territory's population that
is
Theon is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move