it has been 30 hours since an
unprecedented Hamas attack on Israel
shook the world Israel has now declared
that it is in a state of fullblown or
Total War the death tool on both sides
is Rising by the minute and now the
leadership of Arab states have stepped
up diplomatic efforts to deescalate the
violence the Arab League Chief is now
headed to Moscow to hold talks with
Russian foreign minister Sarge lavro
according to a spokesperson for the
league of Arab states Ahmed Abu
who is also a former foreign minister of
Egypt will be discussing the rising
conflict in the Gaza Strip with the
Russian foreign minister shortly after
Hamas groups coordinated attack on
Israel Russia called for an immediate
end to the violence and arged both sides
to quote unquote exercise restraint the
Arab League Chief's visit comes just
today after the Hamas group launched a
surprise attack across 22 different
locations in Israel Israeli Defense
Forces shortly responded to the attack
carrying out Air Raids on the Gaza Strip
Israel's security cenet has now approved
and ratified a declaration of Total War
the country is now officially in a state
of full-blown war with the Hamas
militant group while the war has
escalated further the role of the Arab
League is now in the spotlight the 22
member block has largely called for a
deescalation of conflict but many
fingers have been pointed towards Iran
for baring Hamas and triggering a war
however West Asian leaders from Saudi
Arabia United Arab R and most
importantly Egypt have not openly
exhibited Brazen support for the attack
on Israel but the long overdue talks on
Israel palestine's two-state solution is
a sticking point for the Arab League
meanwhile the Arab League Chief's visit
to Russia of all Nations has also raised
eyebrows questions have Arisen what is
Russia's interest in this freshly
triggered War how does it pan out the
country's own Global standing as it
invades Ukraine and more importantly can
the leader of the Arab League and Russia
together help Israel and Palestinian
Authority reach a
consensus weon is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the
move