[Music]
well we're hearing quite a lot of
activity now you can obviously hear the
sirens uh we've been told by the Israeli
Defense Forces that they are prepared
for aario they warn that there would be
Sirens heard across Israel when these
drones started to come in we're also
hearing the sound of explosions as well
we've seen a lot of um what looked like
air defense interception systems over uh
Jerusalem and we've heard explosions as
well
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
in for
am
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
tonight Iran launched a large scale of
coordinated attack on Israel the regime
in Iran fired a massive swarm over 200
killer drones cruise missiles and
ballistic missiles towards the state of
Israel together with our allies and
partners across the region we are
operating at this very moment to defend
Israel from Iran's
attack thanks to an international
coordinated effort which the United
Kingdom participated in almost all of
these missiles were intercepted saving
lives not just in Israel but neighboring
countries like Jordan as
[Music]
well it's time to step back from the
brink it's vital to avoid any action
that could lead to major military
confrontations on multiple fronts in the
Middle
East civilians are already bearing the
brunt and paying the highest price
the president has made it clear we do
not seek a war with Iran we don't seek a
wider war in is direct attack off the
table is it off the table as the
president said we don't seek a war and
ballistic missiles drones and and cruise
missiles this is like a real war um I
mean this is a declaration of war not
not because
we are restrained and because we know
the repercussions and because we have
deliberations with our partners we are
considering all options and I'm quite
confident that we will take the
necessary steps that are necessary to
protect and defend our people we are not
war Seekers