good evening we begin tonight with the
growing violence in Haiti the country is
under a state of emergency and Caribbean
leaders are calling for support from
their allies including
Canada with gangs attempting to toppel
the government many foreigners are
desperate to find a way out ctv's Jeremy
Chiron has more on the chaos and the
Canadians stuck in the middle of
it gunfire on the streets of par PR
Haitians take cover amid growing clashes
between gangs and police
for a few weeks the country has not been
governed there is no Authority this man
says the airport shut down for days now
under frequent fire I can hear the shots
but there's nothing whistling overhead
so I know they're not shooting in our
Direction but it's well I wouldn't say
stressful it's worrying for this
Canadian caught in the middle of it
There Is No Escape desperate for a way
out David rosow has been unable to get a
flight out for a week now right now the
the bandits are they're just shooting up
the airport every once in a while to
keep it shut down rosow is here to help
train Farmers a project years in the
making now he's Sheltering away from the
chaos with no clear way out for the
moment we're fine it's if we have to go
and go to the grocery store get some
supplies then we're screwed or you know
there's more information that gets out
we could be kidnapped while we're going
down there or coming back on the ground
gangs launched attacks on police
stations
today if arel doesn't step down the
country will suffer a genocide says this
gang leader the embattled Prime Minister
has been forced to stay out of his
country for safety reasons what we have
seen uh over the last few days or week
is is is unusual in a sense that the
gang were usually controlling their
respective territories have started to
unite and Target some of the key
infrastructures the Canadian embassy has
closed to the public and US officials
have airlifted non-essential Personnel
from their Embassy Caribbean leaders
have called an emergency meeting in
Jamaica tomorrow to discuss the
situation Canada's ambassador to the
United Nations Bob Ray is expected to
attend John all right thanks Jeremy