we teach resistance and we teach the
Palestine that they will not take away
from
[Music]
us so Tates is the actual word of
Embroidery in Arabic is actually an art
a craft uh that is from Palestine it is
a cross stitch so as I am Palestinian
Spanish I grow up in the diaspora and
for me it was a way to not only connect
with my culture with my identity uh with
the need to to fill that connection but
also it is a way of uh resisting against
the attempts of the Israeli occupation
to erase us erase our people the
collective was born as our initiative to
preserve our identity as Palestinians as
a way to get close to our Palestinian
identity as we are being uh displaced as
a we have been erased our families but
also um it is a way for us to give
visibility to the culture
from a different lenses so in our
workshops we always make a really
emphasis on what the motives mean we
want to keep uh records of the motifs
and patterns from each of the cities and
we are right now focusing on gasa
because obviously what is happening
there are a lot of examples of cities
and towns that have been erased and we
preserve the motives by stitching it by
actually passing it to other people in
the workshops and hopefully with the
idea that hopefully will also pass it to
others in the future and that's how we
want to keep alive the culture so we
don't forget so if we can talk about the
first and the second in TI and even the
Sixth Day War uh Palestinian Flags they
were actually banned from you know you
could be arrested or you could be
actually killed so women they actually
um embroided what is called now the
intifa dress also Patrice became a very
important source of income for women so
as many uh men they were arrested or
they were killed and they were the the
main person who brings you know
financially supportting the family the
money to the house women have to learn
uh how to embroider to be able to sell
those products and actually uh be able
to support the family so in the face of
being trying to to be erased uh by the
Israeli occupation I believe that they
can destroy houses they can destroy
Villages as we are seen in gasa right
now but they will not erase our skills
they will not erase a craft and is
something that I would always carry with
me till I
die