ongoing Fallout from the Israeli air
strike that killed seven foreign aid
workers in Gaza which the IDF admits was
a mistake the US president is among
Western leaders expressing outrage at
the NATO meeting in Brussels today
Canada's foreign affairs minister
reiterated the call for an investigation
and we now know the names of the seven
who died including the Dual
canadian-american Jacob Flickinger let's
bring in ctv's Heather Wright with more
on the Canadian and Heather what can you
tell us about him
Sandy we know Jacob Flickinger was a
33-year-old dual citizen of Canada in
the United States he had been in Gaza
since early March volunteering with
World Central Kitchen helping to
distribute much needed food according to
a GoFundMe page set up to help his
family Flickinger leaves behind his
partner and a one-year-old baby boy
ambulance is carrying the bodies of some
of the aid workers crossed into Rafa
Egypt today as anger about this strike
grows and questions remain they were
Target systematically car by car Chef
Jose Andreas who started World Central
Kitchen says the team was initially hit
in one vehicle tried to escape to a
second and was eventually hit again in
the third they were targeting Us in at
the conflicting Zone in an area
controlled by ibf then knowing that was
our teams moving on that route with two
armor with three cars there are uncon
confirmed reports the Israelis believed
a Hamas militant was in the Convoy but
the IDF controls the area the team was
moving in and experts question why its
troops didn't stop the Convoy instead
why did they pull the trigger in the
first place um there were other options
open to them before they should have
fired the missile today foreign affairs
minister Melanie Jolie joined other
countries in calling for a full
investigation Israel needs to respect
International humanitarian law and we
will make sure that that is the case
Israel has apologized for this strike
calling it a tragic mistake but there
are concerns that it has set back
efforts to get more Aid into Gaza three
cargo ships have been turned around Aid
groups are operating much more
cautiously and the Red Cross says it is
nearly impossible to carry out work
safely Sandy ctv's hether right