tonight President Biden is at Camp David
the presidential retreat in Maryland
he'll spend Christmas there with his
family cbs's Erica Brown joins us from
the White House it's clearly a short
break for the president but no break for
those at War this holiday Erica good
evening Jerica and before he Departed
the president had a call with Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu as the
war with Hamas remains one of his
biggest challenges into
2024 how's the conversation with prime
minister I had a long talk with met now
today and this a private conversation as
he left the White House for the holidays
President Biden told reporters he did
not ask for a ceasefire in Gaza during
Saturday's call with Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu but as the
global deand for a ceasefire grows the
White House says the president did
emphasize the need to protect civilians
in Gaza as Israel intensifies its
offensive against Hamas this comes as
the Hamas run Gaza Health Ministry says
more than 20 20,000 Palestinians have
died since the start of the war and more
than 100 hostages captured in Israel
including eight Americans are still
believed to be held in Gaza from a
diplomatic standpoint we've been sending
mixed messages to Israel you know we we
talk about ceasefires we talk about
sending humanitarian Aid into Gaza we
talk about putting conditions on Aid the
war has also become a key political
issue for the 2024 presidential race a
recent CBS News poll says most Americans
dis approve of President Biden's
handling of the conflict now fears of a
wider regional conflict grow as the
Pentagon announced this weekend that the
Iranian backed houti militia group has
launched more than a dozen attacks on
Commercial vessels in the Red Sea Jerica
Erica Brown reporting from the White
House tonight thank you