and the United Nations security Council
welcoming a convene an emergency session
on Thursday this meeting is to discuss
the recent violence in Al-Aqsa mosque
the emergency session is being held at
the request of the United Arab Emirates
and this comes after clashes broke out
the Al-Aqsa mosque in Jerusalem for the
second time within a day now until now
the UNSC has had three emergency
sessions over the israel-palestine
conflict and this will be the fourth
since Netanyahu government came to power
on Wednesday night Israeli police in
Palestinians clashed yet again only
hours after
350 people were arrested in a police
raid please enter the Al-Aqsa compound
and try to evacuate the worshipers here
using stun grenades and rubber bullets
police officials said dozens of
youngsters brought stones and
firecrackers into the mosque as well
less than 24 hours before this police
had to resort to reading the mosque
reading the most part in me reading the
most to remove Mast agitators would lock
themselves inside this resulted in a
clash between Israeli police as well as
the agitators in which 12 protesters and
two policemen were injured Al-Aqsa
compound in Jerusalem's old city is
Islam's third holiest side where tens of
thousands pray during Ramadan the
clashes come Amit Ramadan and Eve of the
Jewish Passover holiday escalating
clashes between police and Palestinians
triggered protests in Gaza demonstrators
waved a mass Flags carried placards
burned tires here the clashes also
triggers scores of people Gathering
outside Israeli missions in Turkish
cities of Ankara and Istanbul they
chanted slogans against the Israeli
police trade at Jerusalem's Al-Aqsa
mosque
protesters they called for immediate end
to the violence
[Music]
Rion is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move