Qatar has become the lead mediator in
the Middle East its strategy in the
recent Israel Gaza conflict has been to
reach out to all sides Western countries
like the US France and the UK have no
direct links with Hamas and have labeled
it a terrorist organization and have
turned to Qatar as their key negotiator
in this conflict in this particular
instance uh I want to thank the
government of cutter for their very
important assistance on October 13th
welcomed the US Secretary of State who
was on a Whistle Stop tour of the Middle
East the next day Hamas and Iranian
officials also met in the qari capital
the Gulf State has also been at the
heart of multiple talks on the release
of hostages and humanitarian pauses in
Gaza most recently in the meeting with
the Mad Chief David Baria and CIA
director William Burns who visited the
qari Prime Minister Kata has positioned
itself after the Arab Spring as a a
mediator and a hub for basically
building building networks connecting
different actors that would not be able
to meet directly the Gulf State is
leading a careful Balancing Act it hosts
the largest US military base in the
Middle East whilst hamas's political
office sits just a few kilometers away
in Doha where it has been located since
2012 the state has been accused of
financing terrorism and it also has a
deal with Hamas to provide funding for
its civil
servants our salaries are paid by the
government of K and we're thankful for
that qari Aid also extends to the Gaza
population its government built new
housing units to replace those destroyed
in Israeli air strikes and has sent
humanitarian Aid to the
strip
sental a and food items for our brothers
in Gaza Israel has tacitly allowed Qatar
to funnel money into Gaza but the Jewish
State strategy has ultimately proved to
be a failure