blood stre flaws and screams of
Agony another Gaza Hospital Teeters on
the brink of
collapse we are on the verge of a real
catastrophe which if it happens we will
not have a single opportunity to provide
any medical services to our people who
will be left to die in the streets the
alaa hospital is the only medical
facility still functioning in central
Gaza but under increased threat of
Israeli bombardment
International Medical groups along with
almost all of its staff and patients
have been forced to flee this hospital
has currently operating with about 30%
of the staff that it had just a few days
ago um they are seeing in some cases
hundreds of casualties every day in a
small emergency department uh yesterday
they said they had one doctor working
overnight the everpresent danger from
the Israeli military has sent the
humanitarian situation in Gaza spiraling
to depths rarely seen this Century the
UN says the time to avoid a famine is
running out disease is spreading and at
least 2 million of the enclaves 2.3
million residents have been forcibly
displaced my children and I sleep with
those three blankets we put one on the
ground and use the other one as a cover
seven people in total live in one tent
Israel says its war on Gaza will
continue for at least a year at current
Pace that could mean the complete
destruction of the strip and thousands
more
fatalities where are the human rights
enough of this Injustice children are
dying the elderly where is the world
where is the International Community
Western diplomats are again visiting the
region in another attempt to stop the
conflict growing into what US Secretary
of State Anthony blinkin has called an
endless cycle of violence that endless
cycle however has clearly already begun
Isabella bu trt
world