[Music]
US President Donald Trump has called it
the deal of the century formulated
without Palestinian input trance
middle-east plan has gone down well with
Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu and on this day you too have
charted a brilliant future a brilliant
future for Israelis Palestinians and the
region by presenting a realistic path to
a durable peace the proposal initially
received tentative support from several
Arab countries with ambassadors from the
UAE Oman and Bahrain
attending the announcement in Washington
in January but the Arab League has since
unanimously rejected the plan which
envisions of Palestinian capital outside
Jerusalem under this vision Jerusalem
will remain Israel's undivided undivided
capital Israel would also retain its
illegal settlements in the West Bank and
control the border with Jordan the Arab
League says any deal must be based on
Palestine 1967 borders with Jerusalem as
the capital
in Palestine transplant has led to
widespread demonstrations one think tank
says 94% of Palestinians opposed Trump's
proposal and almost two-thirds now back
armed resistance raising concerns that
the so called peace plan could lead to
another Intifada at the UN Security
Council Palestinian President Mahmoud
Abbas abandoned a vote against the
initiative as US pressure had rendered a
majority unlikely I'm really really well
Amna what a sinner
when he has a fan in Ireland not Bolivia
question why do you hope not because
other are the world and he who Lhasa to
mushroom and the d40 Melania well has it
down and let me show you Hannah
he has three years but Israel says a
pass is part of the problem and peace
can only be reached if he steps down he
comes here to the UN it pretends to be
committed to peace but he remains
committed to incitement back home before
he left
Abbas encouraged Palestinians to riot
and engage in violence against Israelis
is it surprising that Palestinians on
mass have rejected a deal which sides
with Israel on nearly all of the
disputed issues and if Israel really
wants an equitable peace shouldn't it
quite literally give more ground haven't
let's the newsmakers
[Music]