now the recent change of government in
the UK seems to be ushering in not only
an economic shift but also a foreign
policy shift it seems the UK is now
backing down from a controversial move
proposed by former prime minister Liz
truss to move its Embassy from Tel Aviv
to Jerusalem this book's posted for the
new British prime minister Rishi sunak
has said that there is currently no plan
to relocate the UK's diplomatic Mission
out of Tel Aviv the statement has been
welcomed by the Palestinian authorities
in fact the Palestinian Envoy to London
has said the idea should never have been
discussed in the first place
now this essentially means that the
British government is now making a
U-turn on a pledge earlier made by sunox
predecessor Liz truss who had promised
to consider the issue just before she
was forced to dimit office last month
now trust had personally assured Israeli
Prime Minister yolapid in September that
she was evaluating the possibility of
transferring the UK Embassy from Tel
Aviv to Jerusalem a proposal not only
bitterly opposed by Palestine but one
that got trust a great deal of flack
from ambassadors of various Arab
countries who even wrote to trust urging
her to abandon the plan interestingly
the current British prime minister was
not always opposed to the idea just in
August of this year Rishi sunak had
mentioned at a conservative friends of
Israel event that Jerusalem was
indisputably the historic capital of
Israel and that there was a very strong
case for moving the UK Embassy there
though he also acknowledged the
sensitivities over the issue he said if
it was that easy it would have been done
by now however former U.S president
Donald Trump went against a Decades of
the U.S policy by recognizing Jerusalem
as Israel's Capital the U.S opened an
embassy in the city in 2018 the move was
obviously welcomed by Israel and heavily
criticized by the Arab world and Western
allies
we are now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move