chaos and confusion in Gaza threatening
to derail a return of Israeli hostages
and those ceasefire efforts foreign
correspondent Tom supi Burge has the
latest this morning Israeli drone video
showing thousands of desperate gazin
surging towards a convoy of humanitarian
trucks Israeli tanks clearly visible
there the IDF says to protect the Convoy
tanks firing warning shots to disperse
what is r officials called a threatening
crowd the idea claiming self-defense
saying when people who rushed the Convoy
got too close to the tanks they opened
fire the Hamas rung and health Ministry
calling it a massacre adding that at
least 100 people were killed and more
than 700 injured Israeli officials
claiming tens of those who were killed
were crushed by the trucks and trampled
by the crowd this man saying Israeli
tanks came out and open fire on people
randomly and directly adding if Aid is
to come to us in this way we do not want
it we press that's the IDF people simply
went to get food in in an area where
there is a desperate humanitarian need
and they were shot dead this is the
tragedy of this war people should not be
approaching our forces the death toll in
Gaza now more than 30,000 according to
the Hamas run Gaza and health Ministry
ammed telling me more than a hundred of
his relatives were killed in Gaza
earlier this month including his three
young
daughters they were like golden treasure
to me he says
well the US now considering airdropping
Aid into Gaza in the distance there in
the last few moments we've heard
multiple explosions and President Biden
reacting to those tragic scenes in
Northern Gaza saying it will complicate
negotiations to get a ceasefire and free
more hostages Biden still hopeful for a
deal hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching