um the tactics of the Israeli Defense
Force I just think is
disproportionately evil um and we've got
to protest and I want to make sure that
people in Gaza do get to hear that the
world is listening and the world is
protesting about what's going on
[Applause]
there
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
fre
1 2 3
4
[Music]
6 our government needs to recognize that
what is happening in Gaza is a genocide
and to call for an immediate and
permanent ceas fight we're here to show
our leaders and our politicians that we
are in a democracy and they don't speak
for us um when they decide not to back a
ceasefire when they decide to continue
to export arms to Israel when they
decide to drop air strikes on Yemen
those are not decisions that speak for
us and I'm here to voice that
frustration and I think in years to come
it's going to be one that a lot of
people are kicking themselves and saying
we should have been on the right side of
history back then so I quite frankly
want to be on the right side of history
now eventually the government will have
to listen to this because the majority
of the British public is demanding for
this and we hope democracy holds up
unless we are becoming an autocratic
State uh then this will obviously
continue and we also on the second part
concerned that Britain and America now
is escalating the war in the region with
the bombing of in Yemen and we hope this
this is a very dangerous situation and
we have to curb this war that our
government is taking um the tactics of
the Israeli Defense Force I just think
is
disproportionately evil um and we've got
to protest and I want to make sure that
people in Gaza do get to hear that the
world is listening and the world is
protesting about what's going on
[Music]
there a