and after lowering the interest rates
for the first time since the peak of the
pandemic in 2020 the Israeli Central
Bank issued a warning the central bank
said that the government's fiscal
response to the Hamas War runs the
danger of increasing national debt and
that may obstruct further monetary
easing in the country the monetary
committee on Monday ended a pause in
place since July and lowered its key
rate to
4.5% from 4.75% % as predicted by most
economists markets are betting rates
will fall below 3.4% by the end of
2024 according to an updated view from
the research division of the Central
Bank Israel is expected to run a larger
budget deficit then anticipated in
November the predicted budgetary cost of
the war have also been revised upward to
around 210 billion shekels which is
around 58
billion Governor Amir yaron calling for
adjustments that cut back expenditure
and also boost income said that a risky
fiscal policy can affect rate decisions
moving forward he added that if the
markets perceive that Israel is moving
towards a prolonged path of rising debt
it's likely to lead to increased yields
depreciation and inflation such that a
higher Central Bank interest rate will
be
required and this decision signals
priorities are starting to shift in
favor of supporting the economy after an
effort by policy makers to steady
markets following the attack by Hamas on
October 7th the focus has changed with a
Slowdown in inflation and local assets
recouping their losses the shekel staged
the world's biggest rally versus the
dollar in the past two months gaining
over 12% but the differences with the
government may prove critical to what
happens next as officials reshape the
budget during war
[Music]
time