as the conflict with Hamas it became a
major drag on GDP the Israeli Central
Bank it's now lowered its economic forus
and it also maintained that its focus on
propping up the domestic currency
Remains the shekel by holding interest
interest rates steady now the research
division of the of the Bank of Israel to
revised its GDP growth forecasts for
2023 and 20124 downward on Monday now
Governor Amir yon subsequently stated
that larger War would damage the
forecast which is based on the
assumption that the battle will be
restricted in the country's South I'm
quoting that the longer and The Wider
the economy shut down the greater
economic impact of the
war yon added clearly a longer or
shorter time span and developments in
the war to other Arenas will change the
estimates substantially this is a quote
directly from him now along with the
updated projections the monetary
committee maintained that its Benchmark
at
4.75% remains for a Third Street meeting
the shekel fell to Mark the worst losing
streak since 1984 since the Hamas attack
on Israel on October 7th murdered Hamas
militants took hundreds hostage and
murdered several in Israel and triggered
retaliatory bombings in Gaza the shle
has fallen every single day since then
with a decline of about 6% versus the
dollar this month it's among the worst
performing currencies in the world
credit default swaps or the cost to
insure sure against default of Israeli
10year bonds Rose to their highest level
in 11 years Israel's economy is reeling
from a crisis That Shook Bond and
currency markets and wiped off almost $1
199 billion in market value from the
country's main stock index as a result
in an unprecedented move the central
bank has promised to sell as much as
3030 billion to prop up the shekel
meanwhile the government is preparing a
large wartime stimulus program which may
increase the budget deficit to 3.5% of
[Music]
GDP