we're starting this broadcast with A
continuous coverage of the ongoing war
in Israel the state's Army aims to
evacuate all Israelis living close to
the Gaza Strip within 24 hours after
more than 300 Israelis were killed in a
surprise attack in Gaza 2 around 300
people have lost their lives we are just
getting local media reports that Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is
holding a high level security meeting as
we speak the defense minister and army
Chief of Staff are in attendance among
other senior officials once the meeting
wraps up we will be getting you what has
been discussed in Tel Aviv our
correspondent Jordi Gohan gets you the
latest from ranana
Israel Hamas have killed over 300
Israeli civilians and around 30 Soldiers
the Israel Defense Forces say they've
killed 400 terrorists in Gaza and in
Israel in on the ground fighting in 22
locations in the latest us have
reportedly hijacked a car and are
heading towards Tel Aviv the IDF have
managed to Take Back Control of most
locations where Hamas were in Israel and
to have rescued many hostages however
Hamas are thought to have taken
potentially up to 100 hostages into Gaza
including a child aged 2 years old
Hezbollah in Lebanon have now joined the
fighting sending Rockets into Northern
Israel a state of Emer
has been declared across the whole of
Israel with only essential Services open
and reservists coed up and as you can
see behind me the streets are quieter
than usual President Biden has said the
US have offered their full backing to
Israel and Secretary of State Anthony
blinken has called on Palestinian
Authority president Mahmud Abbas to
condemn the attacks this is jod Cohen
for weon world is
one
[Music]