now the ongoing Israel Hamas War it's
prompted some of the prominent members
of Hollywood to take a stand in a recent
event Angelina Jolie's father John Wy
has publicly slammed her his daughter
for her comments on the war in a 3
minute long video that has gone viral on
social media John W publicly claimed
that he was disappointed with his
daughter Angelina Jolie for her
anti-israel stance with the American
flag in the backdrop he captioned the
video truth and
lies I'm very disappointed that my
daughter like so many has no
understanding of God's honor God's
truths this is about destroying the
history of God's land the Holy Land the
land of the Jews this is Justice for
God's Children of the Holy Land Israel
the Israeli
Army must protect thy soil thy people
This Is War it's not going to be what
the left thinks it can't be civil now
Israel was attacked by inhuman Terror on
innocent babies
[Music]
mothers last week Jolie became one of
the prominent figures to voice her
concerns about the ongoing War where she
said I'm quoting her what happened in
Israel is an act of Terror but that
cannot justify The Innocent Lies lost in
bombing a civilian population in Gaza
that is nowhere to go no access to food
or water no possibility of evacuation
not even the basic human right to cross
a border to seek Refuge she further
stated that Gaza has been an open air
prison for nearly two decades and as far
becoming a mass Grave by refusing to
demand a humanitarian ceasefire and
blocking the UN Security Council from
imposing one on both parties world
leaders are complicit in the
crimes Von is now available in your
country download the app now get all the
news on the move