dozens of right-wing activists protested
outside the Ana headquarters in
Jerusalem Monday demanding that the UN
organization tasked with providing
relief to Palestinian refugees cease
operations we have here the headquarters
of an organization part of whose members
a large part are terrorists there is no
difference between unra in Gaza and unra
in Jerusalem it's the same organization
with the same views and the same
educational materials the protest comes
after Israeli authorities alleged that
12 of Ana's 13,000 employees in Gaza
participated in hamas's October 7th
attack the office of the UN Secretary
General has announced an investigation
to assess Ana's ability to ensure
neutrality and respond to allegations of
serious breaches former French foreign
minister krine Kona will oversee the
investigation which will be carried out
by three Scandinavian research
organizations the group is due to submit
an intern report before the end of March
in the meantime anoa faces a severe
budget crisis as more than a dozen
countries including the US have
suspended donations because of the
allegations the crisis comes as millions
of gazin go desperately hungry are at
risk of disease and are forced to sleep
in crude shelters or even the streets
amid continuing Israeli bombardment we
hope that uh donors uh have taken clear
notice of the Swift action taken by the
Secretary General we also encourage
other member states who may not have
given to unoa in the past or had given
in the past but have not given recently
and have the ability to do so to show
generosity Ana has said that without new
funding it could be forced to cease
operations by the end of the month