now 12 days after being missing
following an Israeli shelling off a
family car the body of six-year-old hin
rajab has been found along with the
bodies of five of her family members
rajab was fleeing the city in a car with
her aunt uncle and three cousins when
they came under Fire from Israeli tanks
and her plea for someone to rescue her
ended when her phone line was cut on
with the sound of heavy gunfire our
report gets you more take a
look
this was the moment six-year-old hind
rajab begged for rescue she was trapped
by Israeli fire on Saturday relatives
found her body along with five of her
family members days after her call for
help they were still in a car in Gaza
Tel alawa suburb that's according to the
official Palestinian waa news agency the
bodies of two ambulance workers who had
gone to save hind were also found the
agency accused isra rail of deliberately
targeting the ambulance and a
spokesperson said the ambulance team had
told them occupation forces aimed a
laser beam at them nebble
farac for 3 hours we were on the phone
with Hind and she was begging our crew
come take me come take
me unfortunately we were not able to get
to the girl directly because the area
had Israeli occupation vehicles in it we
waited until we coordinated and were
granted the green light the red crescent
crew went to the location after
coordination with the Israeli occupation
unfortunately the occupation
intentionally targeted the crews of the
red crescent despite prior
coordination the plight of hind
underlined The Impossible conditions for
civilians in the face of Israel's
four-month assault on Gaza The War Began
on October the 7th when Hamas Fighters
attacked Israel killing 1,200 people and
seizing 253 hostages according to
Israeli tallies Israel's military has
killed more than 28,000 people according
to Gaza Health authorities Israel says
it takes steps to avoid civilian
[Music]
casualties