for those just driving by haara seems
like a ghost town on its Main Street
there are no people our shops are closed
garbage piles up only Israeli soldiers
walk around since the beginning of the
war Palestinians have been forbidden to
work walk or drive on the Main Street of
this Arab town in the West
Bank we cannot even reach a medical
center Cent we cannot have access to any
shops we cannot have access to hospitals
we cannot have access to ambulances we
are shut completely down of any
livelihood in this
road ha has been a focus of violence in
the West Bank the town is cut off by the
main road that crosses the West Bank
from north to south linking important
cities like ramala and Nablus
it is also surrounded by many Jewish
settlements before the war between
Israel and Hamas broke out
confrontations between settlers and
Palestinians were common here with
deaths on both sides the soldiers and
the settlers they come to to the street
in h and start throwing Rock start
throwing bombs to us and they make us
close we cannot open we cannot have no
our business we cannot open it with the
escalation of violence Israeli forces
now are preventing Palestinians from
Crossing from one side of ha to the
other by car almost all the streets that
link to the inner parts of town have
been blocked off there's only one point
in the central part of the town where
residents can cross on
food AA is now divided into sections the
upper part has some capabilities has
some
supermarkets the municipality is on that
side so people can Sur
our site is really suffering we don't
have shops
clinics the Israeli government built a
new road to bypass the main street of ha
but so far the Israeli cars keep flowing
through the middle of the Town y shaa
news ha West
Bank