down the Streets of London have turned
into a multicolored sea of red black and
green another week and another protest
as the capital comes out in support for
Palestine almost 6 months on from
October the 7th with a death toll ever
rising and a humanitarian crisis
unfolding the pressure is mounting from
cities across the world cuz my
parents my parents are both Holocaust
Survivors
and
so it's important you know to uh I think
you know the Holocaust is being
weaponized you know as an excuse for
that the Israelis need this this war to
destroy Gaza and I just don't buy that
you know this is genocide as much as the
Holocaust was
genocide despite the groundbreaking
adoption of a un Security Council
resolution demanding an immediate
ceasefire in Gaza the war continues to
frustrate and anger people across the
globe I'm here because I'm outraged
about the genocide that's going on in
Gaza and I don't think that's too strong
a word for it killed 30,000 people 2% of
the gazan population it's outrageous and
our government should be doing a lot
more I'm glad that they voted at the UN
for a ceasefire but they should be
putting an arms embargo on the state of
Israel to stop this
genocide whether the government like it
or not this protest movement is making a
difference for almost 6 months now the
people of the United Kingdom have been
taking to the streets of Central London
to demand an immediate ceasefire in Gaza
and of course this year is a general
election year and activists say that MPS
can no longer ignore the issue of
Palestine we just have to make
politicians realize that that we can't
be
silenced that we have principles and we
won't just shut
up you with the onslaught in Gaza raging
on tensions can be felt beyond the
region and around the planet Western
governments are applying Force to clamp
down on protest action with arrests on
the rise today also coincides with land
day observed every year since
1976 on March the 30th marking and
protesting against Israel's confiscation
of Palestinian land here in Paris
activists stay to die in representing
the rising deaths and it's this plight
of the Palestinians both past and
present that continues to Galvanize
people onto the streets shardi Edward
sashley trt World
London