the US Senate has advanced a 95.3 4
billion bill that provides financial aid
to Ukraine Israel and Taiwan it's
finally been passed right now the
passage of the bill took place after the
Senators backed the motion by 67 to 32
votes exceeding the 60 vote threshold to
advance this bill and surprisingly the
Republican Senators to voted in favor of
the bill now the security Aid of course
this is the bill it passed in the Senate
includes $61 billion for Ukraine as it
battles of fullscale Russian invasion
$14 billion for Israel in its war
against the H against Hamas and $ 4.83
billion to support its allies in the
indo-pacific region such as Taiwan the
aid approved by the Senate will also
provide 9.15 billion dollar as
humanitarian assistance to civilians
bearing the brunt of war in the Gaza
Strip and West Bank now leaders of the
Democratic Senate majority Chuck Schumer
called The Passage a first good step for
the national security and for the
security of the friends of the United
States it's a very good thing that the
Senate has just voted to proceed to the
National Security
Supplemental this is a good first step
this bill is essential for our national
security for the security of our friends
in Ukraine in Israel for humanitarian
aid for innocent civilians in Gaza and
for Taiwan the bill also strengthens our
military at a time when they need it
most the aid bill passed by the US
Senate has sent ripples across the globe
Russia and China specifically termed the
aid Bill Washington's interference in
the Affairs of other nations while one
of the NATO allies Poland criticized the
Republican Senators for blocking the aid
for war on Ukraine all this while
significantly the Democratic senators
raked up the aid bill after the
Republicans blocked the reforms over the
issue of border security
[Music]