Jacob Flickinger was a new father a
Canadian veteran now his family is
working to bring his body home from Gaza
he believed very strongly that the work
he was doing was important especially in
this case knowing that there was
starvation out there Flickinger was one
of the seven Aid workers killed by a
series of Israeli air strikes on their
aid Convoy in Gaza on Monday born in
Sorge Quebec to a Quebec mom and an
American Dad he spent more than a decade
in the Canadian Army including a tour in
Afghanistan this fall he decided to use
his military training and joined the
world Central Kitchen to help the
nonprofit with Logistics and security
their Convoy was marked clearly
marked um and they are on a well-used
humanitarian
route so in my opinion it was a targeted
kill flickinger's parents say they're
mourning but they're also Angry World
Central Kitchen says its Aid Convoy had
just dropped off Food Supplies in a
central Gaza Warehouse when it was hit
by Precision strikes this despite
coordinating its movements with the
Israeli Army beforehand and traveling
within a deconflict Zone we call for a
full investigation Israel needs to
respect International humanitarian law
the strikes also killed an Australian
polish and three British Nationals as
well as a Palestinian sparking
International condemnation Israel's
military says an independent body will
investigate it was a mistake that
followed a
misidentification at night during a war
in a very complex conditions it
shouldn't have happened that's not good
enough for Jacob flickinger's parents
the people who are suffering now are the
innocent on both sides the civilians and
it's continuing a cycle that will never
end
unless we make a break with this
violence the family has set up a
fundraising campaign to help
flickinger's wife an 18-month-old son as
they adjust to a life without him Sarah
Levitz CBC News Montreal