Canada's prime minister is among those
who have called for humanitarian pauses
in the fighting and it now looks like
the US Israel's most important Ally is
going to do the same for the first time
President Joe Biden voiced support for
the idea on Wednesday his secretary of
state will be in Israel tomorrow our
Washington bureau chief Jackson prco is
with me Jackson what are we expecting
his message to Israel will
be hi Donna in the view of the US a
pause would allow hostages and foreign
Nationals out of Gaza and humanitarian
Aid in the White House says it's pushing
the Israeli government for as many
pauses as necessary to accomplish those
goals US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin is tonight on route to Israel
where he's expected to press prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu directly
notable here is the language the US is
increasingly Direct in demanding that
civilians be protected the Americans
believe they can extract concessions
from Netanyahu because of the solidarity
they've shown with Israel so far we've
seen in recent days Palestinian
civilians continue to Bear the brunt of
this uh this action uh and it's
important that the United States is
committed to making sure everything
possible is done to protect civilians
the US says it also wants discussions to
focus on what happens after the current
conflict the Americans view a two-state
solution as the only way forward in the
long term the timing is delicate the
leader of Hezbollah hamas's Ally in
Lebanon is expected to address the
conflict for the first time during a
speech on Friday no doubt it will be
watched closely by the Americans for
hints about whether a wider Regional war
is in the making Donna all right Jackson
prco in Washington thanks