u.s president joe biden spoke to the
israeli prime minister naftali bennett
over the phone discussing nuclear talks
the russia ukraine crisis and a visit to
israel later this year
the timing of this phone call is crucial
joe biden has accepted an invitation to
visit israel at a time when the iran
nuclear talks have entered a crucial
period
israel remains concerned that any
possible deal in vienna will be less
effective than the 2015 one it is worth
noting that this is the first
conversation between biden and bennett
in over three months
the last time they spoke was during the
cop 26 summit in glasgow
the white house said in a statement that
the two leaders discussed the shared
security and other challenges
in the middle east region including the
threat posed by iran and its proxies
biden also conveyed his unwavering
support for israel's security meanwhile
bennett congratulated biden during the
call for the raid that killed the top
isis leader abu ibrahim al-hashmi
al-qureshi
last week
the u.s leader had hosted bennett at the
white house last year where the two had
put up a united front
the nuclear talks are set to resume in
vienna this week meanwhile israel says
any nuclear deal will damage its ability
to deal with iran's nuclear program
bennett stressed that israel is
reinforcing its military option against
iran maintaining freedom of action with
or without an agreement between iran and
other world powers
for more on this our correspondent jodi
kohan sent us this report from ranana in
israel take a look
[Music]
with the iran nuclear deal talks set to
resume on tuesday and the u.s restoring
some sanctions relief to iran's civilian
atomic program president biden held his
third phone call with the israeli prime
minister since bennett took office in
june 2021. the phone call came on the
same day as a speech in which bennett
accused iran of ramping up attacks in
west asia even as it is negotiating and
said that israel will maintain its
freedom to act to defend the region
against iran this is jody cohen for we
on world is one
we are now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move