all right big news now coming in US
President Joe Biden is all set and most
likely at least to visit Israel and this
will happen barely 24 hours from now on
Wednesday US President Joe Biden who was
being invited by Benjamin Netanyahu on a
solidarity visit is visiting Israel
Biden has said we stand in solidarity
with Israel but interestingly according
to my information Biden will possibly
visit both Israel and Palestine Biden
has said will address the humanitarian
needs and that would be in Jordan also
likely a visit being scheduled Biden has
posted on a statement on social media VI
his office I quoted here on Wednesday I
will travel to Israel to stand in
solidarity in the face of hamas's brutal
terror attack I'll then travel to Jordan
to address the dire humanitarian needs
meet with the leaders and make a make it
very clear that
Hamas uh stands with regard to
Palestinians right to sell self
determination as well and but however
okay I correct myself that Biden has
said that Hamas does not stand for
Palestinians right to self-determination
that Hamas does not represent
palestine's fight or palestine's cause
and there is a difference between Hamas
and Palestinians so of course solidarity
remember as us has said both for Israel
and for Palestine to
exist
President Biden will again make clear as
he's done unequivocally since hamas's
Slaughter of more than 1400 People
Israel has the right and indeed the duty
to defend its people from Hamas and
other terrorists President Biden will
underscore our crystal clear message to
any actor state or non-state trying to
take advantage of this crisis to attack
Israel don't to that end he's deployed
two aircraft carrier groups and other
military assets to the region
the president will continue to
coordinate closely with our Israeli
Partners to secure the release of
hostages taken by Hamas President Biden
will receive a comprehensive brief on
Israel's war aims and strategy the
president will hear from Israel how it
will conduct its operations in a way
that minimizes civilian casualties and
enables humanitarian assistance to flow
to civilians in Gaza