we have created here an installation
called empty buggies and it's really a
way for us to stand in solidarity with
Israel at this dark traumatic time and
we are particularly paying attention to
the 30 children that are currently being
held hostage by Hamas in Gaza I just
think it's to show the world the picture
of a buggy with no one in it maybe it
will touch people's hearts to understand
these are kids they're not militants
they didn't do anything to hurt anyone
in their
lives and they were taken and they were
murdered we have babies we don't know if
they're getting breast milk any milk are
they still alive we know young girls
being raped over there we are also
hoping that the symbol of an empty buggy
could be something that resonates around
the world to parents who can't imagine
what it would be like to lose their
child um to the brutality of her M I
live in England for the last 23 years my
dad's British my mom's Israeli I have
three kids two of them were in summer
camp this year in Israel and as we were
looking at at the news my son said Mommy
why is Ohad on the news he played with
me during summer camp they were in a
multiport summer camp Inaba the middle
of
Israel
and he went to visit his grandparents in
n o and he was kidnapped and we don't
know anything about his well-being or
what's going on with him it's his ninth
birthday
tomorrow and hearing that just broke my
heart and trying to explain it to my son
who was too scared to go to sleep alone
yesterday knowing that his friend isn't
home anymore asking are we safe here can
Kamas attack us here as well can Rockets
get here it's just a hard breaking
situation this is our call to put
pressure on Kamas to release the
hostages and get them home with their
families