Israel almost immediately after the vote
decided to cancel the trip by two senior
government advisers to go to Washington
to discuss what should be done next in
Rafa obviously the Americans have been
putting pressure on Israel not to launch
a ground offensive Benyamin Netanyahu
the Israeli Prime Minister saying that
he would certainly do so but those
discussions Were Meant to have gone
ahead to see whether some sort of
compromised position could could be
found uh the Israelis in response to
that resolution and the fact the United
States uh abstained in the vote uh
decided not to send those two senior
government ministers uh consternation in
Washington uh although it has to be said
that UAV Galant the defense minister of
Israel is in Washington at the moment
and should be starting talks any moment
Now with uh Lloyd Austin the uh
Secretary of State for uh defense in the
US uh so that will be going on but I
imagine the United States will be saying
to uh galand what on Earth is going on I
mean why did you decide to cancel uh
that visit because it's such an
important one and at the same time as
that as you mentioned in your
introduction uh the the Israelis uh are
reducing the scale of their delegation
in Kata where the negotiations have been
going on on a possible deal uh and in
the meantime uh Hamas seems to be
toughening its own stance according to
the Israelis because of that resolution
the Israelis claim that Hamas has been
emboldened now to back away from uh the
idea of uh uh a an immediate ceasefire
with hostage releases and exchange of
prisoners uh and is putting forward its
most you know it's original on very
tough terms which are a comprehensive
ceasefire which Pro presumably means a
permanent ceasefire the complete
withdrawal of Israeli troops from Gaza
uh the return of displac people in Gaza
to their homes in the north and
elsewhere uh and a full exchange of what
the what Hamas calls prisoners in other
words the hostages for Palestinians held
in Israeli jails as far as the Israelis
are concerned that is just a
nonstarter uh as you mentioned in your
introduction uh prime minister Netanyahu
called those demands absolutely
delusional and wouldn't even be
considered