u.s. President Trump has been questioned
over an inaccurate map of Hurricane
Doreen's past that appeared to be
altered with a sharpie a Trump displayed
the map during a storm briefing
yesterday a marker circled incorrectly
extended Doreen's projected path towards
Alabama and the Gulf of Mexico Trump
later told reporters that he didn't know
anything about the changes on the map
but claimed original forecast called for
Alabama to be impacted by the hurricane
[Music]
I know that Alabama was in the original
forecast they thought it would get it as
a piece of it it was supposed to go
actually we have a better map than that
which is going to be presented where we
had many lines going directly many
models each line being a model and they
were going directly through and in all
cases Alabama was hit so the president
defended himself on Twitter over this
citing the original forecast to argue
that he was correct with more on this I
want to bring in the Washington Post
White House editor Dave Clark good
morning Dave morning I should also
mention that the Birmingham Alabama
branch of the National Weather Service
put out a message saying that Alabama
will not see any impacts from durian we
repeat no impacts from hurricane during
will be felt across Alabama president
Trump really is globbing on to this this
is pretty serious stuff because lives
can be affected by an incorrect forecast
where do you think he's getting his
information and why is he sticking to
his guns well I think the answer your
second question is that he does not like
to admit mistakes and he feels like he's
under siege he's getting a lot of
criticism for his tweet saying that
hurricane was going to hit Alabama so as
in most cases rather than either admit a
mistake or just move on he's doubling
down and so we see he's tweeting about
this morning we had the map yesterday
where the White House has acknowledged
that someone took a sharpie and extended
the hurricane cone of
it's called danger and so he just he's
his reaction is always to double down
rather than to admit a mistake or move
down and and that's what we're seeing
here and this has now been going on
since Monday during which time you know
the hurricane has devastated the Bahamas
and is also now hitting the u.s. East
Coast pretty hard
yeah it's intensifying okay