so it is a quieter than usual Christmas
the main churches even in Jerusalem in
fact have taken a decision to tone down
the celebrations in solidarity for the
people that are suffering in the
Palestinian territories and our
correspondent Jord K has sent us this
report this is Jerusalem's oldest city
that houses a Christian quarter a
quarter that has hundreds of years of
History
[Music]
it contains roughly 40 holy places and
is one of the most important sites for
Christians throughout the
world according to reports the Christian
Community in Israel has grown by almost
47% since the
1950s there are usually lots of
celebrations with Christmas trees on
display and a bustling traditional
Market located by by the old City's
Newgate but following the October 7th
attack that broke out the Israel Hamas
War the church organizations decided
that the celebrations this year would be
private much like the recent Hanukkah
celebrations B gave out free Christmas
trees to families they said souring the
trees this year was harder than usual
this as the attacks burned many of the
tree
farms in a statement to weon Jerusalem's
Deputy Mayor responsible for foreign
affairs said that the city sanctifies
the freedom of worship although it is in
the middle of a war and celebrations are
somewhat dampened they're making sure
that Christmas remains special this year
we've in the circumstances of a
war and lots of people have been killed
on both sides
and lot of Destruction a lot of
brutality and so we
cannot celebrate in the normal way the
prime minister's wife Sara Netanyahu
wrote a letter to the pope urging his
personal intervention to call for the
release of the 129 hostages remaining in
Gaza she specifically mentioned about
the Abduction of Noah agamani who was
kidnapped at the Nova Festival her
mother is battling stage four brain
cancer and has suggested that her one
wish is to see her daughter again
meanwhile the pope broadcasted his
Christmas message in which he said he's
thinking of all those suffering from war
the war of Ukraine and the war between
Israel and Hamas this is jod hohen for
weon world is one wishing all who
celebrate a merry and safe Christmas Von
is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move