a late night phone call between the
American president and Israeli Prime
Minister may have convinced Israel not
to strike back with Joe Biden reportedly
telling Benjamin Netanyahu the US would
not participate in any new offensive
against Iran but the president's been
very clear we don't seek a war with Iran
we not looking for escalation here we
will continue to help Israel defend
itself Biden reportedly urged the
Israelis to consider their defense
strategy as a win reminding Netanyahu
that Iran only struck an air base in
southern Israel and not civilian targets
a senior Biden Administration official
told reporters that Israel needs to
Think Through carefully what it does
next it's just an extraordinary uh
example of military superiority that
that Israel demonstrated to the whole
world last night uh and I think Israel
also demonstrated that it has friends
though the US is steadfast in its
support of its close Ally the White
House has worked to contain the impulses
of both countries Mr to Iran In This
Moment don't it's not clear whether
Biden's warnings may have helped shape
Iran's strategy which involved mostly
easy to strike drones and appeared to
come with plenty of advanced warning
it's also not certain whether Biden's
pressure on Israel will Stave off future
retaliation this may allow prime
minister Netanyahu to say well my arm
was twisted I really wanted to hit back
but you know I I had to acknowledge that
we do have an important friend here that
we should sometimes listen to
Iran's actions may also reshape opinion
toward Israel amid growing condemnation
of its actions in Gaza reinforcing
Western support just as it seemed to be
waning the tension may also prove to be
an unlikely win for another us Ally
Ukraine the attack on Israel has
prompted the House of Representatives to
take up a long delayed Aid package to
Israel and Ukraine the vote to
authorized billions of dollars in
support could come as early as this week
Jackson prco Global News Washington