the government of Israel made a sweeping
change in the law with regards to
civilians bearing arms it was a very
strict law before 7th of October it was
almost impossible to get a gun license
to keep private weapon at home also the
ex IDF soldiers were not allowed to keep
weapons at home or who were not on
active duty were not allowed to keep
weapons at home and the reason given was
a lot of these weapons were stolen in
the past and they feared that these
weapon could reach the criminals
but post 7th October things have changed
a lot government has brought in a law
which makes it much easier for the
civilians to buy weapons now and to keep
them at home for their own security
let's try to find out the view of common
people in this regard sir uh are you
aware of this change in law with regards
to buying weapons for civilian people
yeah to get a license for for weapon
yeah yeah of course I'm aware of it and
uh you think it's a good step back by
the government to bring these uh to
allow civilians to buy with weapons and
keep them for their own protection I
think it's a good step for the civilians
because we cannot rely on our government
we can only rely on
ourselves uh and um do you think it
would have been a much better step had
the government brought this law before
7th of October well I don't have a clear
opinion about it but ER
based on the recent weeks that we've
seen this is a mandatory thing for
us so this is a general opinion on the
street here that government should have
brought this law before before this
massacre happened on 7th of October and
even if it's a little bit late but it's
a good step by the government to now
allow civilians to buy weapons and keep
it for their own safety if the
government doesn't protect us we should
protect
ourselves