describing them as seven beautiful souls
World Central Kitchen paid tribute on
social media to its workers killed in
Gaza three British citizens polish and
Australian Nationals a Canadian American
Jewel National and a Palestinian died
when Israeli air strikes hit their
Convoy on Monday night among them was
zomie francom her friends have
remembered her infectious smile and
sense of humanity she makes you feel
like you're the only person in a room
and so as a plate of f food went from
service provider to service
recipient that could be a very cold
exchange if it's just a plate of food
but zy would produce that in a way that
made you know that there was a
connection World Central Kitchen said it
had coordinated its movement with the
Army but its team was targeted while
traveling in a deconflict Zone in cars
branded with the Charity's logo the
Israeli military issued its mayor Cula
and apologized for the deaths it says
it's launching an independent
investigation to be carried out in the
coming days the strike was not carried
out with the intention of harming wck
Aid workers it was a mistake that
followed a
misidentification at night during a war
in a very complex conditions it
shouldn't have happened the strikes have
drawn condemnation from world leaders
including from the American President
Joe Biden said he was outraged and
heartbroken adding that Israel had not
been doing enough to protect Aid workers
the deaths have prompted World Central
Kitchen and other Aid organizations to
suspend operations in Gaza it comes as
the Us and other countries setting up a
maritime Aid corridor from Cyprus to get
around restrictions on deliveries by
Road on Tuesday Cyprus said one ship was
returning to the Mediterranean island
with around 240 tons of Aid that had not
been
unloaded