[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
we have breaking news now Israeli police
say at least one person is dead and 13
others injured after a car rammed into a
crowd of people in Israel this comes as
Israel launched its deepest strikes into
Lebanon yet after deadly attacks by
Hezbollah on Northern Israel meanwhile
humanitarian concerns are growing in
Gaza as the war reaches the 100 day Mark
Chief National correspondent Matt Gutman
has the latest from Tel Aviv Israel
Diana somber mood here in what's known
as hostage Square the semi-permanent
Memorial to the kidnapped about 130
remain held captive by Hamas six of them
are Americans of course about 1200
Israelis were killed on that October 7th
Hamas Rampage but the focus a 100 days
in has now shifted to the destruction in
Gaza according to the Hamas run Health
Ministry about 254,000 people have been
killed there the majority of them women
and children and this video perhaps
speaks to the desperation of
Palestinians thousands of people mobbing
these Aid trucks um delivering flour to
the north of the Gaza Strip then you
hear gunshots and everybody begins to
scatter according to un agencies roughly
a quarter of the population in Gaza
about 600,000 people now face famine
conditions all gazin are now in acute
stages of hunger that as this conflict
threatens to widen regionally hisb with
deadly attacks on Israeli communities in
the North of Israel Israel respond in
with its deepest yet air strikes into
Lebanon about 20 m in that is Israel's
prime minister vowing nothing will stop
Israel from this campaign and Israeli
senior officials telling me this war
could last for months longer Diane M
Gutman and Tel Aviv Israel thank
you hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more vide show highlights and watch
live event coverage click on the right
over here to subscribe to our Channel
and don't for forg get to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching