the deadly explosion at the Al Ali
Hospital in Gaza City has drawn
widespread condemnation from Wild
leaders as protests continue across the
wild including the Arab countries they
came in the backdrop of Biden's visit to
Israel where he refused to blame
Netanyahu for the attack or Israel for
the attack for that matter West Bank
Lebanon Jordan and TOA in West Asia are
witnessing an outpouring of Anger from
the public here protesters were seen
taken to the streets shouting
anti-israel slogans while condemning us
support for Israel in several cities
across West Bank dozens of Palestinians
clashed with Israeli forces in a Blas a
group of Palestinians with covered faces
blocked a road and set tires Ablaze near
a group of Israeli soldiers in the city
of ramala Palestinian forces used tear
guard to dispar protesters who
restored or resorted to Stone
[Music]
penalty
similar scenes were seen or witnessed in
Beirut in Lebanon here too Security
Forces used tear gas and mot cannons as
clashes erupted at a protest near the US
embassy over the hospital blast outside
the Israeli Embassy in Arman in Jordan a
mega protest was held here Security
Forces blocked offroads leading to the
Embassy but the size of the
demonstration looked set to swell amid a
wave of hunger in Jordan
home to many Palestinian refugees take a
look at Ean buul similar scenes were
witnessed as thousands protested outside
the Israeli Consulate in solidarity with
Palestinians in Gaza after the deadly
Israeli
[Music]
bombing
fore speech
fore in Tunisia Pro Palestinian
protesters also rallied outside the
French Embassy condemning Western
support for
Israel
spe
[Applause]
we will keep you updated on the
situation in Israel as the war rages on
it is the 11th day you are watching weon
wild is one stay with
[Applause]
us weon is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the
move