the latest Israel Gaza War has had a
global impact with supporters for both
sides in the conflict taking to the
streets of major cities the European
Union has strongly condemned the attack
by Hamas on Israel we agreed that the
priority is to cease violence and to
prevent further Regional
escalation it is of utmost importance to
ensure the release of hostages as well
as the protection of civilians at all
times and by all parties divisions in
opinion are also visible at the highest
levels of Politics as the EU struggles
to find Common Ground following an
announcement that it was to suspend Aid
to Palestine a diplomatic ra with
clashes between several member states
saw an 11th Hour U-turn there's a lot of
discussions ongoing the commission is
also currently discuss assessing um how
the recent uh tragic um events might um
affect our current um and our future um
development assistance um EU funding
supports the financing of most essential
um services for the Palestinian
populations and contributes um direct
financing also to the uh Palestinian
Authority in an attempt to moderate the
EU invited top diplomats from Israel and
the Palestinian Authority to an
emergency meeting meanwhile the leaders
of the UK US France Germany and Italy
released a joint statement expressing
steadfast and United support for the
state of Israel French president Emanuel
macron reinforced that message during a
two-day bilateral trip to Germany the
blackmail being carried out by humus is
unbearable blackmail that we can only
condemn we condemn all countries which
have welcomed the horrors perpetrated by
Hamas which is the case of Iran as some
EU member states pledged to provide
diplomatic intelligence or security
support if requested further a field the
US edges closer to sending its warships
to assist Israel's Land Air and sea
bombardment as these unprecedented
events unfold the international
community's response has fallen along
largely familiar lines Muslim majority
countries backing Palestine much of the
West staunchly pro Israel whilst calling
for proportional military responses
whether there'll be any changes in
loyalties in either direction looks
right now very unlikely Shad Edward
stashi trt world