the cleanup in Beirut was already well
underway on Wednesday morning just hours
after the assassination of Hamas Deputy
leader s Al aruri the full implications
of his death may take much longer to
deal with an air strike in the Lebanese
capital on Tuesday night killed Al aori
one of the most senior figures in Hamas
and the founder of its military wing it
struck at the heart of a stronghold of
hamas's iranian-backed Lebanese Ally
Hezbollah the attack has been widely
attributed to hamas's sworn foe Israel
hezbollah's leader Hassan nzala on
Wednesday hit out at Israel calling the
killing
dangerous in terms of the assassination
of Ali we have vowed to retaliate what
happened yesterday was a grave crime and
we cannot stay silent this crime won't
go without punishment and reaction the
military fields and days will tell the
Israelis our retaliation
a funeral was held in tear for one of
those killed in the strike along with Al
aori throughout the region there was
growing anger at the
attack Palestinians in Hebron in the
occupied West Bank took to the streets
to protest against the killing in rala
young children were among those
screaming in
Anger Israel however remained defiant
and said it was prepared for an attack
to be taken in
retaliation today today we are again in
the middle of a war the mad as it was 50
years ago is committed to settling
scores on a visit to Portugal on
Wednesday the European Union's top
Diplomat Joseph Burell said he was
worried the situation could now
escalate what we are learning now with
the tragedy experienced in Gaza is that
the solution must be imposed from
outside from an International Community
that includes the United States Europe
and the Arab countries because the
opposing sides will never be able to
reach an agreement clashes meanwhile
have continued in southern Lebanon where
Israel has attempted to set up a
military Outpost earlier on Wednesday
hasbalah said two of its members were
killed in fighting nazala has said
anyone Waging War with Hezbollah would
regret it and vowed retaliation warning
Israel about the cost dolin trt world