[Music]
relations between the Netanyahu
government and the EU have been awkward
for years Donald Trump's decision on
Jerusalem promised to make Monday's
visit and even frosty er affair be quite
clear we do not agree with the
announcement of Jerusalem's
inside Netanyahu worked the table of
foreign ministers but this is a tough
audience for him the EU spends a lot
helping the Palestinians and it has been
consistently critical of Israel's
policies in the occupied territories
Netanyahu is also dead against the Iran
nuclear deal to which the EU is an
important signatory apart from trade in
some security there's not much they do
agree on earlier he said he wanted to
persuade Europe to follow Donald Trump's
lead on Jerusalem and it's time that the
Palestinians recognized the Jewish state
and also recognized the fact that it has
a capital it's called Jerusalem I
believe that even though we don't have
an agreement yet this is what will
happen in the future I believe that all
or most of the European countries will
move their embassies to Jerusalem
recognized Jerusalem as Israel's capital
so far there's little to suggest a EU
states have any intention of changing
their position we will continue to
respect the international consensus on
Jerusalem until the final status of the
old city is resolved to direct
negotiation between the parties and we
hope that the parties can engage in
meaningful direct negotiations with the
support of international
community EU officials say they will now
redouble their efforts to kick-start
peace talks and there is no sign it is
changing its commitment to Jerusalem's
future as a shared capital for two
future States Israel and
however remote see Simon McGregor would
TRT world
[Music]