[Music]
the final day of the inaugural Tel Aviv
Grand Prix and what a tournament it's
been a joyful start to the 2019 igf
World Judo tour the Israeli team came
out strong and gave their fans so much
to cheer about the atmosphere was
electric but the final day was that of
France our man of the day was veteran
Axel CL he won France's first gold medal
of the competition by applying a clever
arm loock after a mighty struggle
between these two great J Docker forcing
his opponent Nicholas moai to submit the
Frenchman was thrilled to stand at top
the
podium this very nice C yes I'm very sad
because last time in European
Championship I lost so quickly so I want
to come back in this Arena because uh it
is a really good atmosphere like in
Paris a lot of people they like Judo and
uh lot of uh cry that nice fight here oh
woman of the day with slovenia's claraa
poar she finished a brilliant tournament
with a strong sumii attack scoring
wazari deep into golden score lauriana
ker of Kosovo fought well but wasn't
able to stop this brilliant Sumi waza
meaning the lenan was crowned under 78
kg champion and set the score at 2-1
against
ker yeah we had before one-1 I lost one
and I won one uh actually I didn't uh I
just tried to do the the my my dudo and
attack first and not let her do uh her
techniques there was more goal for
France as alexandrea was Victorious at
under 100 kg he scored wazari and then
managed to defend just enough to clinch
Victory Arena kinera threw and held down
Ukraine's yisa Kalina at over 78 kg
making it two grand prix goals in a row
for the aani Jud
but there was yet more joy for Israel as
Local Hero and Olympic bronze medalist
or sassan took the last gold of the
tournament making it four gold medals
two silver and one bronze for
Israel he was awarded his medal by Moshe
Ponte president of the Israel Juda
Association the whole stadium and Nation
stood tall as the final Anthem to play
at the 2019 Tel Aviv Grand Prix was that
of
Israel our move the day came from ital's
Nicholas mongi an extremely well
executed tomay Nagi saw him place jper
schmink of the Netherlands cleanly on
his back sacrificing his weight
backwards he uses one leg to lift smink
off the ground and the other to place
him down
[Music]
brilliant oh