we've come here to a military base in
southern Israel we can't tell you
exactly where for security reasons what
you can see around me is just 2 to 3% of
the immense Arsenal that Hamas
stockpiled and used in their attack on
Israel on October the 7th in their mass
murder of
1,400 civilians they wounded 3,300 more
what you can see around me are
RPGs mines anti-an grenades I d s
ammunition is just an extraordinary
thing we've spoken to a major here who's
taking us through it he's an expert in
Von disposal he says that this operation
launched by the Hamas terror group
continued for two years before they
launched it this is just the the very
tip of the iceberg in terms of the
weapon reader they amassed before they
launched their deadly attack this was an
extremely well planned operation by a
terror group they they went into the
kutes in Israel with thermal baret
grenades which Set Fire to the kutes to
3,000 Dees and burnt everything in sight
including men women and children my name
is Major G I'm the head of the national
Miss Mission this assembly lab of Israel
what you can see in front of you all
Brad here since October 7 since Hamas
raed on our Villages and bases on the
Gaza Street borderers the IDF rer the G
found mostly more of the same of these
things inside our guys keep on
exterminate equipment with redwoods in
fi and also bring over here some things
to just do some technical research in
order to learn the enemy even more
around 15%
15 uh are made in Iran like Motors
explosives and some juices so far we
found an RPG EP 7 which is an RPG anti-p
person homemade by North Korea we found
more than 100 fle rocket so far and we
know that Hamas used it this is a thermo
baring grenade using thermobaric
explosive ins Side based on an RPG 29
Warhead with a basic fuse over near to
throw like a grenade this baric
explosives counts up to 3,000 CI Dees in
1 second then to es everything inside
the room they threw it into
rooms people were burned alive without
that F children women soldiers inside
the
road