meanwhile beginning from November 30th
the US government is allowing Israelis
Visa free entry while the White House
has announced it is admitting Israel
into the country's Visa waiver program
and Israeli Prime Minister nathany yahu
has welcomed Washington's decision as a
major and joyous moment for all Israelis
well Israel's foreign Ministry said that
the country's admission to the US Visa
waiver program was very much expected
the program allows visitors to stay up
to 90 days without a Visa the vaver
comes as a win for Netanyahu that to at
a time when relations between his
farride government and Washington have
been strained over its judicial overhaul
plan and the policies towards
Palestinians some Palestinians have
demonstrated against Israel's entry into
the program they Alle that Israel has
for decades discriminated against Arab
Americans and also harassed them at its
borders
well four Democratic US senators also
voiced concerns saying that Israel has
failed to meet requirements to treat All
American Travelers
equally meanwhile the US Homeland
Security Department says that the
announcement further strengthens the
security economic and peopl to- people
ties between the two countries for
admission to the Visa waiver program
Washington requires countries to meet
requirements on issues such as
counterterror ISM law enforcement
immigration enforcement document
security and Border management moreover
they also must treat all us Travelers
equally that's also on one of the issues
now this means that Israel must allow
free passage for Palestinian Americans
at the airport well in a pilot period
since July Israel has eased access for
Palestinian Americans through its
borders and the Israeli and PMI and also
the West Bank according to Israel's
interior Ministry more than 130,000
Americans entered Israel since the pilot
project began including over 6,000
Palestinian Americans there were
previously 40 countries in the US Visa
waiver program Croatia was the most
recent one to be added in
[Music]
2021