another Aid truck full of flour rushed
by hundreds of hungry people in Gaza
this man separates flow from
dirt this is what we have he says Andra
has been the main contributor the main
uh uh entity to be able to reach all the
communities that are um most in need
Canada is among nations facing pressure
from some groups to reinstate funding to
the United Nations relief and works
Agency for Palestinian refugees unra
funding was paused after allegations a
dozen unra staff members participated in
hamas's October 7th Massacre of Israelis
a senior Canadian government Source
tells Global News no decision has been
made but it's likely funding will resume
this week a press conference with the
relevant officials promising an update
on Gaza Aid was canceled at the last
minute Wednesday it's dangerous and we
we need to find alternatives to unra
immediately so that the people in Gaza
will get uh the aid they need in a
proper manner Israel's ambassador to
Canada wants funding to stay paused
until independent un investigations are
done and says Israel is working to share
intelligence to back up the claim Hamas
has substantially infiltrated onra we
are trying to make sure that also the
Canadian government will have the access
to this kind of information as soon as
possible next week Canada's foreign
affairs minister visits Israel and the
West Bank Melanie Jolie began her East
Tour in Saudi Arabia
Wednesday the trip coincides with the
start of the holy month of Ramadan
There's Hope of a negotiated ceasefire
and release of hostages by then but the
date is quickly approaching if it's not
something that uh would be permanent um
we will be seeing a much deeper
catastrophe now the ball is in hamas's
court to accept that deal Israel's
Ambassador says there is concern Hamas
is trying to draw things out into
Ramadan worried about a possible
incitement of new violence during a
sensitive
time appil deman Global News Ottawa