[Music]
we are volunteers here only for humanity
just to help people not for salary not
for money not for anything just to help
the needed people
isn't just a field medic she also trains
other volunteers to be EMTs or emergency
medical technicians technicians because
as yet there's no where in the Gaza
Strip to train fully qualified
paramedics the border areas are
difficult and dangerous places to
operate for field medics we are
surprised well this is a huge amount of
injuries the heavy blood and you know
limit qualifications not to collect
vacations we can limit tools that we can
create bandages and gauze and so you
know it's something difficult that it is
in a few hours as protesting at the
border becomes a part of life in Gaza
many are struggling not just to afford
the food that is allowed to be imported
through Israel and Egypt but the lack of
clean drinking water poor sanitation and
the raw sewage that's being pumped
directly into the Mediterranean with
more than 13 and a half thousand injured
in Gaza as hospitals health care is
another major concern for aid agencies
there's no tomorrow actually in in Gaza
we are at Andhra but we are providing
primary primary health we were forced
you know to deal with nearly 1600 cases
of you know moderate and even severe
injuries that they should be at hospital
but hospitals cannot absorb them so they
send them to us
all over Gaza yesterday's heroes are
remembered other reputations having made
as Hamas says it wants a million people
to march on the border fence on Friday
the Israeli army is preparing for them
with more sniper platforms behind the
fence medics like Hammond are also
preparing because protesters will brave
bullets she says to define the economic
blockade as well as their living
conditions some of them said that I want
I need money if I'm getting injured or
iodide my family will take the money and
if I injured I will take money so
different answers many people and some
of them really want
to return to their lands but you don't
know how so they put themselves in
danger sometimes at the end of each day
those who are fortunate head to the
coast to try and forget their concerns
for a few hours
y'all know apt avid trt World Gaza
[Music]