hello and welcome let's take a look at
our top story the sour 3 Israeli
soldiers were killed in an attack at the
Egyptian border over the weekend an
Egyptian God who killed the Israeli
soldiers was also shot down in the
incident
prime minister Netanyahu termed the
incident as an attack the Israeli Prime
Minister called for a complete joint
investigation with Egyptian authorities
Cairo says it is working with Tel Aviv
to investigate the incident
as per the Israel army spokesperson it
took authorities many hours to find out
that the incident had taken place this
is because the shooting took place in a
remote area along the border
the assailants and Egyptian God was
spotted by a drone 1.5 kilometers inside
Israel territory during a shootout the
Egyptian and a third Israeli soldier
were killed
as per Egyptian authorities the God was
chasing Smugglers across the border they
are probing whether he belongs to any
political group one of the killed
Israeli soldiers a 19 year old woman was
laid to rest on Sunday
hundreds of grieving Israelis joined the
abandon's family as they mourned her
killing
[Music]
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu has
demanded a joint probe into the matter
he further said that measures would be
taken to ensure such an incident doesn't
happen again
the incident at the border with Egypt is
severe and unusual and it will be
investigated Israel sent a clear message
to the Egyptian government we expect the
joint investigation will be complete and
thorough this is part of the joint and
important security coordination between
us taking place for the benefit of both
countries over the years
we will draw all needed conclusions
regarding our activities along the
border in the South with Egypt
we will refresh procedures and methods
of operation and also the meshes to
reduce to a minimum the smuggling and to
ensure tragic attacks like this will not
happen again
goodbye
now this is all the latest on the three
Israeli soldiers who were killed in an
attack at the Egyptian border over the
weekend
an Egyptian God who killed the Israeli
soldiers was also shot down in this
incident
now we know that prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has termed this incident as an
attack and he has called for a complete
joint investigation with Egyptian
authorities
[Music]
[Music]