once again the Spectre of genocide looms
over Germany Nicaragua has brought the
country before the international court
of justice accusing it of facilitating
the crime by providing arms to Israel
Nicaragua presented its case on the
first day of proceedings on Tuesday
Germany's lawyers hit back Germany
firmly rejects Nicaragua's
accusations I need to emphasize one
point at the
beginning Germany has learned from its
past past that includes the
responsibility for one of the most
horrific crimes in human history the
Sha this explains one of the principles
upon which our foreign policy with
regard to all Middle East issues
rests our history is the reason why
Israel's security has been at the core
of German foreign
policy Germany is the second largest
supplier of Defense equipment to Israel
after the the United States accounting
for 30% of its purchases in
2023 the German government has been a
staunt supporter of Israel since the
crisis erupted in
October but domestic opposition to its
military support is growing Nicaragua
argues that these transfers make Germany
complicit in Israel's violations of the
genocide convention which the court has
already ruled app plausible in a
separate case in the present case
Nicaragua is invoking the responsibility
of Germany in connection with the
genocide committed by Israel and also
the responsibility of Germany for the
violations of its own obligations under
the genocide convention and of the
violations by Germany of its own
obligations under International
humanitarian law it has asked the court
to order Germany to immediately cease
weapons supplies and to resume funding
to the United Nations relief agency in
Gaza Germany joined other Western
nations in suspending funding to the
body over unsubstantiated allegations
that several members of its staff had
participated in the October 7 attacks on
Israel Nicaragua is hoping for a
preliminary ruling from the court but a
full resolution of the case will likely
Take Years Rupert Stone trt World