it's an impossible decision I can't
imagine having to choose between my own
safety and my leaving my kids in a in a
place where they're if they continually
tell me they feel like they're going to
die so it's just it's incredibly
difficult right now I'm currently in
dead B with my husband's family my
family my
grandchildren we've no
electricity with no
water the food we do have which is
little will not last because there's no
electric and it will
spoil I have four grandchildren in this
home a 2-month old baby a 4-year-old and
today two 9-year-old twins their
birthday there's no electricity from
2:00 their time which is just a few
hours ago no electricity means no
hospital supplies it means no food you
can't even preserve the food that you
have again and I don't know what it
means for them for the long term I don't
know what's about to happen to them for
me my number one is my family being safe
so I'm consistently watching as
upto-date information as possible but
there's no International journalists in
Gaza so the information we're getting in
the electricity Cuts we're not getting
as fast information as need be so every
few hours I'm seeing things I'm calling
my parents were all calling but now
we're talking about having to preserve
their battery life of their phone we
cannot keep talking to them because
there's no electricity so we've taken
numbers of neighbors they've written
down all our numbers if I can't get in
touch with them can I contact a neighbor
to find out if they're still alive these
are conversations we need to have I'm
very much a planner so it's like how do
we plan this but yeah at times my arms
just feel like lead and it feels like
I'm just living in a a nightmare for
them and so I can't understand how they
feel