it was announced yesterday the American
President Joe Biden would go to the
Middle East a diplomatic mission to show
support for Israel but also to try to
deescalate Jackson prco is with me from
Washington Jackson after that attack on
the hospital in Gaza did the president
get on the plane he did Donna but no one
knows what the situation will be like by
the time he actually lands in Israel
tomorrow the reason being that he's
already had to cut part of his trip
short he is no longer attending a summit
in Jordan with the leaders of Jordan
Egypt and the Palestinian Authority they
had backed out of meeting with Biden
after that explosion at the Gaza
hospital that said Biden is still
pressing ahead with his meeting with
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu he has very specific goals in
his meetings with the Israelis
specifically reassuring us support for
that country and trying to negotiate a
humanitarian Corridor out of Gaza both
for foreign Nationals and to allow some
sort of Aid in Biden has also said to
want some sort of a assessment of what
Israel's military goals for its eventual
ground Invasion may look like to get a
better understanding of what they are
and what support the US can provide we
should of course point out that the US
has already announced the deployment of
two aircraft carriers to the region and
there are thousands of troops on standby
but it's a precarious security situation
that the president is walking into not
only is his own security at risk and
we've seen other visiting leaders and
dignitaries have to take shelter from
incoming rocket fire but should point
out that American interests across the
Middle East are tonight very much at
heightened security alert and facing
massive widespread protests after what
happened in Gaza today and back here in
Washington Donna we know that government
buildings including the US capital
building behind me are also now
increasing their security posture
tomorrow ahead of expected protests with
Biden in that volatile region all right
Jackson prco in Washington as President
Biden heads to Israel thanks Jackson