I'm right now in the center of Tel Aviv
lot of construction activities here
still going on but lot of it has come to
a stand still or it has slowed down
because the construction workers most of
whom used to come from
Palestine or the areas controlled by
palestini Authority Gaza and the West
Bank they are not coming anymore because
the work permits have been cancelled and
in this regard we got news that Israeli
government has forly requested uh Indian
government to provide some workers who
work in the construction field right now
I'm here next to a building you can see
here this is a 44 story building which
should have been completed uh in a year
but it looks like the work has stopped a
lot and it's going on but it has slowed
down a
lot I'm right now with someone who is
monitoring the work here uh on this
building and let's try to find out what
difficulties are they facing has the
work slowed down down here now
the and uh why the slowed down why the
work has slowed down not all the workers
came from the West Bank and we need the
workers so workers used to come from
West Bank and you need more work not all
of them okay part of them come from the
West Bank so now how the work is going
on who are the workers facing these
people now now we have the Movic uh
people okay ukina from Russia and uh
from Israel but uh that's the people the
worker that can have uh can come inside
it's h with the blue what blue uh ID
it's mean they can come come so he's
saying that right now the workers who
used to come from West Bank and Gaza
they've been replaced largely by workers
from mova Russia and Ukraine who have a
blue permit they can come in and work
here and can go back this is Rajesh PA
from Tel for India
today