come
in Cas
break it's
very
the inordinate delay in achieving a fair
and just settlement has resulted in an
unending cycle of
violence a clear legal characterization
of the nature of Israel's regime over
the Palestinian people can only assist
in remedying the ongoing delay and
achieving a just
settlement how Israel's ongoing acts and
omissions in Gaza when will Israel's
decades long impunity for widespread and
systematic human rights violations and
violations of permet norms of
international law end if not
now over the past 130 six days the world
has watched in horror daily the
Relentless attacks on
Gaza the ferocity and violence of
Israel's latest military campaign
against Gaza and its flouting of
international law including an order of
this court which was handed down on 26
January
2024 is the clearest indication that
Israel considers itself unrestrained in
its actions against Palestinians
exercise their inalienable right to
self-determination we as South Africans
sense see hear and fill to our core the
inhumane discriminatory policies and
practices of the Israel regime as an
even more extreme form of the appetite
that was institutionalized against black
people in my
country it is clear that Israel has
turned the temporary nature of the
occupation into a permanent situation in
violation of the Palestinian right to
self-determination it has done this
through its illegal settlement
Enterprise which now consists of an
estimated 700,000 settlers an increase
of 235% since the oso Peace Accords and
of
165% since the war
opinion in the occupied Palestinian
territory to ensure that the illegal
situation as the record of the past half
century makes clear Israel as the
occupying power is not acting in the
best interests of the population under
occupation and is not administering the
occupied territory in good faith
breaching multiple new scan's Norms of
international law including the
prohibitions on annexation self detet
termination apartate and genocide on
which I have focused pration of the chos
arelo from macius
United with the AKA that ued over 2/3 of
our people were systematically and
forcibly expelled by
Israel there is no Safe Haven it means
discri both
colonialism ethnic cleansing upper tide
or gen
side
back
on
do
6
foreign foreign forign
spee
some
for
speech
spee