it's the start of the holy month of
Ramadan this week and there seems no end
in sight to the ongoing conflict between
Israeli Defense Forces and Hamas but
even then the present economic
difficulty and living conditions in the
Gaza Strip along with the fighting will
make this the most difficult Ramadan
ever stores in southern gaza's crowded
city of Rafa was seen overwhelmed on
Saturday
dozens of citizens were seen walking
around the Street Markets in search of
goods to
purchase for residents in Jerusalem
there is a ban on Ramadan decorations in
the old city issued in solidarity with
Gaza amid the ongoing conflict one
religious vocalist who worked as Ain for
43 years says he suspended all religious
events he had to participate in
including once overseas because of the
situation happening in
Gaza meanwhile calls are growing for an
end to the war with protests growing
around the world tens of thousands of
people marched through the Streets of
London on Saturday during a pro
Palestine
demonstration they walked with
Palestinian Flags banners and signs
criticizing the west and Israel
organizers claim at least 400,000 people
took part of the
demonstration
on Sunday thousands of pro Palestine
supporters joined a rally in Berlin to
demand a seize fire in Gaza as well as
an immediate cessation of armed supplies
in Israel amid the ongoing
[Applause]
conflict it's been 6 months of fighting
in the Israel Hamas war and there are no
signs of letting up Israel's current
ground incursion which began at the end
of the third week of the war intends to
wipe out all of her
while Aid has been delivered by airdrop
the conflict has created a growing
humanitarian crisis the UN still warning
at least 576,000 people across the Gaza
Strip one quar of the population are
facing catastrophic levels of food
insecurity