[Music]
the israeli military released a video of
the airstrike that struck an apartment
building in gaza and killed a senior
commander from the armed group islamic
jihad israel said it launched several
missiles as part of a crackdown which
started with the arrest of another
senior leader in the occupied west bank
earlier this week
what is the fault of this child and what
did she do to get killed was he firing
rockets or fighting
but on the ground people in gaza mourned
one of the victims of the missile strike
a five-year-old girl
and scenes of victims covered in dust
and blood have sparked vows of revenge
from hamas and islamic jihad after the
initial strikes israel said it hit other
targets in gaza killing a number of
islamic jihad fighters palestinian
president mahmoud abbas issued a
statement condemning the israeli strikes
and demanding they stop but israel says
it's defending its national security
israel carried out a precise
counter-terror operation against an
immediate threat
our fight is not with the people of gaza
islamic jihad is an iranian proxy that
wants to destroy the state of israel and
kill innocent israelis the head of
islamic jihad is
in tehran as we speak
we will do whatever it takes
to defend our people the last time
tensions reached this high was in may
last year when a days-long exchange of
rockets between israel and hamas caused
hundreds of deaths mostly in gaza and
many worry this latest wave of earth
strikes is a sign of fiercer fighting to
come between israel and the besieged
gaza enclave the islamic jihad group in
gaza has already started retaliating
they say they fired more than a hundred
rockets towards israeli settlements
though no significant injuries have been
reported it's an indication tension will
remain high
once again blasts are head across gaza
and its sky is covered in smoke but as
ezra elkosa mordedly strikes many gazans
now believe going to battle has become
their destiny and say it seems that no
matter how or when the war ends they
will be the ones to pay the price
[Music]
you