it is clear by the widespread
destruction many parts of Gaza have been
bombed to the ground this neighborhood
in the north is almost beyond
recognition many people have moved South
but even here it's not safe the refugee
camps are dangerous the schools are
dangerous nowhere is safe in the country
there is no safety it's dangerous
everywhere America says Israel is
starting to lose Global support because
of what it described as indiscriminate
bombing these pictures released by the
IDF show them engaging Hamas Fighters
but Washington's criticism raises
questions about how long the campaign
can carry
on US National Security adviser Jake
Sullivan arrived in Israel to discuss
the timetable of War Washington is
signaling The Invasion cannot be
open-ended the meeting at the IDF
headquarters will almost certainly have
been tense clearly there is now a rift
opening between the two countries but
Israel says it could take several months
to achieve its objectives and no amount
of international pressure will stop its
military
campaign support for the war remains
strong here people say October the 7th
can never be allowed to happen again but
how to solve the conflict and the cycles
of pain is still an unresolved question
in Washington the message to Israel is
that there is no military solution there
needs to be a solution moving forward
that addresses the legitimate uh
aspirations of the Palestinian people
while providing security to the Israeli
people we think the best way to achieve
that is the establishment of an
independent Palestinian State and prime
minister Rishi sunak has has also
reaffirmed his support for an eventual
Palestinian State our long-standing
position remains that a two-state
solution is the right outcome here and
more immediately um you know what that's
going on is incredibly concerning such a
resolution would not be accepted by the
current Israeli government on this issue
it is in defiance of America How This
Ends then is the big unknown but the
longer the fighting continues the
greater the humanitarian cast ropy for
the people of Gaza Alex Rossy Sky News
Tel Aviv