smoke and screams marked the latest
deadly Israeli air strike in Gaza this
one near the al- AXA Hospital in the
Central City of De alala for those who
survived it was an all too predictable
Mad Dash to search the rubble of this
two-story building for any more victims
at least 20 people are confirmed dead US
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin met
with the leader of Bahrain and his visit
with the Palestinian president was met
with scuffles outside in anger toward
the US Lincoln said much of these talks
center around what happens when the war
is over the important work that needs to
be done to help Gaza get back on its
feet uh as well as efforts that
countries around the region are clearly
prepared to make based on the trip this
week to bring countries together to
integrate the region separately the
leaders of the Palestinian Authority
Egypt and Jordan met on Wednesday Egypt
and Jordan have in the past negotiated
peace in conflicts between Israel and
Hamas which rules the Gaza Strip at a
border crossing between Israel and Gaza
an Israeli defense official said Israel
was not to blame for the slow pace of
humanitarian Aid he said there is no
food shortage in Gaza and that
humanitarian Aid groups are not
processing the aid fast enough there is
a need for additional un Manpower to
receive and pack the aid there is also a
need for more trucks to transfer the aid
to Israel for security checks at
Jerusalem's Western Wall thousands of
people gathered to pray for the release
of the remaining hostages in Gaza around
133 of them held by Hamas and in the
occupied West Bank Palestinians gathered
in Nelson Mandela Square to thank South
Africa for bringing a genocide case
against Israel to the International
court of justice we believe that many
countries felt our pain but South Africa
decided to put it materially in paper
but Israel's most powerful Ally the
Biden Administration calls the genocide
accusation absurd Andy Rosen trt
world