so what happens to more than 220
hostages who were there in hamas's
captivity in Gaza STP the first option
which looked very favorable for us Hamas
Israel and every everyone else was the
Diplomatic negotiations or what we call
mediation Qatar one of the midle Eastern
country has played this role even in the
past and even in this crisis it played
its role which led to the release of
four hostages by Hamas but after that
there has been no progress as far as
hostages are concerned the second was an
offer made by Hamas which was called
hostage for ceasefire Israel has an eose
of never leaving anyone behind Dead or
Alive Hamas offered release of hostages
in exchange of a ceasefire but prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu has already
declared a war against Hamas may not
give any Reef to Hamas now the third
major concern is the safety of hostages
for any negotiations to proceed Hamas
will have to ensure the safety of
hostages and if though Hamas has been
claiming that many hostages have been
killed in the aial bombardment or
Invasion by Israel none of the western
agencies or agencies of Israel have
confirmed any such reports so it is
being believed that all the hostages are
safe and alive in the Captivity of Hamas
the most important part is that how long
Hamas can hold the hostages we have seen
that to gather a lot of diplomatic
support or international support or
sympathy is Hamas may have released four
hostages but that was just intended to
gain more sympathy and support from
International immunity but can Hamas
afford to keep these hostages for a long
period that well that can't be ruled out
because we had seen that how Hamas had
kept one Israeli soldier for 5 years and
later released him in exchange of more
than thousand Palestinian prisoners who
were kept in Israel's prison so this is
also a big challenge another big
challenge is that uh if Israel goes into
gazam which it already has uh the
military operation May jeopardize the SE
of these hostages which is a big concern
not only for Israel but also for the
relatives and the loved ones of of those
who were there in Israel who are every
day praying that Israel somehow manages
to get this hostages back