crisis over the unrwa funding continues
as several key Doner countries to the UN
agency refus to review their decision at
least 11 countries had earlier said they
would halt funding the decision follows
Israeli charges that some unrwa staff
took part in hamas's October 7 attack
the unrwa has fired several staff and
promised a thorough investigation into
the claims which were not specified
Israel has vowed to stop the agency's
work in Gaza after the
war observers and Aid workers said the
move by the donors would exacerbate
hunger even before the conflict the
unrwa was struggling to secure funding
and warned that it was one on the verge
of collapse now many of its 13,000 staff
members are refugees themselves and at
least 150 have been killed since the
Israel hamus conflict
began Egyptian foreign minister Sam
shukri has said that he was surprised by
the move to pause the unrwa funding and
said that it would lead to more
suffering for Palestinians the Cairo
based Arab League said that the
suspension of funding aims to abandon
relief efforts for millions of
Palestinian
refugees the Turkish foreign Ministry
also urged countries that had paused
funding to reconsider their
[Music]
move Palestinian Authority president
mmud Abbas accused Israel of leading an
oppressive campaign against the agency
he said and I quote the campaign aims to
liquidate the issue of Palestinian
refugees senior Hamas
official had said the isami ab Abu zurri
said that the Israeli accusations
against the unrwa were a challenge to
the international Court of justices
decision remember on Friday the world
court ordered Israel to prevent acts of
genocide in
Gaza now Israel has been strongly
critical of the United Nations and in
particular Antonio guz since early in
the war Israel's then foreign minister
Ellie Cohen said on the 14th of November
that the UN Chief was not fit to head
the
organization he stated gueras had not
done enough to condemn Hamas and was too
close to Iran the unrwa was set up to
help refugees of War at Israel's
founding in 1948 and provides Education
Health and Aid to them in Gaza the West
Bank Jordan Syria and Lebanon
[Music]