Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
netanyahu's government is facing growing
opposition in Israel amid Tel's brutal
war on palestine's
Gaza critics have raised doubts over
netanyahu's postering as Mr security
after Hamas was able to overcome
multiple Israeli checkpoints and entered
numerous secured kibot team on October 7
with the rising death toll among Israeli
soldiers and around 130 Israeli hostages
reportedly held in go by Hamas since
October 7 Israelis are putting
increasing pressure on the state's far
right government through protests
calling for a hostage swap with Hamas
and a ceasefire in Gaza on the morning
of October 7th this government and this
prime minister totally failed us my
Israeli government who I do not feel is
doing everything they can shooting will
not bring our hostages home alive we
need a deal dozens of family members of
hostages even even stormed the knesset
on January 22nd demanding that Israel
agree to a deal with Hamas however
Netanyahu has vowed to press ahead with
the offensive that has killed more than
25,700 Palestinians and wounded
63,64 others until a complete Victory is
achieved against
Hamas he has also been scrutinized over
his failure to take any responsibility
for the attack leading to calls for a
new election in
Israel analysts say Netanyahu the
country's longest serving leader who has
been evading corruption charges and
plans to strip the state's Supreme Court
of its powers is bent upon using the war
to ensure his political survival and is
therefore taking up violent measures
against Hamas and extremist rhetoric
about the state's war on Gaza like when
he sought to justify Israel's Onslaught
on Gaza through biblical reasoning
invoking the story of amalec in
reference to an ancient holy war between
good and evil described in the
Torah Netanyahu is also facing pressure
from right-wing members of his cabinet
who have been calling for the expulsion
of Palestinians from Gaza and the
reestablishment of illegal Israeli
settlements in The besieged
Enclave as Israelis continue to protest
against Netanyahu and his government are
his days in office numbered