qatar's Premier did speak to uh
Palestinian president as well to try and
ensure that all those uh who are have
been held hostage that they can be
released uh in exchange of uh the women
uh Palestinian women who are in various
jails in Israel who is there a possible
beginning of that
solution no unfortunately not because uh
maybe there will be a solution for the
women and children the
hostages but it cannot stop now because
Israel will not stop now because Israel
feels humilated feels beaten feels that
it needs to do something the problem is
that those operations and many
Palestinians are going to pay in their
lives in the coming days those
operations lead to Nowhere even if they
are Justified They don't serve any
person purpose nothing we saw it so many
times in the past again and again and
again and again Israel is using the same
strategy namely to take revenge to
punish to promise the Israelis that from
now on Hamas will be beaten but Hamas
might be beaten but the idea that Gaza
deserves Freedom this idea will not be
beaten and Gaza is the biggest prison in
the world was in the last 17 years the
biggest prison in the world and will
continue to be the biggest prison and as
long as this continues no solution will
be
found yeah we have to remember that in
the last 17 years Gaza is a cage Gaza is
the biggest open prison in the world 2
million people living in impossible and
inhuman and illegal and criminal
conditions that's the base this does not
justify operation barbaric operations
like we saw on Saturday in the south of
Israel but we cannot ignore the fact
that it all starts there in the fact
that Israel is putting an illegal and
criminal Siege over two million people
most of them by most of them by the way
innocent people all right