the US and UK militaries have conducted
fresh air strikes targeting houthi
weapon sites in Yemen the US Central
Command says eight locations were hit
including an air base north of the
capital S us defense officials have told
aler that the combination of missile and
air strikes hit houthi drones missiles
and an underground weapon
store for more Let's cross to Heidi Joe
Castro joining us uh from Washington DC
Heidi what's the latest you can tell us
about these
Tres well according to a senior US
military official who briefed reporters
these strikes were deemed a success
though the damage assessment continues
to be ongoing no word yet of whether
there were any casualties on the ground
but according to the US official this
was Precision guided missiles that
targeting military storage sites and
deemed by the Pentagon to be of no risk
to civilians
in Yemen uh it's unclear again whether
there were any casualties on the Yemen e
side the US said that it did not suffer
any and in addition to British forces
that assisted in this strike there were
other countries that also provided
support though in what capacity remains
unclear those countries being Australia
Bahrain Canada and the Netherlands and
the US military officials stressing that
taking this action uh was not part of
the maritime Coalition that
simultaneously exists and that has been
patrolling the Red Sea trying to assist
commercial vessels to Traverse uh that
very critical trade route despite the
ongoing attacks from houthis now going
on 33 since mid November the Us official
also stressing that this Monday's
attacks are not uh IND indicative of any
sort of change of tactic or TR change of
us policy towards the region but rather
that that escalation is trying to be
avoided again trying to emphasize that
these targets were houy military weapon
storage sites and that the US remains
committed to not escalating the
situation further Heidi Joe Castro there
with that
update