is Iran a big part of this
attack uh the United States government
has said that there is no evidence as of
now that the Iranians were behind the
attack now let's be clear they're not
nice people as a government uh the
Iranian supreme leader and the president
full-throated supported the Hamas
terrorist attacks and they have provided
not just diplomatic cover but also
weapons and financial support to Hamas
directly over years so I would be very
surprised if they were unaware of the
attack but there's a very big gap
between unaware and orchestrating uh and
uh you know I will tell you that life
has been going reasonably well for the
Iranians of late you will remember that
the Chinese facilitated a diplomatic
engagement between a breakthrough
between Iran and Saudi Arabia in the
past months you'll also know that the
Biden Administration came to an
agreement uh both to get five American
citizens held hostage by Iran back to
the United States and was planning uh to
provide uh $6 billion of Iranian assets
unfrozen uh back to the Iranian regime
the Iranians have also um allowed in
international inspectors as they have
reduced their amount of uranium uh
heavily enrich uranium stockpiles so I
mean this these are none of these are
actions by in Iranian government that is
about to declare war um against Israel
that would lead to clear reprisals
immense reprisals by Israel if it was
found out with evidence that they
actually ordered this from Hamas so I
will tell you I don't have a lot of
confidence in the sense that I I hardly
talk to the Iranian leadership um but
but I I I would be quite surprised if we
found out that the Iranians were
directly orderings