a new survey at an israeli hospital has
found that undetected corvid 19
infections are rare even as questions
have been raised about israel's official
infection count researchers at the tel
aviv swarovski medical center conducted
antibody studies and tests on around 500
medical staff all of whom were unaware
of they have contracted the virus
according to the survey only 2.6 percent
of them had antibodies researchers
further say that asymptomatic cases in
general public are probably fewer than
thought
israel after all was one of the first
nations to roll out a national vaccine
campaign
more than 80 percent of the adult adult
population has now received two shots of
covert 19 vaccines and more than half
have also been given a booster dose the
country has rolled out four covert 19
shots as well initially to the elderly
and healthcare workers and since then to
all vulnerable people over the age of
18.
meanwhile the israeli prime minister
naftali bennett has backed the lifting
of covert 19 restrictions due to the
recent decline in daily covert cases in
the country the infection rate has now
declined with about 30 000 new cases
registered on monday
for more on this our correspondent jody
cohen has sent us this next report from
tel aviv let's take a look
i'm at the corona ward at the swarovski
medical center which is also known as
ichilop hospital in tel aviv now doctors
carried out a study here on 500 health
workers who didn't think that they had
had covid since august the hospital
expected to find many with a specific
antibody which would suggest they had
had covered without symptoms however the
study actually found that only 2.6 had
contracted covered so unlike common
beliefs the study suggests that
undetected asymptomatic covert
infections are actually rare the
hospital is now going to widen the study
and hopes to confirm the findings this
is jody account for we on world is one
we on world is one is now available in
your country download the app now and
get all the news updates on the move