and 17 days on remember and of course
now the focus also is on gaza's
humanitarian crisis now a 17 truck Aid
Convoy entered into Gaza VI Egypt as
Israel intensified strikes on the
Palestinian Enclave 4,600 casualties
have been reported from Gaza 14,000
people have also received injuries on
the other hand US President Joe Biden
bagged Israel saying it has the right to
defend itself specifically at a time the
manner in which it was targeted people
massacred children still hostage us and
prime minister of Israel Netanyahu has
discussed the laws of war that Humanity
of innocent Palestinians also cannot be
ignored America has sent first shipment
of humanitarian assistance to Gaza too
meanwhile Israeli Ward plan struck the
targets across Gaza that has led to also
the death of civilians from one family
we are being told 12 people from one
family lost their life the bodies were
kept as we can see kept in this white
shroud this is outside the alaka
hospital
several have lost their life over 1
million people have already been
displaced to different parts in Gaza now
remember Hamas stormed into Israel 7th
October killed almost 1,400 people in
Israel in the unforgettable uh the sort
of barbarity and brutalities that were
inflicted on the people of Israel
innocent civilians and then the counter
strikes that we see resulting in Gaza in
this there is no mother father or
brothers left my brothers are gone my
sister and I are left
alone Allah is sufficient for me and he
is the best disposer of
Affairs
for
India's number one political reporter
defines what seems to be happening
Vendetta
politics unmatched eye unmatched
experience the world has changed my
black hair has become gray as well and
with unmatched passion for the story do
not monopolize the conversation when
it's 100% news that matters it's news
today with Raj deep sardesai Monday to
Friday 900 p.m. only on India Today TV