weeks before a deadly drone strike in
Jordan that killed three US soldiers
defense secretary Lloyd Austin spoke to
Sailors on the Gerald R Ford aircraft
carrier seeking to reassure them that
the military can withstand attacks from
ironback
militants sometimes our greatest
achievements are the bad things that we
stop from happening there are new
details that have emerged about his
remarks which had not previously been
published Austin went on to say the
militants were quote not very good at
what they do telling Sailors eventually
as we all know they may get lucky one
day and cause injury to one of our
troops but we will stay on the balls of
our feet and make sure that that doesn't
happen just over a month later a drone
slammed into this US base called Tower
22 on Jordan's border with Syria killing
three
soldiers when asked for comment a
pentagon spokesperson said Austin was
outraged and saddened by the soldiers
deaths and had no higher priority than
protecting the forces President Joe
Biden's Administration has vowed to do
whatever it takes to protect troops from
escalating violence in the Middle East
the Pentagon has said it believes an
Iraqi armed faction close to Iran was
involved in the militant strike um in
terms of um attribution for the attack
uh we know this is an irgc backed uh
militia uh it has the footprints of
katab Hezbollah
there's been a wave of retaliatory
strikes in Iraq and Syria linked to
Iran's revolutionary guard and the
militias at backs including a drone
strike on Wednesday in Baghdad that
killed a commander of the irck based
group with Iran aligned militants firing
at US troops in Iraq Syria Jordan and
off the coast of Yemen in the Red Sea
current and former US officials say it
may be impossible to avoid all attacks
experts also C against underestimating
the Iran backed militants even if most
of their attacks
fail critics of the administration say
the strikes aren't putting enough
pressure on tyon which supports the
militants while some Republicans are
pushing for direct strikes on Iranian
forces and soil the Biden Administration
has resisted that over fears of drawing
Iran directly into a broader
War