Gaza is under a total Siege United
Nations are say that till now 200,000
people have fled their homes in Gaza the
situation is dire there's a shortage of
food Fuel and power supply which has
sparked a humanitarian crisis in the
region the World Health Organization has
said that 13 attacks on Health
Facilities have taken place so far it
has expressed the need to establish a
humanitarian Corridor into the Gaza
Strip in light of Israel's incessant
bombardment across the Gaza Strip United
Nations has reiterated that sieges that
deprive civilians of essential resources
for survival is quote unquote prohibited
under International humanitarian
law the imposition of sieges that
endanger the lives of civilians by
depriving them of goods essential for
their survival is prohibited under
International humanitarian law any
restriction on the movement of people
and goods to implement a Siege must be
justified by military necessity or it
may amount to Collective
punishment
wild Health Organization spokesperson
has said that the organization has run
out of medical supplies it had stationed
in seven hospitals in that region he
further added that a corridor in and out
of Gaza Strip is crucial as a number of
War casualties continues to
mount World Health Organization is also
calling for an end to the violence uh uh
Health Facilities Patients health
workers and civilians in general have to
be protected and safeguarded as Dr tus
had said over the weekend the human
humanitarian Corridor is needed to reach
people with critical medical supplies
and who will work with Partners on this
weon is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the
move