another man with connections to India
has turned up dead in Canada just hours
after being named on an Indian most
wanted list
yesterday India's national investigation
agency released photos of 43 people it
calls gangsters and kalistani terrorists
noting that some of them live in Canada
less than 24 hours later sukhdul Singh
Gil number 33 on the list was shot dead
in Winnipeg cctv's Manitoba bureau chief
Joe mcashan with the investigation
in this quiet this quiet Winnipeg
neighborhood what appears to be a
targeted murder neighbors say they saw
three masked men fleeing this duplex
Wednesday morning and heard a vehicle
squeal away sources tell CTV News inside
the house sukhdul Singh Gil was found
shot to death the 39 year old man
identified as a gangster turned
kalistani terrorist by Indian security
officials Indian media call him an
extremist who's been living in Canada
since 2017. neighbors are also now
learning who the dead man was locals say
several young men moved into the house
at the beginning of September this man
and his roommates live in the home
beside the crime scene they were
questioned by police about the homicide
we didn't hurt anything you know there's
a gunshot and you didn't heard anything
I said no this crime now making
international headlines as tensions
between Canada and India are at an
all-time high and now a new volley of
accusations by Indian officials against
Canada as a safe haven for terrorists
for extremists and for organized crime
and I think that's a country that needs
to worry about its International
reputation the specifics of what
happened here why Singh was killed and
who did it now the focus of a Winnipeg
police investigation but Security
Experts say there will likely be
National and international interest in
the outcome it would be a local
investigation if we were talking I'll
say the pre-niger Mr nijar world and the
prime minister's disclosure the other
day I think
ceases in particular would probably be
more than curious in the circumstances
just to rule out whether there's any
external uh participation Winnipeg
police are asking anyone with
information or video surveillance to
come forward no arrests have been made
Omar all right Jill thank you