anger in Israel is growing against the
Nathan yahu government thousands of
demonstrators have taken to the streets
demanding the removal of prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu and an end to the war
in Gaza demonstrations took place at the
Hama square with some blaming Nathan
yahu and other officials for Hamas
attacks of October 7th meanwhile in
Jerusalem people gathered in front of
the house of the Israeli president to
demand the release of hostages held by
Hamas demonstrators held signs bearing
pictures of hostages faces and messages
such as and I'm quoting here get them
out of
hell I think
the the government should do everything
they can do to bring them back home it's
so so many days too too many days that
they're
there for me to be here to demand the
ceas fire now and a political solution
now and to convey our voices and to
shout as loud as we can even through the
repression that we are experiencing
right now and even though no one wants
us to voice those voices it's more
important than ever for us to do voice
them and to say however loud we can and
whenever we can it's important for me to
be a part of this to be part of the
solution and not part of the problem and
this is seen as one of the major
anti-government demonstrations since the
War Began on October 7th demonstrators
called for election as they came out on
the streets of T aiv more than 100
people are still believed to be in
hamas's captivity and Sunday marks 100
days since the October 7th attack after
which Israel launched an offensive aimed
at wiping out Hamas Israeli offensive
has so far killed over 22,000 people in
Gaza during a temporary truce in
November Hamas released 105 hostages in
a mutually agreed hostage exchange
between Hamas and
[Music]
Israel