Iran's supreme leader ayat Ali Kamai has
praised the military for its recent
strike on Israel Kamai said the Armed
Forces showed the country's power it's
the first time he's spoken since tan
launched more than 300 missiles and
drones at Israel a week ago those
strikes in retaliation for an attack on
the Iranian Consulate in Syria earlier
this month Kamai was meeting with Armed
Forces Commanders
the issue of how many missiles were
fired or the number of missiles hit is a
secondary issue the main issue is
proving The Willpower of the Iranian
nation and the armed forces in the
international Arena various events have
costs and achievements it is important
to reduce the costs and add the
achievements through flare this matter
was very well executed by the Armed
Forces during recent
events well from more this let's head
over now to DSA Jabari joins us from tan
it's been about a week since that
Iranian strike how are these comments
being interpreted
now well Sami uh the Supreme Leader's
comments uh really highlight the fact
that this long antagonistic and hostile
and costly chapter between Iran and
Israel appears to have come to a close
but the story between the two sides is
anything but over the supreme leader
also highlighted the fact that there
should be no uh stopping in terms of of
the advancement of the country's
military capabilities he said that even
a pause for a second means going
backwards highlighting that this is not
over but for now uh the speech has been
seen as a signal that the recent
tensions that we've seen at the highest
levels between the two countries appear
to be in a uh lull how long that will
last remains to be
seen all right thanks so much D Jabari
there
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from alaz