Israel is also told its fifth election
in less than four years on Tuesday the
voters are hoping to break a deadlock
between a former prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu and prime minister yolapid now
Israel has seen four inconclusive
elections since 2019 that delivered two
short-lived Coalition governments and
just one state budget the November 1st
ballot will see the veteran Netanyahu
leading a block of right-wing and
ultra-religious parties against the
centralist Prime Minister here lapid
leading a far more fragmented camp
now recent polls show that netanyahu's
liquid party is likely to be the largest
in Parliament that has come comprising
three more factions is likely to fall
short of a commanding majority if it's
Gamba on the other hand is set for an
even weaker outcome so far most of the
polls have shown neither Camp winning an
outright majority in Israel's 120 seat
knesset analysts say that an
inconclusive outcome could leave Israel
with more political uncertainty while
economic and security troubles mount
so far most of the polls have shown
neither Camp winning
and a deadlocked election could mean
that Israel would go to the polls again
within months with prime minister Yola
paid remaining in office as caretaker
while speaking to weon Israel envoyed to
India no Gillan said that the election
and induction of the new leader can take
six to seven weeks listening
the wish for a visit I think the need
for a visit even stronger is is there
it's not gone but you know first of all
we have to have a government this is a
process that might take in Israel
between six and seven weeks usually if
they use the maximum time given by law
there are different terms uh of time
that can be given for the process once
we have a government and we have a prime
minister hopefully it will happen and we
have stability and not re-election we
will put very high on the agenda the
need to visit India of course India for
us is a major partner a very close
friend an ally we are now available in
your country download the app now get
all the news on the move