good evening thank you for joining us
I'm Yun Jong Min we begin with the war
in the Middle East over 90 Israeli Army
conducted a relatively large ground rate
inside Gaza targeting Hamas positions
and withr Israel calls this as the
biggest incursion of the current war and
its feeling concerns about whether it's
the start of a full-scale ground
Invasion despite calls for a delay isi
who has our top
story
in an indication of an escalation in the
Gaza Strip Israeli military forces said
They carried out a quote relatively
large operation in The Enclave overnight
on Thursday Israel's Army Radio
described it as the biggest incursion of
the current War the military said the
targeted raid was carried out in
preparation for the next stages of
combat the strike follows Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin netanyahu's comment on
Wednesday that Israel was readying for a
ground
invasion
simultaneously we are preparing for a
ground Invasion I will not elaborate on
when how or how many I will also not
elaborate on the various calculations we
are
making according to reports by The Wall
Street Journal Israel has agreed to a US
request to delay its expected ground
Invasion so that Washington could place
air defenses in the region to protect US
troops as early as later this week it
also reported the US is trying to get
out as many of the 200 plus hostages
taken by hamus during its October 7
attack as possible before The Invasion
US President Joe Biden denied making
such
requests no what I have indicated to him
is that if that's possible to get these
folks out safely that's what he should
do it's their decision but I did not
demand it I pointed out to him if it's
real it should be
done meanwhile on Thursday morning fires
and smoke plumes were seen rising in the
Border area between Israel and Lebanon
the source of the fires has not yet been
verified Israel has carried out intense
strikes on Gaza after the hamus attack
on Israeli communities earlier this
month that killed some 1,400 people
according to gaza's health Ministry more
than 6,500 Palestinians have been killed
in the attacks as of Wednesday Yu adang
news