is the same kind a couple of Bush's
welcome visitors to the home at the kib
B of 70-year-old Ramy gold this is Hope
a veteran of the Israeli Army survived
the Hamas terrorist attacks on October 7
after rushing to use his military
experience to defend his community every
window that you see here this these all
bomb shelters
windows and you can see the smoke coming
out of them the safety of the kots was
broken and the evacuations
began according to the Israeli Ministry
of Defense approximately
125,000 Israeli civilians are
participating in a national evacuation
program with about 50,000 from northern
Israel and the rest from the south going
to the into
the into the into the hotel and people
are looking at each other and they have
nothing to say so they're hugging each
other think about it around thousand
people are hugging each other they
saying
nothing there's no family in this kuch
that didn't get
hurt one way or the other the attacks by
Hamas also uprooted the lives of Gans
working in Israel the government by
2023 had issued more than 18,000 work
permits
mues who asked not to disclose his last
name is a gan who received one of those
[Applause]
authorizations When The War Began on the
7th of October and on the first day part
of us were arrested and many of the men
were brought here to rala I'm one of
them and because we're afraid our
families remained in Gaza and we don't
know what to do we're just staying here
since October 7 according to the United
Nations 85% of the gasan population has
been internally displaced about 1.9
million 40 yearold mate's wife and kids
not seen since mid-september when he
went to work in Israel building bomb
shelters an opportunity he
sherish I was working and making money
and everything was fine more than 3
months later going home looks very
different for each man as the milit
operations continue in Gaza I ask God to
have mercy on them all I miss my family
hugging them and being with them for
Ramy gold the first step was back to the
kibs that terrible day is also uh an
option to do something better it is a
process that continues as the rebuilding
will have to take place on both sides of
the conflict selia Mendoza DOA news
Jerusalem