all right Whit now to new US air strikes
in the Middle East the US Central
Command saying 18 houthi Targets in
Yemen were hit overnight by us and
Allied Forces ABC's Mary Alis Parks is
following the developments right now
good morning Mary Alice yeah Gio good
morning this is the fourth round of
these strikes but houthi rebels in Yemen
so far have only escalated their attacks
fueling fears of a wider war and begging
the question what are these strikes
accomplishing overnight the US and UK
launching yet another round of punishing
strikes on Iran back rebels in
Yemen the Pentagon Sayang warships and
fighter jets hit 18 targets including
underground weapon storage facilities
attack drones Radars and a helicopter
defense secretary Lloyd Austin saying in
a statement the US will not hesitate to
take action to defend lives and the free
flow of
Commerce for months now the houthi
rebels armed by Iran have been targeting
ships in the Red Sea a costly disruption
to one of the world's most critical
trade routes last month the US and UK
with support from several allies
launched the first wave of these strikes
to try to Halt those attacks this latest
round overnight now the fourth but the
houthis show no signs of stopping
instead vowing to escalate their attacks
which they say are in protest of
Israel's war in Gaza with us support
among the dozen of houthi attacks now
one of their missiles successfully hit a
British vessel caring fertilizer this
week leaving that ship taking on water
and creating an 18m long oil slick the
houthis are creating an environmental
hazard right in their own
backyard now in addition to these major
strikes last month the US was exchanging
fire with the houthis almost every day
taking down incoming Rockets weapons
prepared to launch and the White House
has acknowledged that these attacks have
kept coming but they have found to keep
up the pressure until they stop Jana
well we have continued to follow that
and we will continue to do so Mary Alice
thank you hi everyone George
Stephanopoulos here thanks for checking
out the ABC News YouTube channel if
you'd like to get more videos show
highlights and watch live event coverage
click on the right over here to
subscribe to our Channel and don't
forget to download the ABC News app for
breaking news alerts thanks for
watching