in the Middle East a 4day ceasefire went
into effect in Gaza starting Friday
morning following which Hamas will
released 13 Israeli women and child
hostages for the first time after 48
days of war no sound of artillery fire
air strikes and Rockets anong Jin has
latest Israel and Hamas began a 4-day
ceasefire on Friday morning CNN
journalists in the south of Israel said
the sounds of artillery fire air strikes
and Rockets stopped around 20 minutes
after the ceasefire took effect at 7:00
a.m. as a part of the truce Hamas is set
to release 13 women and children later
in the day after Qatar mediated a deal
to free hostages held in Gaza a total of
50 hostages out of some 240 people
kidnapped by Hamas will be freed over
the 4day ceasefire while 150 Palestinian
prisoners held in Israeli prisons will
also be released in exchange starting
with with 39 on Friday the pause between
Israel Defense Force and Hamas comes
following nearly 7 weeks of fighting
after Hamas launch attacks on Israel on
October 7th humanitarian Aid is also
being delivered to the Gaza Strip to the
Rafa crossing the only access point now
for assistance to enter The Enclave
according to Egypt State information
service some 130,000 L of diesel fuel
and four trucks of gas will enter Gaza
from Egypt daily starting Friday
humanitarian supplies including food
medicine and water will also enter the
strip on 200 trucks according to
officials in Gaza since the October 7th
attack nearly 15,000 people have died in
Gaza including over 6,000 children while
around 36,000 people have been injured
and the death toll could be even higher
with the authorities in Gaza pointing to
difficulties in retrieving bodies as the
war escalated meanwhile prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu made it clear that
Israel's military campaign will continue
after the pause we'll continue with our
War aims um namely
to eradicate
Hamas Israeli defense minister yof
gallan speaking to the IDF Naval
Personnel on Thursday also vowed that
Israel would resume intense fighting
after the short
truce Jin news