rtion is preparing for the possibility
of evacuating hundreds of thousands of
American citizens from West Asia
according to officials familiar with the
US government contingency planning if
the Bloodshed in Gaza cannot be
contained thousands of American citizens
will require evacuation from the region
the official speaking on condition of
anonymity said that Americans living in
Israel and neighboring Lebanon are of
particular concerned though they stress
that an evacuation of that magnitude is
considered a worst case scen scario and
that other outcomes are seen as more
likely according to the state department
estimates there were about 600,000 US
citizens in Israel and another
86,000 believed to be in Lebanon when
Hamas attack the Spectre of such
operations come as Israeli forces aided
by Us weapons and Military advisors
prepare for what is widely expected to
be a Dangerous Ground offensive against
Hamas but till Israel launches its
ground offensive continuous Israeli air
strikes on Gaza have destroyed most of
the neighborhoods there officials from
the Hamas run Health Ministry say that
the overall death toll has risen to more
than 5,700 people more than half of
those killed were women and children and
according to the United Nations about
1.4 million Gins have been displaced
with more than half a million people in
147 un shelters now according to the
United Nations more than 400,000
Palestinians are now categorized as
internally displaced persons hundreds of
thousands have packed into un shelter
facilities which are severely
overcrowded Israel is bombing not only
Northern Gaza but Southern Gaza as well
including the border crossing city of
Rafa Israel's military has even told
gazin to move South otherwise they could
be identified as sympathizers with a
terrorist organization if they stay put
but even if these people move South many
families left Gaza to the South say that
they have lost relatives during the
Israeli air strikes in southern Gaza and
although Israel says it did not Target
civilians the Palestinians argue
[Music]
otherwise