sifting the rubble in Rafa after an
early morning air
strike you can see all the destruction
there and it was said that this was a
safe area there are no safe areas every
place is exposed to shelling and
destruction the UN says 1.9 million
gazin have now been displaced thousands
are now arriving in Rafa every day the
Israeli military has designated it one
of their safe zones
but they are filling up and they're not
that safe already Meer supplies are
being stretched even thinner food
shortages are now real
concern since the temporary truce
collapsed aid from Egypt has slowed to a
trickle from the main UN Agency for the
Palestinians there were more dire
warnings of the worsening conditions the
pace of the
military assault in southern Gaza is a
repeat of the assault in Northern
Gaza that it has made no place
safe for civilians in southern Gaza
which had been a
Cornerstone of the humanitarian plan to
protect civilians and thus to provide
Aid to
them further north there is still
intense fighting in and around Gaza
City the resistance Fighters are still
running the Battle of al-a flood for the
62nd day with wisdom and power they
defend the Palestinian people Al and Al
inflicting on the Israeli Army heavy
losses jabalia and Shaya camps were hit
from the air and there were reports of
fierce gun battles on the ground Israel
says it struck Hamas targets but despite
the warnings thousands of civilians are
still there in the north we have also
seen intense fighting between IDF forces
and Hamas forces in jabalia and shaja
which have been completely encircled we
have broken through their defensive
lines and those terrorists are now
emerging from their underground tunnels
to engage our men in close
combat further south this was the
aftermath of an air strike on can Yunis
Palestinians say a residential building
was hit with dozens of civilians injured
and many thought to be trapped beneath
the
rubble Israel says its troops are now
everywhere in Gaza including K yunes and
surrounding the house of Hamas leader
Yaya sinoa he is thought to be
Sheltering
underground Israel says it wants him
dead or alive part of its plan to
destroy Hamas and its leadership but
thousands of civilians are still caught
in the middle Simon McGregor wood trt
world