while the Israel Hamas conflict could
result in massive uncertainty for the
tech sector while Israel is already
among the top Tech nations in the world
it's the upand cominging Palestinian
tech industry that's been blown apart by
the war between Israel and Hamas now
before the Israel Hamas war palestine's
tech sector was growing at a very steady
Pace despite being one of the most
economically challenged regions in the
world in the past few years the world
had started to witness several top-notch
companies emerging from Gaza Gaza Sky
Geeks backed by alphabet the parent
company of Google is the largest tech
Hub in Palestine in 2022 around 5,000
quars and developers from across the
West Bank and Gaza graduated from the
program those working in palestine's
Tech sector estimate that as much as $10
million have been invested in the
Palestinian Tech ecosystem so far most
of the funding is from International
tech companies while Iana Monto the
co-founder and CEO of a Palestine based
social impact startup Manara has said
and I'm quoting a here the Gaza has been
bombed many a times before this time it
is completely different for the tech
sector for a slew of reasons number one
electricity was cut off to the entire
Gaza Strip a major amount of
infrastructure has been bombed most
people have lost cell phone connections
and also internet access completely or
have access to 2G only on their cell
phones meanwhile as for the media
reports many tech companies are planning
to shift their business operations to
India or other locations that is if the
Israel Hamas conflict escalates while
more than 500 Global mnc's such as Intel
Microsoft and Google have offices in
[Music]
Israel