the ongoing conflict between Israel and
Hamas has led to a significant increase
in cyber attacks a prominent threat
actor to emerge recently is cyber tufan
it is said that cyber tufan is the
handiwork of Iranian sponsored threat
actors it is speculated that cyber
tuan's name is inspired from the October
7th attacks which Hamas called tufan Al
AA or Al AA flood cyber tufan has been a
targeting prominent Israeli businesses
and organizations over the past few
weeks according to reports the Cyber
Tuan hackers posted a message on
telegram claiming to have destroyed more
than 1,000 servers and breached around
150 Israeli Targets this includes
government agencies and
companies Tel Aviv based security and
risk management company Max security
signature I it and Israel's Ikea are few
of the many cyber crime victims of the
tufan group understand that signature it
provides e-commerce and website hosting
services to several government entities
and e-commerce companies in Israel now
according to Media reports there's been
a 22% increase in overall cyber attacks
against Israeli targets since the start
of the war attacks on mobile devices as
well as iot devices such as security
cameras have also increased since the
war
started it is not just Israel even
countries who support Israel have not
been spared by cyber Tuan last week
bahrain's foreign Ministry and the
information Affairs Ministry websites
were briefly inaccessible due to a
malware attack later on Cyber Tuan
claimed responsibility for this
attack the group shared that they
attacked the bahin government's websites
due to their stance on the ongoing
Israel Hamas
War the emergence of cyber Tuan
underlines the growing importance of
cyber security in the modern world while
the physical Battlefield remains a
crucial Arena the digital Battlefield is
quickly becoming a critical front in
Conflict
[Music]
zones