[Music]
Israel's Prime Minister has visited the
scene of Wednesday's deadly shooting at
a Tel Aviv restaurant gunmen opened fire
at a restaurant in a popular
entertainment area of the city killing
four israelis and wounding several
others in response Israel has revoked
entry permits for tens of thousands of
Palestinians preventing them from
visiting relatives and praying at the
alexsa mosque during the holy month of
Ramadan the Israeli military has also
sent hundreds of additional troops into
the occupied West Bank benyamin
Netanyahu condemned the Palestinian
Authority
from up above aha you thought I heard
with appreciation the harsh and
unequivocal condemnations from the
leading capitals of the world on the
matter of this heinous murder I did not
hear such condemnation from the
Palestinian Authority
Greg källström has more on the security
cabinet meeting in Israel
well there are some very high
expectations on the cabinet here a
victor Lieberman the defense minister
was sworn in just over a week ago he was
in the opposition before he took office
in the defense ministry and he was very
critical of the government to the way it
responded to these sorts of attacks he's
called in the past for cutting funds
from Palestinian Authority for imposing
the death penalty on Palestinian
attackers and yet after this three-hour
meeting today at the security cabinet
the leaks that we've heard the policies
that we've heard have been somewhat more
restrained Lieberman is said he's going
to stop the army from returning the
bodies of Palestinian attackers who were
killed in the act he said he's going to
speed up the demolition of the homes of
Palestinian attackers which is a very
controversial policy here but that was
it there was no talk about you know
sending people to the gallows and so
Lieberman now coming under a fair amount
of criticism from his own right wing
supporters for not delivering on these
promises
you