for decades now Iran and Israel have
been engaged in a shadow War falling
short of direct military confrontation
the friction has been characterized by
War through other means proxies Cyber
attack sanctions and fiery rhetoric
here's all you need to know about Iran's
Regional armed Network now Iran hopes to
leverage its Network to move equipment
and personel across West Asia to bolster
the country's drive for regional hedgman
and remove Western powers in recent
years Iran has sought to improve
cooperation among these forces to form a
more united axis of resistance against
mutal enemies thean has relied heavily
on its axis of resistance armed groups
in Iraq Yemen Lebanon Syria and
others now they share theon's goals
regarding countering Israel and
weakening Us's influence in the region
as per the conversation portal tan and
Tel
Aviv have been adversaries virtually
since the 1979 Revolution when Sha of
Iran fled the nation to be replaced by a
theocracy new leader Ayatollah kamini
broke the former regime's ties with Tel
Aviv and quickly adopted a strident
anti-israel
agenda in the decades since Israel and
Iran have inflicted harm on the others
interests they this has included attacks
backed by Iran against Israeli interests
in Argentina and thran's backing of
hezbollah's Insurgency against Israel in
Lebanon meanwhile Iranian officials have
blamed Israel for the killing of senior
military officials and scientists
related to Iran's nuclear program the
conflict between the axis and its
enemies had remained limited for years
even though Iran funds and supports the
access other countries have often
treated its member groups as dis
distinct from Iran attacks by Hamas or
hasbullah usually did not lead to reprs
against
Iran recent events in West Asia have
changed the nature of Israel Iran
friction on Saturday Iran responded to
an Israeli strike alleged Israeli strike
on its Syrian consulate by crossing a
line it had to date not cross
launching a direct attack on Israeli
soil for all the latest news download
the Von app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel