[Music]
another day another Israeli bombardment
in Gaza the focus this time the southern
city of KH yunes air strikes forced
injured Palestinians to seek treatment
at the NASA Hospital the largest
functioning Hospital left in Gaza but
it's in the firing line Medics here say
fighting has come within meters of the
facility we waited all night until dawn
for the ambulance my mother was alive
and told me don't worry go grab the rest
of the injured relatives but she is gone
now the Israeli military has reportedly
been targeting shelters where 30,000
displaced civilians had been requested
to gather including schools and medical
facilities as fighting intensifies there
is no diplomatic solution in sight
Israel's prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu flatly rejected the idea of a
sovereign Palestinian state after US
president President Joe Biden called for
one at the weekend believe that this
conflict as all conflicts do will end at
some point and that there needs to be a
political path forward for the
establishment of a Palestinian state
that is the only way not just to answer
the legitimate hop dreams aspirations of
the Palestinian people but it is also
this is critical the only way to provide
lasting security for the Israeli people
Netanyahu also rejected the terms of a
deal put forward by Hamas which could
have seen Israeli hostages held in Gaza
released 136 hostages the health
Ministry in Gaza said the death toll in
the conflict has now passed
25,000 with around 250 people dying
every day Oxfam has said the daily death
rate in Gaza is higher than in any other
major conflict this
Century despite widespread calls for a
ceasefire including most recently from
the European Parliament the US continues
to stand firmly behind its Ally Israel
but recent polls suggest Joe Biden's
uncritical support for Israel has lost
him a lot of support and could cost him
the presidential
election rert Stone trt World