Qatar has strong links to Hamas some of
whose leaders are based in the capital
Doha like Ismael Han and unlike its Gulf
neighbors the United Arab Emirates and
Bahrain Qatar hasn't normalized ties
with Israel despite keeping channels of
communication open it's this position
that could give it more sway Qatar
expanded its role in the Israeli
Palestinian conflict back in 2006 when
Hamas won the Palestinian legislative
elections the qataris tried mediating
between Hamas and fata the party of late
Palestinian leader yasa Arafat but
failed a year later Hamas violently
seized control of the Gaza
Strip while other governments ostracized
the militants Qatar stepped up its role
in the territory 2012 was a pivotal year
Hamas opened a political office in the
Qatari Capital Doha while qatar's former
Amir became the first head of state to
visit the Gaza Strip since Hamas took
control
shik hammad bin khif Alani was given a
hero's welcome urging the Palestinians
to put on a United
front first the division between
Palestinians and second the division
between the Arabs have caused more
damage to the Palestinian cause than the
repeated Israeli aggression there are no
peace negotiations and there is no clear
strategy of resistance and
liberation
he also pledged $400 million to rebuild
Gaza at a time when International Aid to
the territory was drying up since then
it's largely Qatari money that's
prevented a humanitarian crisis with
Doha reportedly providing the territory
with $1 billion in financial aid between
2012 and
2018 and it's an arrangement that
appears to have suited the Israeli
government too which views the money as
a way of keeping tensions in check for
three years later those tensions have
spiraled into open Warfare the qaris
will now see the conflict as an
opportunity to push its credentials as
the regions goto negotiator succeeding
where other Regional powerhouses have
failed