US Secretary of State Anthony blinkin
called his Chinese counterpart on
Saturday and urged Beijing to use its
influence to push for calm in West Asia
after the Israel Hamas War the state
department said blinkin spoke with
foreign affairs minister wangi before
departing from Riyad the US Secretary of
State currently is on his West Asia
crisis trip where the Diplomat is
attempting to shore up support for
Israel among other Arab Nations after
Saudi Arabia blinking scheduled to visit
Egypt on Sunday before returning to
Washington and there is speculation that
Lincoln may meet with the Saudi Crown
Prince Muhammad bin
Salman China's involvement in West Asia
has reshaped the Region's landscape the
country's
non-interventionist approach in the Arab
Nations has resulted in growing ties
with Beijing as a means of
diversification hence China's incre
increasing involvement in West Asia is a
significant factor in shaping the
Region's geopolitical landscape and has
substantial implications for global
politics now apart from China's
political success on the defense front
Chinese firms have successfully sold
armed drones and light aircraft to the
UAE this has allowed abudhabi to bypass
concerns and roadblocks faced by within
the US Congress which has a powerful say
in export of such
equipment so as China strengthens its
economic ties in West Asia it will seek
to challenge the United States
predominance in the region but given
their Reliance on US military bases and
weapons Imports Arab states are unlikely
to fully unel their security
relationship with the United States in
the short
term Saturday's SC with W which lasted
about an hour was made possible in part
by The Diplomatic Outreach the Biden
Administration has done with Chinese
leader Xi Jinping over the last few
months said the state department
spokesman United States remains
committed this also included a trip
Lincoln took to Beijing in June that
reopened lines of communication with
China after months of
tension
[Music]