[Music]
[Music]
yeah
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
work
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
yeah
the humanitarian situation it's not me
who's going to explain you what you can
watch at the TV screens it's very dire
and the only thing that we can
do is to ask for a humanitarian Po and
to increase the access of the
humanitarian support this is what is in
our hands and that's what we are doing
we're engaging all our political
capacity Financial resources logistic
capacity in order to make the
humanitarian support to reach the border
to go
intoa and to make pressure in order to
ask for the respect of the law of the
world this is what is in our hands and
that's what we are
[Music]
doing
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
yeah
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
when things are so delicate
we all have a responsibility to take
additional care in the language we use
and to operate on the basis of facts
alone the reaction to the horrific
explosion at the Al Ali Arab hospital
was a case in point as I indicated last
week we have taken care to look at all
the evidence currently available Mr
Speaker I can now share our assessment
with the house on the basis of the deep
knowledge and Analysis of our intellig
and weapons experts the British
government judges that the explosion was
likely caused by a missile or part of
one that was launched from within Gaza
towards
Israel the misreporting of this incident
had a negative effect in the region
including on a vital us diplomatic
effort and on tensions here at
[Music]
home
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
yeah