turning our focus to west asia where top
officials from israel and palestine held
their highest level meeting in years but
both sides have played down prospects of
any major diplomatic breakthroughs
israeli defense minister benigns met
palestine president mahmoud abbas a
palestinian official said that the talks
with gantz included all aspects of the
palestinian-israel relations including
shaping the security and economic
situation in west bank and gaza israel
will also lend the cash draft
palestinian authority over 150 million
dollars which will be repaid in the form
of deducting tax collections israel
normally hands to the palestinians the
meeting came just hours after bennett
returned from washington where he met
u.s president joe biden biden had said
he would urge bennett to find ways to
advance peace and security and
prosperity for israelis and palestinians
a source close to israeli prime minister
naftali bennett said that he had
approved the meeting and focused on
issues between the defense establishment
and the palestinian authority when it
took office in june as head of an
election coalition he is a long-standing
opponent of the palestinian statehood
and former head of a council that
lobbies for jewish settlers in the west
bank a territory occupied by israel
since 1967.
jewish settlements in the west bank are
considered illegal under international
law but despite his personal views his
government has sought to warm ties with
palestine after relations effectively
collapsed under former pres prime
minister
benjamin netanyahu
relations have especially been tense
since may this year when an 11 day
conflict between israel and militants in
the gaza strip saw the two governments
come to the brink of war
[Music]
beyond is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move