[Music]
dr. narubu wasabi teaches jerusalem
study is a tall aqsa mosque and she
joins me now live from east jerusalem
thanks so much for joining us this
really has been an emotional week for
Palestinians we've seen scenes of
celebration contrasted with violent
clashes and several deaths even how do
you assess the current mood in the
territories where you are
actually
as you mentioned it is some kind of
victory this victory will remain very
partial and very incomplete but there is
some kind of achievement the
Palestinians the Jerusalemites the
Palestinians from Palestine occupied in
1948 have shown different reaction
during these incidents the massive
numbers of people gathering around the
mosque the very long is sitting in at
the gates
the very well-organized crowds the unity
around the leaders and Imams we're
unique the Palestinians have have not
shown this kind of cooperation and unity
before that so there there are some is
there are there is some achievement in
this matter actually the Palestinians
have become more aware they have shown
the occupation that al-aqsa mosque is a
red line and now they are back to their
identity we can find that religious
people and unreligious people are all in
agreement that al-aqsa mosque is the
symbol of our presence in in this land
for those who who are religious they
believe that al-aqsa mosque is a place
where Prophet Mohammed ascended to
heaven from all prophets came in here it
is mentioned in the Holy Quran prayers
are multiplied inside it and and for
those who are non-religious they find
that this is a symbol of our remain
because this is our history this is the
the place where the Arabs
have built so we can find secular and
Islamist everyone different parties they
all see that they will not compromise
any
resolution over al-aqsa mosque they will
not accept any division okay dr north
abu-assad unfortunately we don't have
much time thank you so much for that and
it's very interesting to hear that
you've you feel this is the first time
that kind of cooperation and unity has
really been seen among Palestinians in a
in a long time I hope that maybe that
can continue and that violence can can
be staved off thank you so much for
joining us there from occupied East
Jerusalem
[Music]