dense smoke Rose over Gaza on Sunday
Israel says it has achieved almost
complete operational control over the
northern part of the densely populated
Enclave but residents and Palestinian
media have reported bombings in parts of
jabalia and continued fighting and
meanwhile the death toll continues to
rise a Gaza Health Ministry spokesperson
said on Sunday that 166 Palestinians had
been killed in the past 24 hours alone
more than 20,000 Palestinians have died
in the past 11 weeks of fighting tens of
thousands have been wounded With Many
Bodies believed to be trapped under the
rubble Israel has long urged residents
to leave Northern parts of Gaza but its
forces have also been bombarding Targets
in the center and the South Palestinian
medics in Rafa on gaza's border with
Egypt said an Israeli air strike on a
house had killed two people in the
southern city of Han Yunis the
Palestinian red crescent reported an
attack on one of its main bases the
Israeli military has expressed regret
for civilian deaths but blames Hamas for
operating in densely populated areas or
using civilians as human Shields an
allegation the group denies Israel's
military also said nine of its soldiers
had been killed in the past
day that brings combat losses to
155 and marked one of the highest daily
death tolls for Israeli forces in the
ground assault so
far
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu said the war was exacting
quote a very heavy cost from us but that
quote we have no choice but to continue
fighting speaking at his weekly cabinet
meeting Netanyahu also dismissed reports
that the US had convinced Israel not to
expand its military campaign The Wall
Street Journal reported on Saturday that
US President Joe Biden had persuaded
Netanyahu not to attack the militant
Hezbollah group in neighboring Lebanon
out of concerns it might launch an
attack on Israel
is but Netanyahu said that Israel is
quote a sovereign state and that its
decisions in the war are not quote
dictated by external pressures
and