US Secretary of State Anthony blinkin
says the US has circulated a draft un
Security Council resolution calling for
an immediate ceasefire in the Gaza Strip
his on tour in the Middle East this week
which includes stopping Israel chunju
tells us
more good afterno the United States has
circulated a draft un Security Council
resolution calling for an immediate
ceasefire linked to the release of host
es in the Gaza Strip Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin made the announcement
while on a tour of the Middle East that
will include a stop in Israel blinkin
began his Tour by holding talks in Saudi
Arabia on Wednesday in an interview in
jedha blinken said that negotiations to
secure an immediate ceasefire and the
release of hostages held by Hamas are
getting closer to a deal he is set to
meet Arab foreign ministers and a senior
Palestinian official in Cairo Egypt on
Thursday according to an egyp foreign
Ministry note as he pushes for a truce
between Israel and Hamas in the Gaza
Strip This is blink's sixth trip to the
Middle East since the Israel Hamas War
Began on October 7th the US a strong
supporter of Israel has vetoed previous
un Security Council votes on the nearly
six-month War objecting as recently as
in February to the use of the term
immediate in a draft submitted by
Algeria in recent weeks however
Washington has increased the pressure on
Israel
since blocking the Algerian draft
resolution us officials have been
negotiating an alternative text focusing
on support for diplomatic efforts on the
ground for a six-week truce in exchange
for the release of hostages blinkin on
Wednesday also underlined the growing
sense of Crisis as he warned that all of
gaza's 2 million people were
experiencing severe levels of acute food
insecurity United Nations Secretary
General Antonio gares on Monday called a
unbacked report on hunger in Gaza an
appalling indictment of conditions on
the ground for civilians the EU accused
Israel on Monday of provoking famine and
using starvation as a weapon of War
Israel has rejected these claims saying
it does not Target civilians and is only
interested in eliminating Hamas as the
UN condemns Israel for obstructing the
entry of Aid into Gaza the prospects of
Israel facing War crime charges of
triggering a man-made famine is
increasing Tong news