US President Joe Biden called hamas's
attack on Israel an atrocity on an
appalling scale promised that the US has
Israel's back and then issued a warning
let me say again to any country any
organization anyone thinking of taking
advantage of this
situation I have one word
don't
don't our hearts may be broken but our
resolve is clear Biden tried to separate
the Palestinian people from Hamas Hamas
does not stand for the Palestinians
people's right to dignity and
self-determination the state of purposes
the annihilation of the state of Israel
and the murder of Jewish people National
Security adviser Jake suvin says the
death toll of Americans killed in the
Hamas attack has grown to more than a
dozen with nearly two dozen unaccounted
for but it's not clear how many of those
are being held high hostage by Hamas
Sullivan said there are still no plans
to put US forces into the conflict and
that for now the US is only helping
Israel beef up its Iron Dome defense
shield and providing expertise and
intelligence and sending a flotilla of
Warships toward Israel as a deterrent
but he was asked how much of Israel's
retaliation its destruction in Gaza is
the US willing to tolerate I don't think
of this in terms of retaliation this is
about providing support to Israel as it
seeks to defend its territory and deal
with an ongoing imminent threat from
Hamas terrorists still the Biden
Administration is talking to officials
in Israel and Egypt about providing a
safe passage to Palestinians perhaps
through Egypt even though Egypt has been
reluctant in the past to open up its
Gaza border to them and that is sure to
be one of the topics when US Secretary
of State Anthony blinkin arrives in
Israel later this week Andy Rosen trt
world