today kisala fired an anti-tank missile
from Lebanon
hitting a a Greek Orthodox Church in
Northern Israel wounding two Israeli
Christians when IDF troops arrived to
evacuate the wounded kisala terrorist
fired another missile at the church
wounding nine of our soldiers shortly
after kis balah deliberately fired at
the church kisala then fired at Israel
from next to a mosque in
Lebanon we shared clear video evidence
of this so that bala's violations of
international law are not are on full
display to the
world Iran backed kisala in Lebanon
follows the same extremist and dangerous
ideology as
hamas's firing from holy sites in
Lebanon and Gaza firing at holy sites
across Israel kis bala's committing war
crimes by indiscriminately attacking
places of Warship just like
Hamas kisala is kisala is risking the
stability of the region for the sake of
Kamas kisala started attacking Israel on
October 7th and it's being increasing
its attacks ever since the IDF has been
responding and will continue to respond
kisala is trying to drag the country of
Lebanon and the Rin into this war that
Kamas
started if kisala continues they will
bear the consequences and the
responsibility for the
outcome an unnecessary War aimed at
fulfilling an Isis ideology that could
bring an unwanted destruction to the
people of Lebanon in this war they don't
deserve a war that the entire region
doesn't
deserve we are preparing for all
scenarios should a diplomatic solution
not be found Tois bala's constant
violations of un secr Security Council
resolution
1701 hisis balah is a threat to Israel
Lebanon and the entire region from
breaking new news detailed analysis
in-depth interviews and explainers
follow the times of India subscribe to
our YouTube channel don't forget to like
our videos and hit the Bell icon to stay
updated with the
latest