[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
Mr President if you care about Jewish
people as a rabbi I need you to call for
a ceasefire right
[Music]
today uh thanks to concerted American
leadership we're in a situation where
safe passage for wounded Palestinians
and foreign Nationals to ex Gaza has
started the American citizens are able
to exit today as part of the first group
of probably over a thous thousand will
see more of this process going on in the
coming days working nonstop to get
Americans out of Gaza as soon and as
safely as possible this is a result of
intense and Urgent American diplomacy
with our partners in the region I
personally spent a lot of time speaking
with the Prime Minister Netanyahu of
Israel and the president CeCe of Egypt
and others to make sure that we could
open this access for people to get out I
want to thank our partner in the region
and particularly cutter who worked so
closely with us to support negotiations
to to facilitate the departure of these
citizens at the same time we're
continuing working to significantly step
up the flow of critical humanitarian
assistance in the Gaza the number of
trucks entering Gaza continues to
increase significantly but we still have
a long way to go the United States are
going to continue to drive humanitarian
support for innocent people in Gaza who
need help and they do need help we're
going to continue to affirm that Israel
has the right to and responsibility to
defended citizens from Terror and it
needs to do so in a manner that is
consistent with International and
humanitarian
law
okay
CL
[Music]
[Music]
is
we transfer patients from several
hospitals in Gaza including alifa
Hospital Alexa M's Hospital European
Gaza hospital and NASA medical complex
the total number is 81 and there are no
serious injuries or ICU patients however
these injured people need Advanced
surgeries and treatments now there are a
lot of patients in gaza's hospitals and
the transferred patients only account
for a small
proportion
[Music]
AB