it is now the sixth day in the Israel
Hamas humanitarian pause here are the
most recent
developments 81 hostages in 180
Palestinian prisoners have been released
over the course of the last 5 days the
pause is expected to end today November
29th now the focus is on whether cutter
could negotiate another
extension the Israeli PM posted on X
saying quote we are committed to
continuing our mission the return of all
our abductees the elimination of Hamas
above and below ground and the promise
that Gaza will no longer pose a threat
to the citizens of Israel the United
States supports further extension in the
operational pause between Israel and
Hamas White House National Security
Council spokesperson John Kirby said
quote we want to see all the hostages
released and so if there can be an
extended pause Beyond these two-day
extensions we're in favor of
that cutter hosted the Spy Chiefs from
Israel's Massad and the United States
CIA a source briefed on the matter said
the official discussed the possibility
of a new phase to the truce deel a phase
where Hamas would release hostages who
are men or military personnel Not Just
Women and Children cutter spoke to Hamas
before the meeting to get a sense of
what the group might agree to turkey's
Health Minister said that turkey hopes
to set up field hospitals to start
providing Health Services in Gaza in a
post on X the health Minister said a
team had crossed into Gaza to determine
the best sites for field
hospitals on November 29th turkey also
sent a plane filled with medical
supplies to the region the World Health
Organization said more gin could soon be
dying of disease than from bombing many
Goins have no access to medicines
vaccines safe water or
food India has voted in favor of a draft
resolution in the UN General Assembly
that expressed deep concern over Israel
not withdrawing from the Syrian Golan
region the Syrian Golan is a region in
Southwest Syria that was occupied by
Israeli forces on June 5th 1967
thank you for joining us for this update
stay tuned as we continue to bring you
the latest developments in this complex
and evolving
situation