these men in black masks holding clubs
walk the streets of Rafa in an effort to
restore a semblance of public order to
the city in southern Gaza Rafa is
overwhelmed with Palestinians who've
fled from an Israeli military Invasion
that has displaced almost the entire
population of the Gaza Strip the Hamas
islamist movement that has governed and
policed Gaza for more than a decade has
now gone underground to escape Israeli
strikes so it's Fallen to these men
wearing headbands that read people's
protection committee to try and push
back against lawlessness none of them
who spoke to Reuters would give their
names and it's not entirely clear what
relationship they have to the Hamas
movement this man said the committee was
set up jointly by the Hamas run Gaza
interior Ministry and what he called
Palestinian factions popular on the
streets he said he wanted to control the
street to ensure there was still safety
in in the country Reuters was unable to
reach a spokesperson for the Gaza
interior Ministry which has stopped
operating normally since the War Began
spokespeople for Hamas Islamic Jihad and
another major armed faction did not
immediately respond to requests for
comment the patrolman said they were
primarily concerned with price gouging
in The besieged Enclave the conflict has
led to intense shortages of all Goods in
Gaza with Israel allowing only
humanitarian Aid Into The Enclave
trickling in at a far slower rate than
food and Medicine did before the
conflict this man said they gave
warnings to Merchants whose prices are
deemed too high and that after several
warnings their goods could be
confiscated amid the war some Rafa
residents appeared to welcome the
emergence of the people's protection
committees to tackle lawlessness and War
profiteers but others seemed worried at
the idea of armed masked men taking over
the job
policing the Vigilantes feared being
identified by Israel or by the clans of
propers whose Goods they had seized one
person said people backing the
Vigilantes said they were worried that
Israel would see them as Hamas
supporters