West Asia is on edge but Ukraine is
sensing an opportunity and this is why
we as we are saying this because
Ukrainian president vadir zalinski is
holding up the air attack on Israel as
an example of why his country needs help
from its allies to W off similar threats
zelinsky has also condemned Iran's drone
and missile attack on Israel the US
Congress is yet to approve a vital Aid
package that is lying blocked for months
due to political wrangling
modern Aviation has proved its
Effectiveness modern air defense systems
are capable of protecting life this was
demonstrated in the Middle East when
Aviation and air defense shot down
Iranian missiles and drones that were
directed at Israel the whole world sees
what real protection is sees that it is
possible the Russian missile and drone
attacks have been pounding Ukrainian
energy infrastructure since mid-march
prompting Kiev to issue increasingly Des
seate calls for air defense help
Ukraine's top Commander says Russian
forces are advancing to capture the town
of chivar by May 9th he has warned that
this will set the stage for an important
battle for control of High Ground the
East where Russia is focusing its
assault chassi VR indones region lies 10
kilm from bakut the devastated City
captured by Russian forces last May
after months of bloody fighting
according to high ranking Ukrainian
officers or officials the situation on
the front lines is green Ukraine says it
urgently needs 26 Patriot systems to
cover the country's territory in full
however Western allies have been
reluctant to send additional air
defenses to Kiev this year Ukraine tried
to find a pressure point to strike back
against the Russian forces using
domestically produced long range drones
to bomb oil facilities deep inside
Russia
Ukraine now faces man power challenges
and artillery shell
shortages for all the latest news
download the we on app And subscribe to
our YouTube channel