the conflict in the Middle East this
morning both Iran and Israel are trying
to turn down the heat and what many had
feared could be a major escalation in
the region ABC's Tom Sufi bur is
following developments from Israel
including late word this morning of a
blast at an Iranian backed army base in
Iraq Tom good morning to
you good morning J yeah an explosion
overnight at the base of a pro-iranian
militia in Iraq that militia reporting
casualties the US military denying any
involvement no comment from the IDF of
course it comes less than 24 hours after
that Israeli strike on Iran new
satellite images showing damage to an
Iranian military base near the city of
Isfahan a senior Us official telling ABC
News isra Jets fired at least three
missiles from outside of Iranian
airspace at a radar defense system
protecting a key Iranian nuclear
facility adding the nuclear site was not
the target but underlining that Israeli
attack designed to be a warning that
Israel can hit Iran's most precious
assets Iranian officials playing down
the attack Israeli officials not
commenting both sides dialing down the
temperature so this weekend the threat
of a direct war between Israel and Iran
these two Regional military Powers
subsiding but Israel's battle with
Iranian proxies in this region will
continue Iran's massive aerial assault
on Israel last weekend precipitated by
that Israeli strike in Syria earlier
this month which killed two Iranian
generals this morning no imminent threat
to US forces in the region but a Us
official saying there remains a risk of
retaliatory attacks from Iranian proxies
wait yeah the entire world on edge
waiting to see what happens next Tom
thank you