[Music]
last night the leaders of Australia
Canada and New Zealand issued a
statement um warning Israel against any
offensive in uh in Rafa uh saying it
could be devastating and catastrophic um
these are some of the closest US allies
and part of the part of the five eyes
group obviously um can you tell us why
the United States um thinks differently
to them and still feels that um it's
possible that Israel can offer for uh
you know that may be able to offer a
credible plan uh for an offensive that
can protect civilians I don't see a
whole heck of a lot of gap between what
what they' what they've been saying and
what we've been saying I mean
um I can't speak for them I can just
tell you that we continue to believe
that under the current circumstances
without a credible plan as the president
said to account for the more than a
million Palestinians that are down in
Rafa make sure that they have a place
where they can be safe and secure and
out of Harm's Way without that credible
plan a major operation in Rafa would be
a disaster we we we we agree with that
and we're continuing to talk to our
Israeli counterparts about what that
plan might look
like including a very large US shipment
could actually be delivered it would
feed something like 1.4 million Gins
over 6 months what is the status of that
and what can you do to ensure that those
shipments get in I I wish I could tell
you that that flower was moving in but I
can't do that right now and all I can
tell you is that it's absolutely
critical um as a staple for the
Palestinian people and we're going to
keep working with our Israeli
counterparts to see if we can get that
Port open to that flower it's it's
absolutely vital they committed to
allowing it in we want to make sure that
[Applause]
happens
[Music]
spee
[Music]
[Music]
fore
l
spee
[Music]
[Music]
look
[Music]
[Music]
spe
[Music]
spee
thanks
for
[Music]
go
[Music]
the
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]