now tension mounts in the Middle East
air raid sirens and explosions are being
heard in cities across Israel including
Tel Aviv and Jerusalem as Israeli us UK
and Jordanian forces shoot down missiles
and drones launched from Iran Iran has
launched hundreds of drones as well as
cruise missiles towards the Israel the
Islamic Republic's first ever direct
attack on the Jewish State Iran says it
carried out the attack in response to an
Israeli raid on the Iranian culate in
Syria and says the matter can now be
deemed concluded Israeli Prime Minister
bamin Netanyahu has said that this
country is prepared for every scenario
and it will do everything to defend
itself he added that whoever will harm
Israel Israel will hit back meanwhile
both US President Joe Biden and Rishi
sonak UK prime minister have condemned
Iran's attack and reiterated their
support for Israel the US has said that
its support for Israel security is
Ironclad
Iran has launched a direct attack from
Iranian soil towards the state of
Israel we are closely monitoring Iranian
killer drones that are on route to
Israel sent by Iran this is a severe and
dangerous
escalation our defensive and offensive
capabilities are at the highest level of
rediness ahead of this large scale
attack from
Iran together with with our partners the
Israel Defense Forces is operating at
full force to defend the state of Israel
and the people of Israel this is a
mission that we are determined and ready
to
fulfill for
I want to say God Bless the people of
Israel they're under attack right now
that's that's because we show great
weakness this would not happen the
weakness that we've shown it's
unbelievable and it would not have
happened if we were in office you know
that that they know that everybody knows
that but America prays for Israel we
send our absolute support to everyone In
Harm's Way this is an attack that would
not have happened I mean to think about
to think about what we have to go
through and the things we put up with
with the Border