the Canadian press is reporting tonight
that discussions are still ongoing about
whether Canada will restore funding to
un Aid organization in Gaza the
organization is the main source of
humanitarian assistance in the region
but several countries paused payments
after Israel alleged some of the
agency's workers participated in the
October 7th Hamas attack ctv's Judy Trin
on the
desperation thousands of food packages
dropped from the air insufficient to
Stave off starvation at least 10
children have died in recent days from
malnutrition according to the World
Health Organization the United States
government is airdropping a tiny
quantity of Aid including sweeps for
children into Gaza as if that is a
solution to millions of people who don't
have enough food and can't access food
humanitarian groups says their trucks
are being blockaded at the border
crossings by Israel we need land
Crossings we need access to get it in to
Gaza whether in the southern parts of
the Gaza or the northern part of part of
Gaza because the situation is
catastrophic last week more than 100
people were killed as crowds gathered
around Aid trucks Israeli forces say
they fired warning shots while doctors
say they fired at
Palestinians one day after the incident
the European Union restored its funding
to unra it has recently decided to
continue its funding of Andra uh in
spite of the
allegations Israel now claims that 450
unra workers are linked to Hamas
militants but it hasn't provided
evidence as the UN investigates more
than a dozen countries including Canada
have stopped donations last Saturday
angry protesters confronted Canada's
International Development Minister over
the suspension of funds Canada's next
contribution of $25 million is due in
April Ahmed Hussein hasn't said when
funding will be restored human rights
Advocates are calling on Canada to push
Israel to let in more Aid by introducing
sanctions the government is also being
sued in federal court to stop it from
exporting military goods and Technology
to Israel Omar all right Judy thank you