we begin in the occupied West Bank where
an Israeli drone strike has killed six
Palestinians in Janine the city has seen
battles between Israeli forces and
Palestinian Fighters the Army raided
parts of Janine and surrounded its
refugee camp they have been nearly daily
raids in the West Bank since the
beginning of the war now all six
Palestinians killed in Janine were from
the same family four of them were
brothers man
[Music]
we can speak now to Bernard Smith who is
in Bethlehem in the occupied West Bank
Bernard what more can you tell us about
these latest
strikes so Meen six Palestinians from
the same family four of them brothers
killed in Janine and a female Israeli
soldier also killed 19-year-old woman
now what we understand we think happened
from various sources is the Israelis
went in on a raid in an armored vehicle
and some sort of roadside bomb exploded
on that vehicle around that vehicle
killing the Israeli soldier and wounding
three others the Israelis called in a
helicopter to rescue the wounded and at
the same time a drone strike was called
in that killed those six Palestinians
now locals tell us that they were not
Fighters uh but a pipe bomb was thrown
from their direction towards the Israeli
soldiers in fact those six men or the
six members of that family were standing
it seems we standing around a fire to
keep warm uh because it's cold around
here at the moment at night and that's
that's where they were when that strike
was called in now Janine people living
there will tell you has been on a under
a state of constant Siege really uh
since October the 7th there are almost
daily Israeli raids into Janine it's
seen as a center of Palestinian
resistance against Israel's occupation
it's been like that really uh for
decades Israelis call what they're doing
there counter terrorist operation and
also in gen the Al's Brigade which is
one of the fighting groups there they
they acknowledged that their forces
their Fighters were in involved in
confrontations with the Israelis but as
I say this is a really a daily raids
daily across the occupied West Bank but
Janine really the focus of the raids
because of it's this Center of
resistance against Israel's occupation
Benet Smith there for us in Bethlehem
thank you