standing in solidarity with Gaza some of
its youngest supporters helping to
release hundreds of black balloons into
the evening sky in honor of the more
than 7,000 children killed in the strip
in the space of just 10
weeks the main event was a concert
organized by some of tur's best known
musicians and artists with all proceeds
to be donated to
Gaza the Israelis have killed so many
children women elderly Palestinians we
say enough history will not forget this
art will record all that's happened
that's why we want to use the strength
of
art the Turkish red crescent has already
raised more than $17
million since Israel's bombardment of
the besieged strip began Turkish people
watching the concert on television at
home could also give money well these
are just a few of the pictures people
people will have seen of the horror
people in Gaza are still facing and as
they come into tonight's concert they
can stop at this desk over here to make
additional donations or type the word
Gaz or Gaza into their phone via SMS I'm
from Gaza I live there in my childhood
and my uh relatives are there they are
they've been inside of a genocide since
75 days now as a person from Gaza I
really need someone to stand with me I
really need someone to lean to so seeing
these people around us it gives us power
gives us power to keep
continuing as a young person I feel very
emotional about what is happening to
Children there I can eat here but
they're starving there I can go to
hospital when I get sick but their
hospitals are being
bomed an event not just raising funds
but also the voices of those speaking
out against the indiscriminate attacks
being launched against gaza's people
Randolph Nole trt World
[Music]
Istanbul