well turning now to the war in Ukraine
there's no let up in the intensity there
as well Ukraine is reporting small gains
in both the east and south Ukrainian
forces have now confirmed the use of us
supplied long range ACM missiles this
was the first time these missiles have
been used in Ukraine more in our next
report Ukraine's military has shared
video they say shows their first use of
us long-range missiles against Russian
forces Ukraine says the Army tactical
missile systems or attacks inflicted
heavy damage on two airfields on Tuesday
in Russian occupied territory in the
east of Ukraine called luhansk and in
the south in berans on the sea of aov
Ukraine's Vladimir zinsky confirmed the
use of the weapons in his nightly
address today special thanks to the
United States our agreements with United
States President Joe Biden are being
implemented very accurately attachs
proved themselves glory to
Ukraine K earlier reported destroying
nine Russian helicopters anti-air
defenses runways and other equipment in
berdiansk and luhansk Russian military
bloggers appeared to coroporate those
attacks saying the kremlin's forces
suffered losses of personnel and
equipment in strikes carried out with
attacking Russia's ambassador to the US
Anatoli Antonov called Tuesday's attack
a grave mistake he was quoted by Russian
agencies saying the United States
continues to push for a direct clash
between NATO and Russia Tuesday is
Ukraine's first confirmed use of attacks
which can fly up to 190 Mi the White
House confirmed on Tuesday it recently
provided K with a variant that can hit
targets up to 102 M away Washington had
delivered the missiles to K in secret
Western Partners have been careful with
supplying long-range missiles key the
needs for its 4-month old counter
offensive fearing it would provoke the
Kremlin Ukraine has pledged not to use
them inside Russia's territory but said
the powerful weapons would alter the
course of the russal Ukraine war now in
its 20th month senior officials say
deploying the weapons would let Ukraine
disrupt previously unreachable supply
lines air bases and rail networks used
by Russia in occupied
territories