we are the only non-arab country Mr
chairman which has taken part in two
Arab Israeli Wars in 1967 and
1973 and our Pilots have shot down
Israeli
ples
have been very very consistent and clear
in ouros and we are the only non-arab
country Mr chairman which has taken part
in two Arab Israeli Wars in 1967 and
1973 and our pilot
have shot down Israeli planes and we
should not forget yes and uh that when
prime minister zulfakar Al BTO was prime
minister the Islamic Conference was held
in Lor and for the first time the
Palestine Liberation Organization PLO
under the leadership of yaser Arafat was
accorded the official recognition as the
sole legitimate representative of the
people of Palestine in Pakistan so
Pakistan's own future
our role in the Middle East our focus on
Palestine is inextricably intertwined
sir on this issue I would say there are
three clear areas we should focus on
number one what is the cause of what
happened on 7th of October the
resistance by the Palestinian people to
the repression of Israel 50 years 60
years of
occupation 15 years of blockade five
Arab Israeli Wars in
Gaza and and uh let me also make it very
clear because the Western media has been
talking that Hamas which is also a duly
elected representative of the people of
Gaza in June in January 2006 Mr chairman
there were elections in Gaza monitored
by the former American President Jimmy
Carter who said they are the freest
elections that took place in the Middle
East in that Hamas emerged as an elected
representative of the people people of
Gaza and so they have their Ministries
they have their government and we are
very proud of the fact the Senate of
Pakistan that I was then chairman of the
Foreign Relations Committee in June 2006
we hosted the Hamas foreign minister
Mahmud zahar when he came to Pakistan in
June 2006 and we also provided him
financial and other support and he
addressed our Parliament here and uh I
think that we have this kind of History
so we should be very clear Hamas is a
political organization representing the
people of Palestine opposing the state
terrorism of
Israel
[Music]
we