Israel says it has wrapped up its
operation in the Gaza strip's second
largest city the Israeli Army says it
pulled out its final ground troops from
KH Yunis on
Sunday this is a city in the southern
Gaza Strip that Israel identified early
on in the war as a major Hamas
stronghold now the Israeli military says
it inflicted heavy damage on Hamas
during four months of fighting it says
it killed uh hundreds or thousands of
Fighters and also caused significant
damage to the group's underground tunnel
network but this operation clearly has
taken a heavy toll thousands of
Palestinians displaced Palestinians
attempted to return home today uh
streaming into the city on foot many of
them say they don't even recognize the
place there is heavy damage across the
city thousands of buildings were
destroyed or damaged and there was scene
after scene of people going back to
where their homes used to uh to be
situated digging through Rubble in
search of clothes and other small
items now this does not mean an end to
the war this but it is an end to a
significant stage of the war and the
question is what happens now Israel is
still vowing to press ahead to Rafa the
southern city on the Egyptian border it
says this is hamas's final stronghold
and it cannot complete the war without
destroying the Hamas forces there but
there is significant International
opposition over 1 million Palestinians
have huddled in Rafa after fleeing
fighting in other parts of Gaza they say
there's no other place to go at the same
time there are ceasefire talks going on
in Cairo yet another round of these
ceasefire talks so far no signs of
progress so while we have the end to one
phase of the fighting two important uh
issues the future of Rafa and the future
of the ceasefire and ultimately when
this will end all remain in
flux