this mattress embedding makers in
Northern Gaza employed 10 people and
made a decent living for its owner
Muhammad ASI until it was destroyed by
an Israeli raid today selfie depends on
Aid to survive if he can find any his
ruined Factory in jabalia refugee camp
is just a snapshot of the damage
Israel's assault has done to the economy
of Gaza over the last 6 months a life's
work was wiped out in a day he says the
commercial losses in numbers you can say
that all our money in 30 years that we
worked for for 30 years was lost in one
day salm aad rah's mobile phone shop in
jabalia employed six people before the
war this is what it looks like now he
says about 120 people were killed in the
strike that demolished the building in
the first days of the war even before
the conflict Gaza struggled long
blockaded by Israel unemployment was
among the highest in the world but the
economic shock inflicted by the latest
war is one of the largest observed in
recent history the World Bank and the
United Nations said in a recent report
as of January 31st it said The Enclave
had suffered some $8.5 billion of damage
to critical infrastructure equal to 97%
of the GDP in 2022 of Gaza and the West
Bank Raba a father of five says he now
resorts to borrowing to meet his
family's
needs my children used to go to
educational centers and they used to
have fun life was normal and we didn't
need anyone until this disaster happened
and we were bombed and our place was
bombed our source of livelihood was
destroyed the international labor
organization says 90% of jobs have been
lost in gaza's private sector in the 6
months since the war erupted after
hamas's attack on Israel on October 7th
most gazans have been made homeless at
least
once and