[Music]
moments after the controversial vote the
Knesset erupted minority Israeli Arab
lawmakers angered by the 60 to 255 vote
the controversial law declares that only
Jews have a right to self-determination
in Israel and officially defines the
country as the National home of the
Jewish people
this is a defining moment in the annals
of Zionism and the history of the State
of Israel the long debated legislation
is now one of the basic laws of Israel
and it is also difficult to repeal the
law downgrades the Arabic language from
an official language to special status
those opposing the bill say it's
discriminatory the nationality bill is a
hate crime
discriminating
against minority with
especially those
Jewish settlements at the lawmakers say
that it exposes Israel's true character
Palestinians thought the green line are
very angry and they think that this law
would make their life more difficult
although my in my opinion and also in
the opinion of other people that this
would
[Music]
I can by way that we can expose the true
character of the State of Israel and its
show policy but Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu has been defending
the bill but the Makati is elite we will
keep ensuring civil rights in Israel's
democracy these rights will not be
harmed but the majority also has rights
and the majority decides an absolute
majority wants to ensure our state's
Jewish character for generations to come
offers nine million people israel's
arabs form about 20% of population and
often consider themselves second-class
citizens now many believe this
legislation will make Israel officially
an apartheid state a conscious acts an
RT RT world
[Music]