now two Russian warships from the
Pacific Fleet have entered the Red Sea
and this comes mid attacks by Yemen's
houis on Merchant shipping in a region
already crowded with Naval vessels the
Russian Navy specific Fleet said that
the Russian Cruiser and frot Marshall
shaash shenko are taking part in The
Voyage the two warships have passed the
Babel mandb straight into the Red Sea
this move has forced many ship owners
and operators to suspend the Swiss Canal
or red sea route for transporting goods
from Europe to Asia and vice
versa Tas has reported that the ships
were carrying out assigned task within
the framework of the long range sea
campaign the ultimate destination of the
ships was unclear from the report as was
the reason Russia sent these vessels
into this area houthis have been
targeting vessels to prevent Israeli
linked ships from passing through the
Indian Ocean according to reports the
group told China and Russia earlier this
month that their ships can sail through
the R sea and Gulf of aen without being
attacked this was in exchange of the two
countries providing political support to
the houthis and bodies such as the
United Nation Security Council however
the US Central Command reported about
the houi firing missile at Chinese owned
oil tanker hangu centcom highlighted
continued risk to shipping in the Seas
of Yemen despite the agreement this also
comes after Iran Russia and China had
joint Naval exercises in the Indian
Ocean earlier this month
both the varag and the Marshall
shaiko took part in the drills which
Russia said Were Meant to practice
safety in Maritime economic activities
the Iran back militias have been
attacking ships in the Red Sea and Gulf
of aen since November calling it a
campaign of solidarity with Palestinians
during Israel's war with Hamas in the
Gaza Strip manuti attacks in the Red Sea
are disrupted global Shipping and has
forced shipping firms to rout to longer
and more expensive Journeys around
southern
Africa for latest news download the Von
app And subscribe to our YouTube channel