and uncertainty looms over a new
ceasefire deal in the ongoing Israel
Hamas War well Hamas Chief ismile
hanah's visit to Egypt and mad Chief's
engagement with other officials for the
talks was seen as a positive sign
however both the sides have again
indicated that a new agreement right now
might be off the table well Hamas has
reportedly rejected an Israeli proposal
for a week-long truce as it has in
assisted for Israel to implement a
ceasefire before
negotiations meanwhile Israeli Prime
Minister Nan yahu has wowed to continue
with the war and defeat Hamas take a
listen
for US President Joe Biden also said
that the country is pushing for new deal
however it is not expected
soon meanwhile a United Nations security
Council vote on Gaza has again been
delayed for the Third Street this as
Biden says that the US support for the
resolution is still unresolved us
diplomats are working out to agree on
the language of the draft resolution
calling for a halt in fighting and major
increase aid supplies to Gaza
Israel on the other hand has has
expanded its fight in Gaza Israeli
military says that the troops are now
also fighting in the tofa and the thej
neighborhood of the Gaza City Israel has
released footage of a was tunnel Network
the uncovered in Gaza that it says were
used by Hamas
leaders thef says that these tunnels are
uncovered from the properties registered
to yaha sver and other senior Hamas
organizers of the October 7th
attack Israeli onslaught newes in
southern Gaza at least 12 people died in
Israeli strikes in Rafa in the last 24
hours while dzs were
[Music]
wounded
meanwhile Yemen's houis have threatened
the United States to attack its warships
operating in the region this in response
to the US announcement of the
establishment of a new International
Coalition to protect commercial vessels
sailing through the Red Sea houi leader
on Wednesday warned that his forces will
Target American battleships with drones
and missiles if Yemen is
targeted
[Music]
I'm