London is back on the streets for
Palestine but as the public continue to
call for peace members of parliament are
still not listening the Scottish
national party pushing for a ceasefire
vote in the Commons have now joined
activists on the streets we are watching
this in real time and if people can't
see now that a ceasefire is absolutely
essential to bring this conflict at
least to start to bring this conflict to
an end then I don't know what they're
watching and it's women leading this
demonstration today highlighting that
it's Palestinian women that are the
first victims of the onslaught in Gaza
we know that women are being killed in
um extraordinary numbers um some because
they're protecting their children um we
also know that um children newborn
children are dying of
malnutrition since October the 7th more
than 30,000 people have been killed in
Gaza 70% of them women and children
despite the statistics protesters in the
capital calling for an end to the
onslaught are branded extremists on
quote hate marches by individuals in
government are you an extremist we want
peace we want Justice we want democracy
in what sense is any of this extreme
anybody looking at these marches knows
that they are comprised of people who
care about other human beings who want a
more fair fair and just world that's
what they're here for the sustained
level of protesting marks one of the
biggest political movements the UK has
ever seen with many new and famous faces
joining on the front line and even
taking to the stage I am here today to
stand in solidarity firstly with the
Palestinian people um I think what the
Palestinian people are going through is
is the worst thing I've ever
seen the UK is gearing up for a general
election and the movement Str Y is to
get Palestine on the ballot the idea is
no ceasefire no vote which is resonating
among the public shy Edward dashy trt
World
[Music]
London