finally tonight from here in Tel Aviv
Americans answering the call to action
by rushing to Israel to help with relief
efforts and to help fight Hamas here is
Marissa
par outside an Israeli airline take a
counter at Miami International
Airport pockets of emotion on full
display before a 12-hour flight to
Israel everyone here packing a different
story half of my relative Liv and
friends went to the festival I'm going
to the funeral the hugs here last a
little longer most don't know when
they'll get another I'm numb like a lot
of people are right now that's Zach the
father of an IDF reservist one of
hundreds of thousands of Israeli
reservist being called to duty some
boarding planes before the call even
comes he found out about the war at
7even and he was on a Plane by 11:00 na
nagi's home has been empty for over a
week she drove her son David to the
airport with a oneway ticket to Israel I
gave him a little box with a bug inside
and it says love bug and this is
something that he gave me so I took my
little love buck and I gave it to David
and when he hugged me goodbye he said
Mom I promise I'm going to bring the
love back
back at the airport people preparing
themselves and more suitcases being
packed and shipped from around the state
everything from uh certified tourniquets
that units have requested specifically
to uh things like magazine pouches and I
think the trucks are here so we have to
run supplies being brushed onto the
plane just before departure what does it
say on these suitcases right here
says what does that mean it means that
the Jewish nation is not scared this is
a flight of promises hand delivered this
is not a time to be frightened it's a
time to be strong Marissa NBC News Miami
thanks for watching stay updated about
breaking news news and top stories on
the NBC News app or follow us on social
media