on Saturday the 7th of October I heard
uh from my husband something is
happening down south and I should call
my mom I rang her she answered I said
Mom go in the safe room um don't leave
the room lock the door I didn't know
that the safe room cannot be locked as I
she told me her house wasn't locked and
then I heard male voices speaking to her
in English in an Arabic accent and I
realized Hamas got to her I hung up the
phone and I called my brother he lives
next door 10 m away I said to him naav
go in the safe room lock the door don't
let anyone else I don't know what's
happening at Mom's and then I heard the
same male voices um speaking to him and
I realized I was too late um I rang some
someone from the kibuts uh in the
community to let them know that the
terrorists were at my moms and my
brothers a few minutes later the Hamas
sent me two pictures pictures of my M my
mom and my brother sitting in my mom's
living room um and the third picture
they uploaded to my mom's Facebook story
with a Hamas gunman in the background
and that was the last I heard of them
these atrocities should never be
forgotten the hostages should be uh
brought home now my message to Hamas is
this is about humans this is about human
life and bringing people home to their
families you have family you have kids
you have moms dads grandmas if they you
were in this position you wouldn't want
to be separated from them no one wants
to be separated from them everyone here
gets to go home to be with their family
tonight you get to go home and be with
your family and have dinner with your
family whereas 210 people don't and that
is what we're calling for today I'm sure
they'll do everything in their power to
get back the people taken
kidnapped uh but at the end of the day
they they have to deal with Kamas they
have to it can never ever ever happen
again my family were in the Holocaust
and my grandmother died in
aitz we said never again it's kind of
never we can never let it happen
again
is
normalization