[Music]
scrambling to find survivors in a bombed
out building it's become an all too
common scene but this isn't
Gaza it's
Lebanon we heard the sound of an
explosion then another followed by a
third explosion a few seconds later the
smoke was Rising heavily and it shook
our office the air strike in the capito
bayout targeted and killed Salah Al
aruri a Hamas Deputy leader and a
founder of the group military Wing he
was holding a meeting in the suburb of
mushier a known Hezbollah
stronghold alri and other Hamas leaders
were killed by a coverly Israeli act the
heus crime proves the Israeli aggression
against our people in Gaza the occupied
West Bank and everywhere Israel has
refused to directly comment on the
killing the IDF is in a very high state
of Readiness in all arenas in defense
and attack
we are on high Readiness for any
scenario the most important thing to say
tonight is that we are focused and
remain focused on fighting against H
Hezbollah leader Hassan nzala has vowed
to retaliate against any Israeli
operation within Lebanon raising serious
concerns this could spark a broader
conflict because of the escalating
tensions and the fragility of the
situation in the region we are calling
to for maximum restraint from all
parties a US military analyst says the
timing of this strike isn't surprising
given Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu is facing a major slump in
approval ratings and has been criticized
for not achieving his stated AIMS in
Gaza he is
on uh his last few days I think or maybe
months uh if I'm going to give him even
more time he's desperate he's achieved
nothing in razza uh 90 days after uh
this campaign started he couldn't kill
uh one Hamas leader or uh or Commander
he had to go to Lebanon to get somebody
how Hezbollah responds could likely
shape the future of this conflict
Melinda new saora trt world