looking for answers in a hole in the
ground
workers in the high security gilboa
prison discover the toilet floor escape
hatch used by six prisoners who crawled
to freedom in the early hours of monday
just outside the prison walls directly
beneath a watchtower the other end of
the tunnels
this prison service commander says most
of the escape route was actually in an
underground cavity already part of the
prison structure
[Music]
the circumstances are remarkably similar
to those depicted in the classic movie
the shawshank redemption the cramped
tunnel painstakingly dug with a small
tool in this case reportedly a rusty
spoon rather than a rock hammer social
media users drew the hollywood parallels
some mocking israeli prime minister
naftali bennett israeli security forces
have launched a massive search for the
six fugitives four of whom were serving
life sentences for their involvement in
attacks that killed israelis
the prison is just five kilometers from
the west bank it's suspected the men may
have crossed the frontier or even the
border with jordan before the alarm was
raised
the brother of one of the men zachariah
zubaidi was released from the same
prison two months ago
i never had a feeling that my brother
was planning an escape he said zubaidi
is a former militant leader with the
al-aqsa martyrs brigades he was awaiting
trial
in gaza some celebrated the escape
perhaps as much for the embarrassment to
israel as for the actions of the
prisoners
this islamic jihad leader pleaded with
the west bank based palestinian
authority not to help in the search
earlier this year palestinian president
mahmoud abbas resumed security
cooperation with israel and he recently
restarted high-level talks with the
israeli government for the first time in
a decade this prison escape presents the
unpopular abbas with a dilemma as he
tries to balance israeli relations with
the approval of voters redmond shannon
global news london