protesters outside Israel's defense
Ministry desperately demanding the
military rescue their loved ones do
everything to release them Ari Levy's
12-year-old nephew is one of at least
150 Israelis taken hostage by Hamas
after gunman attacked communities along
the Gaza border one week ago what can
they
say how can human being accept situation
like that how can Israeli forces
conducted raids in Northern Gaza Friday
and found some hostages already dead
Hamas says nine hostages were killed
blaming Israeli air strikes again
protesters want them rescued before
Israel's military moves in I'm here
because I want to make sure that it's
loud and clear the the first priority
should be bringing them home among the
missing this Israeli Canadian prominent
peace activist Vivien silver after one
week her son says they still haven't
found her body I strongly assume that
she's being held in Gaza and that's my
hope because if not then she's just
um er lying dead in her house and er
they didn't find her yet Global News was
granted access to her community then we
found her house and take a look at this
this is what is left of Vivien Silver's
house the 74 year-old Israeli Canadian
lived here very close to the Gaza border
and she told her son that she was hiding
in her house she was sending him text
messages telling him that the gunfire
and the militants were coming closer the
last message she sent to him was that
they're inside the house and this is
what's left of that house were hostages
taken here you said yes this Israeli
Colonel says they believe some Elders
from this community were taken hostage
they found the bodies of other residents
lying in the street Global News saw
photos of their faces smashed in with a
blunt object what I saw here is not only
murder not only
Slaughter I saw
humiliation intention to humiliate these
families calling on Israel's military to
rescue the other hostages before they
suffer a similar Fate Jeff simple Global
News Tel Aviv