now the Israeli Prime Minister his
office has said that Monday the military
has put forth a plan for evacuating
civilians in the Gaza Strip along with
an operational plan yes SH now the
announcement comes as Israel threatens a
fullscale invasion of Rafa which is
gaza's Southernmost city and has been so
far Untouched by the ground troops now
prime minister Benin Netanyahu said on
Sunday that the military operation into
gaza's Rafa would put Israel within
weeks of total victory over Hamas
negotiations for a ceasefire in Gaza
have resumed in Doha State linked
Egyptian media reported but Netanyahu
said that any deal would not prevent the
Rafa offensive now speaking to CBS the
Israeli Prime Minister said and I'm
quoting him here if we have a ceasefire
deal it will be delayed somewhat but it
will happen he added if we don't have a
deal we'll do it anyway it has to be
done because total Victory is our goal
and total Victory is Within Reach not
months away weeks away once we begin the
operation an Israeli team was in Paris
on Friday to discuss a deal on a fresh
ceasefire and the release of hostages in
exchange for Palestinian prisoners held
by Israel now the talks then restarted
in Doha with the Hamas Representatives n
who said we're all working on it I'm of
course quoting him here we want it I
want it because we want to liberate the
remaining hostages he added again I'm
going to quote him I can't tell you if
we'll have it but if Hamas goes down
from its delusional claims and brings
them down to earth we'll have the
progress that we all want now during the
Hamas attack on Israel on October 7th
Palestinian militants took some 250
hostages 130 of whom remain in Gaza
including 31 presumed dead as with the
previous truce in November that saw over
100 hostages and two 240 Palestinian
prisoners freed kathar Egypt and us have
been spearheading efforts to secure a
new
deal International pressure for a
ceasefire has mounted in recent weeks
according to Gaza officials the death
stol from Israel's military offensive on
the Palestinian territory is nearing
30,000 mostly women and children now
Israel has wowed to destroy Hamas which
rules Gaza in response to its October
attack that resulted in the deaths of
over 1100 people people in Israel mostly
[Music]
civilians