and like I mentioned that the Israel
Hamas War shows no signs of easing just
yet with uncertainty tensions and
fatalities rising in the ongoing War as
war in Israel enters day 10th the
countries are keen on getting their
people safely out of the war zone and
India has launched operation a to bring
its people back home the fourth batch of
Indians landed in New Delhi on Sunday
morning the fourth flight was carrying
274 Indians there was a sense of relief
on the faces of people returning from
war battered
region so far total of 918 Indians have
been brought back another flight is
scheduled to bring back more Indian
Nationals on Monday Indians who have
returned say that that the situation in
Israel remains St T while these citizens
have been chosen on first come first
basis this comes after the Indian
Embassy launched a drive for all Indians
to register at the missions database the
registration of Indians began on October
12th most Airlines have suspended their
operations in the region earlier a third
flight carrying over 197 Nationals
arrived in New Delhi on Saturday now
operation a was launched by Indian Prime
Minister Narendra Modi to bring back
back around 18,000 Indians who are in
Israel currently the Indian Embassy in
Israel has set up has set a helpline for
its citizens in need of assistance the
ministry has also set up a 24-hour
control room which will help monitor the
situation there and provide information
and
assistance now Israel's International
Airport is the main International
Airport of the country it is situated on
the Northern outskirts of the city of
Lord
now most countries have been using this
airport to evacuate their citizens back
apart from India the US UK Canada France
Germany Spain Brazil and Australia among
others are repatriating their citizens
from the war struck
[Music]
Israel