as Israeli forces prepare for the next
stages of their war against the militant
Palestinian group Hamas concerns of it
becoming a wider conflict haven't
subsided in that context the United
States announced additional deployments
of air defense systems to the region
defense secretary Lloyd Austin explained
the move on ABC's this week's Show
recently we've seen rocket and UAV
attacks against uh basis housing uh our
troops in Iraq and Syria
we
maintain the right to defend
ourselves um and we won't hesitate to
take the appropriate action Secretary of
State Anthony blinkin who recently
toured the region emphasized that the
Boost in US military presence is a
deterrent measure he was interviewed on
NBC's Meet the Press we don't want to
see a second or third front develop uh
we don't want to see our forces or
Personnel come under Fire but uh if that
happens we're ready for it on the
humanitarian front turkey became one of
the latest countries to send aid for
Palestinian
civilians but the flow of convoys
carrying supplies across Egypt's Rua
Crossing into Gaza has been too slow
said Cindy McCain the executive director
of the UN world food program in an
interview with ABC we were able to feed
about 200,000 people last night during
dinner uh but that's not enough that's a
drop people are starving but also this
is a this is a national security issue
for everyone in this region with the
Stak so high in the Middle East it's
imperative that the Republican majority
in the US House of Representatives elect
a speaker said the chair of the Foreign
Affairs committee Republican Michael
mcle he spoke on ABC about the deadlock
to fill the seat that has remained
vacant since Kevin McCarthy was ousted
at the beginning of October the world on
fire and this is so dangerous what we're
doing and most importantly it's
embarrassing uh because it empowers and
emboldens our adversaries despite the
urgency MLL acknowledged that he doesn't
know if a speaker will be elected this
coming week or how the process will play
out Veronica Valas Elias vaa News
Washington