this is a conflict that could easily
plasticize US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin is touring the Middle East amid
heightened fears that Israel's offensive
in Gaza will spark conflicts among the
broader
region on Sunday blinkin assured Arab
leaders that Washington opposes the
forcible displacement of Palestinians
from Gaza and the occupied West Bank The
Pledge came as Jordan's King abdalah
raised his country's concern during
their meeting in Aman the king warned
blinkin that Washington has a major role
to play and pressuring Israel into an
immediate ceasefire and warned of the
catastrophic repercussions of Israel's
continued military campaign in Gaza a
palace statement
said after speaking with Jordan
officials blinkin jetted to Qatar where
he said he had discussed efforts to free
the more than 100 hostages still
believed to be heal by Hamas after an
agreement mediated by Qatar broke down
qatar's prime minister says the killing
of a Hamas leader in Beirut by an
Israeli drone strike has affected their
ability to mediate between the
Palestinian group and
Israel meanwhile in gaza's Rafa
displaced Palestinians wait to see what
blinken's visit will
achieve we hope that blinkin looks at us
with an eye of Mercy ends the war ends
The Misery we are living in this
Palestinian woman
says others at the Rafa Camp aren't as
hopeful this is a conspiratorial visit
this is an unfriendly visit this visit
comes to increase the war against us and
displace us even
more this is blink's fourth visit to the
region since hamas's attack on Israel on
October 7th the trip aims to gather Arab
states views on the future future of
Gaza before taking those positions to
Israel we continue to raise with Israel
the need to do everything possible to
facilitate the provision of humanitarian
Aid to Gaza and I will do so again when
I'm there later this
week Washington wants Israel's Arab
neighbors to play a role in
reconstruction governance and Security
in Gaza in expectation that Israel's
assault which Palestinian officials say
has killed over 22,000 Palestinians by
Saturday will eliminate
Hamas