[Music]
an effort to bridge the divide that
continues to hinder an end to the war in
Gaza Arab leaders say it's imperative
European leaders banked the push to make
the current truce a permanent
ceasefire Europe has a a crucial role to
play We one neighborhood uh what happens
in our region uh uh south of the
Mediterranean affects Europe in a major
way uh with so many uh foreign ministers
attending I think that uh uh that is a
good uh uh uh forum for us to again see
how we can work together we all want the
same thing uh yes there are differences
uh in terms of how do we deal with the
current uh uh uh catastrophe we are
demanding an end of this aggression EU
leaders insist the burden rests on Hamas
but agreed the humanitarian crisis in
Gaza has spiraled out of control nothing
can justify in discriminated brutality
Hamas on leash against civilian the 7 of
October but one horror cannot justify
another
horror and international humanitarian
law applies to everyone at all times and
without
exception that's a change in tone from
the immediate aftermath of the hamus
attack on October 7th when EU leaders
unreservedly backed Israel citing its
right to
self-defense but a rising wave of pro
Palestine rallies and growing criticism
from many of its own leaders is slow
forcing Europe to change its stance the
PO should be extended to make it
sustainable and long lasting while
working for a political
solution a political solution that
should allow us to break the cycle of
violence once and for all the longer we
allow the extremist to set the agenda
the more extremism will spread not only
in the region but also affecting our
in Europe as well but so far Israel has
refused to listen and Arab there say
more concrete measures are needed to
force the Israeli leadership to end its
Onslaught once and for all sh Hassan TIY
world