over in the Middle East following latest
talks between us defense Chief Lou
Austin and Israeli officials in Tel Aviv
Israel could gradually transition to a
new phase of its offensive in Gaza
meaning more precise targeting of Hamas
rather than widespread bombing Chong has
latest US Secretary of Defense Lloyd
Austin and Israeli defense minister yoa
Galant held a joint news conference in
Tel Aviv on Monday to discuss the
current state of military operations in
the region Galant stated the Israel
Defense Forces will gradually transition
to the next phase of its operations in
Gaza in which the local population would
likely be able to First return to the
north of the coastal strip Austin
highlighted the importance of reducing
harm to civilians adding that protecting
Palestinian civilians in Gaza was both a
moral duty and a strategic
imperative and we also have some great
thoughts about um how to transition from
high-intensity operations to a lower
intensity and more surgical
operations in turn Galan stated Israel's
intent to continue its operations at
varying levels of intensity depending on
the regional
situation we will continue to operate in
different levels of intensity according
to the situation the in the region and
Galan also expressed Israel's intent not
to control Gaza in any civilian way but
to carry out the necessary operations
for securing its future Austin was the
latest among the Biden Administration to
visit Israel since the unprecedented
October 7th attack on Israel by the
Palestinian militant group Washington
Israel's closest Ally has provided
intense military and diplomatic cover
for the war in Gaza US President Joe
Biden however warned last week that
Israel was losing international support
because of its indiscriminate bombing
the humanitarian situation and Gaza is
dire nearly
19,500 people have been killed by
Israeli military action in Gaza since
October 7th and more than 52,000 wounded
according to the Hamas controlled
Ministry of Health the UN stated that
much of Northern Gaza has been decimated
by air strikes and more than 80% of the
enclaves population has been displaced
tongu arang news