the Israel Hamas War entered its 100th
day over the weekend amid threats of a
wider conflict tensions remain high in
the Red Sea as the US launched more
strikes against Yemen's houthis while
sending a private message to Iran Yin
reports on Saturday night the events of
October 7th were commemorated by
thousands of people in Tel Aviv
including families of those killed or
kidnapped carrying posters and wearing t
t-shirts featuring the faces of their
loved ones just after Dawn 100 days ago
thousands of heavily armed Hamas
Fighters stormed through the Gaza border
fence in several places and killed more
than 1,200 people according to gaza's
health Ministry Israel's subsequent
attacks against Hamas have led to
23,93191
Injured to date without making a
distinction between civilians and
combatants the ministry says roughly 70%
of the Dead are women and children
nearly 8,000 more people are reported to
be missing presumed dead under Rubble
meanwhile a day after the US and UK
launched air strikes targeting hotti
Rebels who have been attacking ships in
the Red Sea the US military struck
another hooti controlled site in Yemen
early on Saturday us Central Command
said the followon action was conducted
by the Navy destroyer USS Carney using
Tomahawk land attack missiles and that
the missile strike was based on the
determination that commercial vessels in
the Red Sea were at risk while Iran
continues to deny its involvement in
attacks by the hooes in the Red Sea
tahran is suspected of supplying the
hooes with weapons and the US says
Iranian intelligence is critical to
enabling the hooes to Target ships US
President Joe Biden said that after the
latest strikes on the hooes the US
delivered a private message to Iran
about the htis in Yemen without giving
details he said the message was
delivered privately and that the US is
well prepared conflict in the region
could widen as Yemen's htis have vowed
retaliation and US military and White
House officials said they expect the
houes to try to strike back yanin adang
news