more reactions that are coming in uh
Priyanka Gandhi vadra has also spoken on
the Israel Hamas War still mom on Hamas
Terror and has slammed the hospital
attack uh remember in the hospital
attack there are several Innocents who
have been killed while question still
remain on where the Rockets were fired
from we have Priyanka Gandhi vadra who
Still Remains mom on Hamas let's go
across to melag minakshi joining us with
the details uh yes praa so we have the
Tweet by Priyanka Gandhi vadra this is
the first time remember viewers that
Priyanka has spoken out on what is
happening uh in Israel in Gaza now just
like other Congress members she has
expressed solidarity with the people of
Palestine she has spoken about the
bombing of the hospital but uh you know
what is noteworthy is the fact that
Priyanka Gandhi just like other Congress
leaders is absolutely mum uh when it
comes to a condemnation at least a word
of condemnation as far as the Hamas
horor in Israel is concerned I'm going
to read a tweet wereb him to give her
viewers a sense of what Priyanka Gandhi
vatra had to say she says and I quote
the bombing of hospitals the murder of
children the blockading of food water
medicine to civilians there are no words
strong enough to condemn the horror
that's taking place in Gaza as a woman a
mother a human being I'm ashamed in the
world is allowing these crimes to be
committed with such impunity so that is
the statement by Priyanka Gandhi vadra
and many basically saying at the moment
including the BJP and that's the attack
also coming in from the side of the BJP
that you know while it's okay to express
solidarity with the people of Palestine
uh to you know condemn what happened uh
in the hospital in Gaza which the world
is condemning the question which the BJP
is asking is the silence when it comes
to the condemnation far as the Hamas
horor absolutely and the BJP also say
saying very clearly that the Hamas does
not represent Palestine and that's a
reason why it's raising these questions
on the opposition on why not call out
Terror for what it is