Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada
Canada Canada I love Canada mutual
defense is very important and I guess
we'll also be discussing mutual offense
Canada does not treat us right in terms
of the farming and the crossing the
borders Canada has been very tough on
this country when it comes to timber
lumber and other things a very big deal
with candidates called NAFTA if we're
able to make a deal with Canada and
Mexico in NAFTA then there will be no
reason to do the tariffs and we're gonna
hold off the tariffs or get along with
Canada but I will tell you they have
been very difficult to deal with
they're very spoiled they're our allies
but they take advantage of us
economically and so I agree I love
Canada Justin has agreed to cut all
tariffs of all trade barriers we have a
big trade deficit with Canada I was
reading where oh it's actually soaked
with not a surplus it's either 17 but it
could actually be a hundred and I see
the television and he's giving a news
conference about how he will not be
pushed around by the United States and I
say push him around he learned it's
gonna cost a lot of money for the people
of Canada we'll be able to work it out
with Canada and then Justin gets up he
said we fought World War one we fought
World War two all together well true we
love Canada but did take it advantage of
us we're not negotiating with Canada
right now their tariffs are too high
their barriers are too strong I think
with Canada frankly the easiest thing we
can do is to tariffs their cars I even
loved their national anthem it's called
very appropriately Oh Canada
would you like me to sing it at least
Canada knows how I feel love the people
of Canada we don't like their
representative very much they've taken
advantage of Canada by the way I have so
many friends I have everybody give my
highest regards to Prime Minister of
Canada Justin Trudeau US Mexico Canada
we added Canada worked out great trade
agreement
and we're calling it us MCA