as tensions between Israel and Hamas
escalates the US has already begun to
send military aid to support Israel as
it also plans to send an aircraft
carrier and Advance fighter jets in the
region our Foreign Affairs correspondent
P takes a look at what potential impact
this could have on geopolitics in the
Middle East and
Beyond following the unprecedented
attack on Israel by the Palestinian
militant Group hamus which controls the
Gaza Strip a small area bordering Israel
and Egypt the US has begun delivering
Munitions and military equipment to
Israel the White House confirmed this on
Monday local times saying that the first
batch of military aid and response to
the violent assault by hamus militants
was making its way to Israel this comes
as the country Secretary of Defense
Lloyd Austin said Sunday that he has
ordered America's most advanced aircraft
carrier the USS Gerald R Ford and it's
accompanying strike group to move to the
Eastern Mediterranean to support Israel
and the US Air Force is also planning to
send its most advanced fighter jets
including f-35s and upgraded f-15s to
the region to prevent the war from
spreading beyond the borders of Israel
the latest move also comes as the
Pentagon said the US chairman of the
Joint Chiefs of Staff Charles Brown Jr
spoke with the chief of the Israeli
general staff her halavi and discussed
hamus attack meanwhile after hamus
threat to kill civilian hostages if air
strikes targeted the Gaza Strip Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said
his military would attack hus with a
force like never before his remarks come
after the Israeli leader reportedly told
us President Joe Biden in a phone call
that a ground operation in the Gaza
Strip was necessary citing three Israeli
and US sources American News Outland
axio reported that natany told Biden
that Israel had to go in and could not
negotiate now following Washington rais
concerns about hostages in the Gaza
Strip as for the conflict's impact on
the global market in South Korea an
expert says it's important to monitor
the economic risks it may cause if the
geopolitical instability continues there
will be less investment and it could
also cause unstable currency rates we
will have to closely monitor the
situation for any global economic
[Music]
risk news