the UN and international Aid agencies
insist the best way to get humanitarian
assistance into Gaza is via land but
some key corridors into the south of the
territory are struggling to deal with
the large number of trucks lining up
cbc's senior International correspondent
Margaret Evans is at the Israel Egypt
border with the story of why protesters
gather daily to disrupt Aid
convoys we are standing along the border
between Israel and Egypt if you look on
the side of this fence you can see a row
of trucks packed with Aid destined for
Gaza of course it's not getting there
fast enough and not enough is getting in
they're in the lineup here because they
have to come across the border into
Israel where the Israelis will check to
ensure uh that they're satisfied with
what's going into Gaza they then go back
out and go further down to another entry
point into Gaza the people you can see
behind me here are Israelis who have
been trying to stop any humanitarian aid
from getting into Gaza they say it winds
up in the hands of Hamas and they're not
concerned with the humanitarian impact
on gazin they say that is simply a cost
of war the Army needs to finish this war
and when that is over there can be a
future for the gazen people but if but
first Hamas needs to be eliminated we
know from the United Nations that a quar
quarter of the population in Gaza is on
the brink of famine uh Health officials
from the gazen Run Health Ministry say
at least 25 children have now died of
acute malnutrition there are
International Community is so frustrated
with the number of trucks Israel is
allowing to get in they are now trying
airdrops they're talking about a
humanitarian sea Corridor coming from
Cyprus and we're hearing about potential
attempts at another land Crossing in the
north but a agencies will tell you it's
not coming fast enough and the suffering
is destined to continue unless something
is done very quickly Margaret Evans CBC
News along the Israeli Egyptian border