Gaza is only about 25 M long and 7 m
wide but this small strip of land is one
of the most fought over in history it
was an Egyptian base a Royal City for
the Philistines and the place where the
Hebrew hero Samsung betrayed by Delilah
met his death since then much blood has
been spilled the most recent contest for
Gaza began at the end of World War II
when persecuted Jews traveled to Israel
from Europe looking for a new start
after the horrors of the Holocaust in
1947 the United Nations created a plan
to split Palestine into two lands one
for Jews and one for the Arab people
backed by the US president Harry S
Truman David benan Israel's founder
proclaimed the establishment of the
state of Israel in
1948 Egypt then attacked Israel through
the Gaza Strip Israel was Victorious but
Gaza remained under the control of Egypt
and an influx of Palestinian refugees
began in 1967 war broke out between
Israel Egypt Jordan and Syria in what
became known as The Six Day War Israel
seized the Gaza Strip and held it for 40
years Israel pulled its forces out of
Gaza in 2005 in 2006 hamus a group sworn
to destroy Israel and listed by the
United States the European Union and
others as a terrorist group group won a
landslide victory in Palestinian
legislative elections hamus was now in
control of the territory however Israel
still controls much of the area's access
to and from the Gaza Strip since then
Israel and Hamas have been exchanging
blows Israel maintains that Hamas is a
violent Terror organization while Hamas
says that they represent an oppressed
people being victimized by the Jewish
State the International Community
continues to press for a SE in violence
but for now the strip's population of
1.8 million people are trapped in the
crossfire