we still on with our continu coverage of
the Israel Hamas conflict and the
Palestinian militant group Hamas has
launched the biggest attack on Israel in
years the surprise assault that combined
gunmen Crossing into several Israeli
towns also witnessed a heavy barrage of
rockets fire from the Gaza Strip since
then leaders from around the world have
reacted to the
attack the UK also criticized the attack
by Hamas on Israel UK's primee Minister
Rishi sonak took to X for known as
Twitter and said that Israel has all the
right to defend itself and added that
the British authorities were in contact
with Israeli officials for regular
updates meanwhile reacting to the
developments Indian Prime Minister
Narendra Modi said that he was deeply
shocked by the news of terrorist attacks
in Israel he further said that India
stood in solidarity with Israel
Ukrainian President Vladimir zinski
condemned what he called a sh attack on
Israel and said Israel's right to defend
itself cannot be doubted he further
called on world leaders to show
solidarity and unity in supporting
Israel and condemning the attack by
Palestinian islamist group Hamas take a
listen
and joining the korus French President
Emanuel macron alongside Canadian Prime
Minister Justin Trudeau to condemn the
terrorist attacks on Israel both the
leaders took to X and showed their
support as well while the world showed
maximum support for Israel Iran on the
other hand congratulated Palestinian
Fighters for launching the biggest
attack an adviser to Iran supreme leader
ayat Ali K said that Iran stands by the
Palestinian Fighters until the
liberation of Palestine and Jerusalem
earlier this week the Iranian supreme
leader during the Islamic Unity
conference said that normalizing ties
with Israel is like betting on a losing
horse
for
[Music]
[Music]
k