on Tuesday more dire warnings about the
state of gaza's health system the World
Health Organization said the enclaves
Medical Services were not only suffering
from a dire shortage of medical supplies
but also a desperate shortage of Staff
many of whom are fleeing for their own
safety the health workers uh who were
fleeing have been in a in a in an area
of War for 90 days and they haven't fled
and now they're fleeing um so you know
these are not people who are fleeing
because they hear a couple of gunshots
down the road they're fleeing because
they're really afraid for their lives so
I have not seen a lowering of the
intensification after 3 months of
conflict only a third of gaza's
hospitals are functioning and some of
those are barely managing the World
Health Organization says Gaza can ill
afford to lose more the fighting in
South and Central Gaza has intensified
placing more strain on limited
facilities and forcing more civilians
into an Ever smaller space on Tuesday
this family was packing up its tents and
moving from the grounds of the alaxa
hospital in der alala it is the fourth
time they've moved I also want to stress
the point that that even if there's no
ceasefire you would expect humanitarian
corridors to operate if you see that
that humanitarian space is shrinking
that at least you know all parts to the
conflict they work toward human Arian
corridors as to make sure that this
humanitarian deliveries can take place
in a much more sustained way than what's
happening now it is way too ad hoc it's
too little it's too late there was a
brief 4-Hour suspension of fighting in
central gazer on Tuesday gaza's
hospitals and the exhausted staff who
are keeping them going need much more
than that Simon mcgreer wood trt
world