well our chief foreign editor Rob
Parsons is joining me here on S Rob
watching um that report the pressure
continuing to mount really on Israel to
to at least tail back some of these
attacks yeah I mean the the pressure has
been building up on Israel for quite
some time now and I think even you know
the very very early days of the of the
ground defensive there was an
understanding in Israel that that was
going to happen that there there would
be a moment that will arrive when the
international pressure will be so much
that the Israeli government will have to
pay attention to it I don't think we've
reached that point yet Israel will press
on with this regardless and with the
consequences that we're seeing you you
mentioned the AL shipper Hospital which
according to wh is no longer functioning
as a hospital it says that some Wards
the Maternity Ward for instance the card
cardiovascular Ward have been hit in the
fighting Israel denies that it's
targeting uh the outa hospital or any
other Hospital on the contrary it's
doing all it can to make it possible for
people to get out it's open Roots it
says to the South and to the north it's
as you mentioned in your introduction
it's provided 300 L of fuel for what 15
Jerry
cans as H Master's pointed out that
that's enough to fuel the the generators
that the AL Hospital for an hour or most
so it doesn't really provide much Israel
says actually Hamas is preventing the
the fuel getting in Hamas denies that
you know and there's so much obfuscation
going on to try to discern what's really
happening is very difficult but one
reality remains that the longer this
conflict goes on at this intensity level
that the more people are going to die
11,000 plus people have died already
thousands of children and we're going to
get to a point where it becomes
unsustainable