I'm sorry to interrupt you but just to
understand are you saying that idf's
operations in Gaza are still continuing
because I want to quote to you what the
chief negotiator from Qatar minister of
State at the foreign Ministry Muhammad
Al Ki told Reuters he said the truce
means there will be no attack no
military movements no expansion nothing
does that mean that it will be a putting
down of arms for the next 4 days by the
IDF when the government instructs us to
uh hold our fire we will do so currently
the battle is ongoing currently Hamas
are still launching attacks at us
currently Hamas are still uh pose a
threat to Israel and Israelis and
currently Hamas is still holding 236
Israelis our goal in this war and our
directive from the government is to
destroy Hamas as a governing Authority
and as a terrorist entity but on the
other hand restore and rescue and bring
home the hostages the agreement the
framework that is has been published uh
to the public overnight uh sets forward
a route to bring home some of those
hostages the w women and children as
Hamas have said we have to wait and see
what is actually delivered but of course
our goals as the military remain the
same but tell me this how can there be
any exchange of human beings while there
is active shelling and firing still
going on in that
area as I said it's important to note
that the ceasefire the hold of fire has
not been issued to the IDF at this point
we're still waiting for the uh
completion of the judicial process and
once we receive an instruction to hold
fire we know how to do it immediately
that is what the IDF does we're a
professional military we know how to
hold fire and we know how to advance at
the request at the demand at the
instruction of our government this is
the reality this is what we're facing
currently you know this is I think it's
important to stress that the attles that
are ongoing are part of the war are part
of the effort to dismantle and Destroy
Hamas because we all understand and any
decent person recognizes the need for
Hamas to go and I would say Hamas at the
end of this war need to go uh