as the Israel Hamas conflict rages on
families of hostages still being held by
Hamas and other militant groups are
still waiting in desperation urging the
government to bring their loved ones
home for these relatives of Portuguese
Israeli hostages it has been an
agonizing
ordeal among them is the mother of
28-year-old Idan shivi the environmental
Sciences student was kidnapped at the
Supernova desert Rave where he had
volunteered as a photographer
I don't know nothing about my son he
just went to the
party and I don't know nothing about him
since
then he's injured I don't know
if they taking care of him I don't know
his
situation Israel says 138 hostages
remain in Gaza among them are 119 men
and 17 women and children according to
the military the the majority are
Israeli while 11 are foreign
Nationals several of the hostages are
believed to be 75 and
older they include 83-year-old
journalist ODed lietz whose 85-year-old
wife yohed was released from captivity
in
October the couple are peace activists
and regularly transported patients from
Gaza to receive Medical Treatments in
hospitals across
Israel earlier the government listed the
youngest hostage as 10mon old kir bibas
who was taken from the neros kibot with
his four-year-old brother Ariel and
their mother Sheri the military has said
it's investigating a Hamas claim that
the three were killed in an Israeli air
strike during the week- long ceasefire
Hamas released more than 100 hostages
those released have mostly appeared in
stable physical health though many lost
weight in
captivity however doctors have warned of
the psychological toll of captivity in a
letter to the international Committee of
the Red Cross several former hostages
said some captives were subjected to
psychological and physical abuse the
hostages also said that tamas subjected
them to severe food shortage lack of
medical treatment and unsanitary living
conditions