a sea of shrouds across Gaza as Israel
continues its campaign of
Slaughter dozens die every week as bombs
and artillery shells Pummel residential
areas schools and hospitals Palestinians
say the Shroud is now a symbol of
resistance the large number of Martyrs
has made the white shroud a symbol for
this war it has become parallel in
influence to the Palestinian flag and in
the world's knowledge of the
significance of our cause
so the Shroud has become a symbol for
the Palestinian cause and a symbol for
this war the war of genocide against our
people in the Gaza Strip it's a war that
Israel could not wage without us support
the Pentagon announced on Friday night
that Secretary of State Anthony blinken
has determined an emergency exists
requiring the immediate sale of shells
and other equipment his order means the
deal doesn't have to be reviewed by
Congress and hands Tel Aviv what it
needs needs to continue its
Onslaught almost all of Northern Gaza
has been reduced to Rubble as air
strikes are now targeting the South
especially Khan
yunas that's pushed hundreds of
thousands to Rafa where a growing tens
City provides a roof but no protection
from Israel's Fury or the elements the
humanitarian catastrophe in Gaza is not
the consequence of a war it is a tool
employed by Israel to pressure people
and force them out the famine underway
is not an undesired outcome of the war
it is starvation as a method of war the
collapse of the health system is not an
unforeseen result of a war it is the
result of premeditated attacks against
hospitals and medical
personnel the indiscriminate killing the
mass arrest fil humiliation of
Palestinians enforc disappearance and
abduction and summary executions
aim at terrorizing the Palestinian
people as a whole much hope now rests on
Qatar which is mediating between Hamas
and Israel negotiators have told Israel
that hamus has agreed to resume
negotiations for a month-long ceasefire
in exchange for the release of more
hostages those inside Gaza hope this
will be a
breakthrough I hope the war ends soon
enough with this war we are totally
exhausted we are ConEd this place from a
place to another in cold weather many
others Express similar sentiments but
it's unclear if anyone can persuade
Israel to stop the Bloodshed sh Hassen
trt world