israel has successfully tested the sea
dome a new naval air defense system the
system can intercept a series of threats
the defense system is israel's key
protection against iran and its proxies
in the region in a series of tweets the
official twitter handle of israel
defense forces confirmed the news on
monday the idf shared that the sea dome
is an advanced naval configuration of
the iron dome aerial defense system
interestingly it is the iron dome which
has been used to shoot down rockets
fired from the gaza strip
the sea dome is being installed on
israel's latest generation corvette
warships
these warships protect israel's
coastline and natural gas assets in the
mediterranean and according to the idf
this live fire test is an important
milestone and demonstrates the
operational capability of the israeli
navy to defend the strategic assets and
vital interests of the state of israel
against current and evolving threats
and that is why monday's test simulated
a number of incoming threats these
included rockets cruise missiles and
drones
what's noteworthy is the timing of the
test last week a pair of drones were
launched into the israeli airspace by
the iranian-backed hezbollah militant
group
also iran is reportedly close to signing
a new international nuclear deal with
global powers the new nuclear deal
should free iran from crippling
sanctions
israel pro opposes the deal it fears
that iran will divert newly released
funds to proxies like the hezbollah
group hezbollah has made no secret of
the fact that it would target israel's
gas platforms if fighting breaks out in
2006 israel and hezbollah had fought a
month-long war and during that fighting
hezbollah fired a missile it struck an
israeli warship that killed four israeli
soldiers
beyond world is one is now available in
your country download the app now and
get all the news updates on the move