Israeli forces are carrying out their
most intense raid in the occupied West
Bank since the start of the Gaza War as
many as 1,400 Israeli reservists have
been mobilized during the raid on Janine
now into its third day at least nine
Palestinians have been killed nearly 500
have been arrested and more than 400
buildings raided Charles statford has
more from rala in the occupied West
Bank this is the largest and the longest
of all the military raids that we've
seen happened pretty much on a nightly
basis in various towns and cities right
the way across the occupied West Bank
since the War Began on October the 7th
reportedly up to
1,400 Israeli military reservists
involved in this raid concentrating on
the refugee camp of janin and the city
itself we're now getting reports that uh
the operations expanded even further out
of the city and now includes a number of
villages close by the Israeli military
saying that that they've targeted at
least 400 buildings so far they say that
they have destroyed or confiscated IEDs
improvised explosive devices and weapons
cachets now Janine has long been a
center for the Palestinian armed
resistance and it has been
raided so often since the beginning of
the war already hundreds of people um
detained and arrested from the city but
the Palestinian prisoner Association is
saying so far during this raid at least
500 Palestinians have been detained but
many of them have been released
subsequent to what we understand to have
been hours of
interrogation elsewhere we are also
getting reports now of Israeli military
raids in the town of nablas also in the
north of the occupied West Bank heon in
the South um bed Lam known as Bethlehem
in The Wider world as well as colia
which is here close to rala Charles
statford Al jazer ramala