12 hours of prepping the soil for
watermelon season will earn Salah about
12 a day
the college graduate studied business
administration but farm work is the only
job he could find on weekends to stop
the spread of covid-19 officials in Gaza
stop all travel by car or bus with
minimal exceptions so a law walks four
kilometers round trip to and from the
farm
I can't work with full energy sometimes
I work half the day because I'm tired
the owner of the farm sees how tired I
am and he's not happy I do my best to
provide for my family
last week ELO and his co-workers didn't
get paid
cousins had been struggling with an
Israeli and Egyptian imposed blockade
even before the pandemic covid-19 has
brought unprecedented challenges
restrictions on cars has made it
difficult for Palestinian workers to get
to Farms border closures has prevented
goods from getting to markets for export
and thousands of gazans have lost their
jobs and can't afford to buy food
farmer and Union Leader Mahmoud Al
Khalil says for 45 years he navigated
the things he could not control
unfavorable weather conditions pests
Israeli restrictions but the pandemic
has brought the worst year on record
the government should make a plan to
assist Farmers no one's helping us when
the prices are low no one is helping us
when the prices increase is stopping us
from exporting and then importing from
Israel and Egypt this is not fair
at the Gaza Harbor the boats arrive with
shrimp squid and small crabs the
Palestinian Fisherman's union says there
is a 50 percent drop in the catch so far
this year
Friday and Saturday there are no car to
take the fish to the market because of
that some of us decide to stop working
with eight in ten people in Gaza living
in poverty and half its Workforce
unemployed the UN says the pandemic has
left an already vulnerable population in
critical need
Natasha grenade Al Jazeera Gaza