the war between Israel and Hamas is
sparking fears of violence here at home
cities across the US are bolstering
security around houses of worship after
the former leader of Hamas called for
worldwide demonstrations today in
support of Palestinians CBS News senior
investigative correspondent Katherine
herit has more from Washington good
morning
Katherine well good morning Amry the
barricades are back up here on Capitol
Hill a sign the city is significantly
stepping up security and while there's
nothing specific or credible the threat
picture is being assessed on a
minute-by-minute basis as these barriers
went up around the Capitol Building
overnight the Metropolitan Police here
in Washington also increased visible
security around places of worship here
and in New York City all police officers
were told to report in uniform for Duty
and those who are off duty were told to
be ready at short notice it's
significant that in the last 48 hours
CBS News has been able to review
multiple internal law enforcement
bulletins that are warning of the
potential for domestic violent extremism
and one analyst noted that these
statements by Hamas calling for
demonstrations really have the potential
to resonate amarie um so what more can
you tell us about security concerns
surrounding houses of Warship in the
US well what we're seeing in these
bulletins and also just from our
reporting around the country is that
they're putting very visible security
around places of worship whether it's
mosqu or synagogues and the idea here
Emory is to have a very visible
deterrent and then also to have that
back stop that if there is a credible
threat they can take those forces and
turn them very quickly in order to
thwart or disrupt any potential violence
you know it's Such a Pity Katherine
because you know these houses are wor of
of worship this is where people are
going to want to go this weekend in
order to gather in order to talk in
order to pray for a better outcome than
what we're seeing right now and and it
they should be considered safe places
and and places to find peace um and so
let's hope it stays that way Katherine
thank
you you're welcome