the Commission has found reasonable
grounds to believe that Israeli security
forces committed serious violations of
human rights and international
humanitarian law that may amount to you
know crimes against humanity we're
saying that they have intentionally shot
children they've intentionally shot
people with disabilities they've
intentionally shot journalists in the
context of the large-scale protests at
Stifel in the Gaza Strip on 30 March
last year the Commission undertook and
objective vestigation of the incidents
which occurred at these demonstration
sites from 30 March to 31 December we
found that a hundred and eighty-nine
Palestinians were killed a hundred and
eighty three of them with live
ammunition and this included children
people with disabilities journalists and
paramedics we also found that six
thousand 106 people were injured by
Israeli snipers shooting at protesters
with live ammunition by the end of the
year a hundred and twenty-two of these
people had suffered amputations these
included 20 children the journalists
were all marked with press vests that we
investigated and the people with
disabilities I said a person a double
amputee in a wheelchair a person using
crutches they were visibly that and
they're being shot at by snipers the
vast majority of demonstrators were not
involved in any form of violence there
were women and children present there
were people having poetry readings
playing music waving flags things that
can't in any way be considered to be
violent so I think the characterization
of all the demonstrators is violent we
wouldn't agree with and specifically to
the government of Israel we recommend
that they lift the blockade on Gaza
immediately they ensure that those
injured at the demonstration sites are
granted prompt exit' permits to access
medical care