take a listen as he addresses the
situation regarding the supporter
deployments on the southern border as
you know with Mexico and we had some
troops up in Canada but I'll find out
about that I guess it's equal justice to
a certain extent but in Canada we have
we do have troops along the border you
know we have a lot of things coming in
from Canada we have trade some illegal
trade that we don't like we have very
strong sanctions on some we have very
strong tariffs on dumping steel and we
don't like steel coming through our
border that's been dumped in Canada so
they can avoid the tariff you and I
charge a lot of tariffs for the steel
and it's been great for our steel
companies because now they can really go
you look at what's happened with steel
it's been pretty incredible but we've
taken in billions and billions of
dollars in tariffs on steel and much of
it comes in from China but they can come
through the Canadian border too so we're
always watching for that
the number of virus cases this is
surprise you at all is it following the
predictable conjecture no I think it's a
tribute to our testing you know number
one you don't know what the numbers are
in China China it tells your numbers and
I'm speaking to President Xi tonight I
believe it will have a good conversation
I'm sure but you just don't know you
know what are the numbers but I think
it's a tribute to the testing we're
testing tremendous numbers of people and
every day the way the system works and I
want to thank especially Roche has been
fantastic great company they've done a
tremendous amount Deborah was telling me
before that they were really they've
really stepped up to the plate and done
great as have other of the companies but
it seems that they're really doing it
particularly well so it you know we'll
see what happens there but it's a
tribute to the amount of testing that
would we're doing tremendous testing and
I'm sure you're not able to tell what
China is testing we're not testing I
think that's a little hard