the body of a small child is carried
from the ruins of a house there was a
massacre in this kabut and the recovery
operation is far from
Over the child is placed in a truck with
others from the
community more body bags a waiting
collection are laid out on the
basketball
court the body of a Hamas fighter is
ignored
more troops arrive here at kavar AAR
kabut one of the first places attacked
on Saturday morning and one of the last
to be
retaken houses are all deserted now as
you'd expect they have to keep going
through the houses searching for bodies
boobby traps and unexploded bombs the
soldiers are tense and ask us to
withdraw the soldiers say it's still not
safe as you can imagine it's quite tense
they say there's a grenade in here and
they're taking defensive positions it's
difficult to know why but clearly this
is very much an ongoing
operation and they want us out of the
way soldiers mark off an area behind a
shed there's a grenade next to a gas
[Music]
canister and that's filmed as they
attacked the kots early on Saturday
local security and the residents fought
them but they were
overwhelmed some survived by hiding they
came through this gate behind his
Gaza the Air Force continues to attack
Hamas positions in the
distance we're so close to Gaza soldiers
have to take extreme care they're wary
of another
attack the bodies of Hamas Fighters are
left where they were
killed if the Israelis are uncertain of
anything they put down
fire the attack happened on a holiday
this community of families was caught
completely off guard and in real terms
unprotected there are stories here of
how people took anything they could to
try to battle them off hid their
children in Cupboards in Wine sellers
and
basements it's so hard to see this but
we have to look at this because the
questions will come down the road about
proportionality the question is when
somebody's a mass killer and they want
to destroy you like
Isis what is the proportionality for
someone like
that the survivors have been taken away
from kafar Asar families have been torn
apart the fate of their loved ones is
often unknown there are many communities
like this one and rebuilding them will
take a long time but the war is just
starting and many other families will
will also be torn apart on both sides of
the
fence Stuart Ramsey Sky News Southern
Israel