a month since Hamas militants attacked
Israel more than 10,000 Palestinians
have been killed and the who also says
tens of thousands of pregnant women and
new mothers are at risk due to a lack of
medical facilities caused by Israeli air
strikes our eest to
off gaza's Health Ministry said Monday
that more than 10,000 Palestinians have
been killed since the start of the armed
conflict between Israel and Hamas among
those killed more than 4,100 are
children un Secretary General Antonio
gutterz called Gaza a graveyard for
children with the UN Palestinian refugee
agency adding that one child has been
killed every 10 minutes the World Health
Organization has also raised great
concern over the health of pregnant
women new mothers and infants in the
Gaza Strip where many hospitals and
medical facilities have shut down due to
ongoing air strikes by isra Israel
according to the wh there are about
50,000 new mothers and pregnant women in
the Gaza Strip with more than 180 babies
born every day it added that 4,600
pregnant women and 380 newborns residing
in refugee camps operated by the UN
throughout Gaza need
treatment meanwhile Israeli forces
Advanced deeper into Gaza on Monday with
more air strikes overnight Monday's air
strikes and ground attacks Focus on the
northern half of the Gaza Strip where
the Israel Defense Forces believe Hamas
has most of its
strongholds on Sunday the Israeli
military struck over 450 Hamas targets
while also taking control of a Hamas
military compound within the compound
were underground tunnels observation
points and training facilities for Hamas
Fighters following a 2-day suspension
dozens of foreign passport holders as
well as some Medical evacuees on Monday
passed through the Rafa Crossing from
Gaza into Egypt according to the Gaza
border Authority Egyptians and foreign
citizens already on pre-approved lists
issued since last week were allowed
through 80 dual Nationals and 17 medical
evacuees left Gaza through Rafa with 48
Aid trucks Crossing in the other
direction EJ adang news