a member of the US Air Force who set
himself on fire in front of the Israeli
Embassy in Washington has died he was an
active duty and and let's bring in our
Washington correspondent James Matthews
for more on this James good to have you
with us so who is this individual and uh
why did he set himself on
fire hi Kamali he's not been named yet
in line with uh military protocol that
will take some time after nexs of kin
have been informed but there is
confirmation this morning that he was an
active juty Airman still many questions
really which will start with the
incident itself which appeared to be
live streamed on video there is video of
an individual approaching the gates of
the Israeli Embassy yesterday around 1:
p.m. in Washington DC and uh he said I
will no longer be complicit in genocide
he then appeared to throw a clear liquid
over himself and set himself on far the
Flames were extinguished by Secret
Service Personnel who were on site at
the time so by all accounts very Grizzly
he was taken to hospital in a critical
condition and within the past couple of
hours we've had confirmation that he has
died politically of course it plays in
to The Wider situation it is problematic
for many people in many places
problematic for Joe Biden you will be
aware that he faces growing intense
criticism for his role with regard to
the Middle East conflict particularly
from opponents here in the United States
who categorize him as weak and criticize
an apparent inability to steer Israel in
the course of the conflict they point to
Joe Biden and and accuse him of being
complicit in the deaths of thousands of
people in Gaza and this will throw a
focus onto the Biden Administration
policy with regard to the Israel Hamas
conflict in particular in a country that
holds its military in such high
regard okay James for now in Washington
thank you for that update more of course
from you throughout the afternoon should
we get more detail about that story