each Prem represents a child taken or
killed by hamamass set up by Jewish
parents who fear a conflict over 2,000
mil away has implications for their
children here in the UK there seems to
be this cry this call for um a unified
message against Jews around the world
against Israelis around the world um it
feels deeply threatening and
uncomfortable
I don't know I don't know if we have a
future here as British Jews I can't
believe that my par my grandparents came
here and saw this as a refuge and were
welcomed with open arms and
now maybe maybe we need to go maybe
that's what people want maybe they just
want the juice to go concerns they say
Amplified by Palestine solidarity
marches from The River To The
Sea be free this chant viewed by many
Jews as anti-semitic who claim it's a
call for genocide and the destruction of
Israel these protesters who say they're
Marching for a ceasefire and end to
occupation insist that's not what they
mean it literally means from the River
Jordan to the Mediterranean see the
Palestinian people will be free that's
what we're asking for the freedom of all
people Palestinian people aren't any
less the police say the chant is lawful
in protest settings but in Jewish spaces
potentially criminal and while the main
March was largely peace ful they've been
criticized for their handling of a
separate Palestine March led by
extremist
groupb no offenses were committed the
police said as Jihad has multiple
meanings the government however says it
will be having words with the
Metropolitan Police chanting uh Jihad on
the Streets of London is completely
reprehensible and I never want to see
scenes like that uh it is inciting
terrorist violence and it needs to be
tackled with the full force of the
law but this incident on a London tube
apparently led by the driver is being
[Music]
investigated with emotions high on both
sides respect and empathy is needed now
more than ever sa chry Sky News oh