based on intelligence information and an
operational necessity IDF forces are
carrying out a precise and targeted
operation against Hamas in a specified
area in the shifa hospital the IDF is
conducting a ground operation in Gaza to
defeat Hamas and rescue our hostages
Israel is at war with Hamas
not with the civilians in
Gaza you know we do have information
that Hamas and the Palestinian Islamic
Jihad uses some hospitals in the Gaza
Strip including the alifa hospital um as
a way to conceal and support their
military operations and hold hostages
they have tunnels underneath these
hospitals and so Hamas and P members
operate a command and control node from
alifah Hospital in Gaza City they have
weapons stored there and are prepared to
respond to an Israeli military operation
against the facility so this is I'm just
telling you what we as the um
intelligence Community assesses is
happening in Gaza City how Hamas is
using these hospitals to operate but
absolutely we do not want to see a
firefight in a hospital where there are
innocent civilians it's extremely
critical
situation uh when the Israeli Army may
have raided uh Al shifa hospital if uh
we can call this war in Gaza one can
call it the war on hospitals the war on
injured people the war on sick people
the war on infants the war on infants
who are in
incubators it never happened in anywhere
in history that hospitals are targets
what is happening in Gaza is a very
obvious very clear War crime that Israel
is committing against those who have
been treated in the hospitals uh many of
the people injured in the areas around
the hospital are not allowed to enter
the hospital ambulances had been
targeted and can be targeted they
received some patients who had been uh
exposed to direct gunshots probably
through snipers all this is insane it's
unacceptable
this is probably this is the most
intensified targeting of Health
Facilities that we ever
witnessed look Hamas must not should
not use a place like a hospital as a
shield for their presence that is as
strong a statement under humanitarian
law as is the statement that the
hospital should not become a place of
War of danger we find these two issues
equally important and equally
understandable for both
sides