on behalf of the OIC member states we
express our deep concerns over the loss
of innocent lives in the occupied
Palestinian territory and
elsewhere regrettably this huge loss of
lives and United violence is a sad
reminder of more than seven decades of
illegal foreign occupation aggression
and disrespect for the international law
including UNC resolutions the 16 years
of illegal blocket of Gaza continues to
rais question over the applicability of
international law and fundamental
freedoms to the innocent civilian
population efforts to normalize and
perpetuate illegal foreign occupation is
breeding
violence there is a need for immediate
steps to ensure the realization of the
right to self-determination of the
Palestinian people and also achieving a
just two-state Solution on the borders
of June 4th 1967 with East Jerusalem as
the capital of the state of
Palestine we call on all parties to
exercise restraint and honor the human
rights obligations in this context the
so-called declaration of war and attacks
on civilian population and their
properties is deeply distressing we
remain concerned about the human cost of
escalating
situation our hearts and prayers also go
out to our brothers and sisters in
Afghanistan owing to the devastating
earthquake and huge loss of life we
request observing one minute silence for
the loss of innocent lives including
women children and the elderly it is
also an occasion to remember victims of
Decades of foreign occupation in the
occupied Palestinian territory I request
you all to stand for 1 minute to honor
those
[Music]
victims
[Music]
stay with the times of India for news
breaks analysis interviews and events we
bring you stories from your neighborhood
and from across the globe as well
subscribe to our YouTube channel hit the
like button and press the Bell icon so
you don't miss any of our
videos