scenes like these have been unfolding in
Israel and the Palestinian territories
in recent days as more hostages are Let
Go by Hamas in exchange for the release
of more Palestinians in Israeli prisons
this Israeli government video is said to
show some of the young families released
on Saturday
reuniting and again on Sunday another
group was freed 17 hostages including
including a 4-year-old American
Girl the temporary truce between Hamas
and Israeli forces is allowing more
humanitarian Aid into Gaza as well but
there's also another effect it's
allowing some gazin a moment of
reflection in the ruins of what was once
their home Reuters journalists found
Ibrahim kinch in the city of con Yunis
near the border with Egypt feeding bits
of cardboard into this fire outside his
partially destroyed house he's making
tea he's saying that gathering around a
bonfire like this used to be an Arab
tradition particularly for Palestinians
and although the practice was lost years
ago he Muses that the war has brought
back some parts of Palestinian
Heritage but what's next he
asks there's no electricity or water
there's shortages of all basic human
needs no house no shelter no clothes
food or water everything is scarce kenin
says the occupation referring to Israel
can destroy homes but can't destroy
their right to a
Homeland the war has leveled large parts
of Northern Gaza such as this area of
Gaza City and forced hundreds of
thousands from their homes negotiators
from qter and Egypt and the United
States government are pushing pushing
for the ceasefire to extend beyond its
Monday
[Music]
[Applause]
deadline
[Music]
spee
[Applause]
my
look at this look at
[Applause]
this
look like a
all
do
get
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
e
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
well up to
[Music]
[Music]
fore
want