you for being here just to put a fine
point on my colleague's questions 3
weeks later are you can you say you're
satisfied with the steps that Israel has
taken so
far has the deconfliction mechanism that
you talked about you said there's
progress is that in place now and is
working and the final thing is about the
peer we're being told us will rely on
Israel for security can you elaborate on
that is it going to be security of US
troops provided by Israel who will
distribute the aid inside Gaza thank you
I'll take your last part and turn to
salali for that but I am not going to
give you now spare the rest of your
colleagues I'm not going to give you a
grade did they get an A+ and ARB we are
in the constant process of monitoring
assessing facilitating supporting
progress towards the goals the president
said this is not a gotcha test um at 2:
p.m. on the 7th of May will Israel pass
or not this is a set of requirements to
help the people of Gaza and the
humanitarian workers whose role is vital
in facilitating
assistance progress is being made but I
am not going to stand here and give you
a grade on that more needs to be
done sonal you want to talk about Jay
Lots sure so just on your question on uh
jots we're working from usad working
very closely with sencom to um put
together the the jots and the pier um
we're working very closely with the UN
to handle the distribution mechanism
into Gaza I'll also say that we are
taking a lot of care to respect the un's
neutrality and Independence in terms of
distribution um just on your question on
security um I think that's best place to
DOD but um suffice it to say that um uh
IDF is providing um some security and
force protection measures to us assets
that will be offshore um and I'll have
you ask uh my DOD colleagues fur the
questions on that over thanks um Mr can
you talk a little