tonight the chief of staff for the
Israeli military announced there will be
a response to Iran's unprecedented
large-scale drone and missile attack
over the weekend CBS Deber Pata reports
on how the alliance of Western and Arab
countries came together for the first
time to defend the Jewish
State a fiery display of Iran's aerial
might choreographed for maximum effect
resulting in minimal damage more than
300 projectiles were launched first came
over 170 drones and 30 cruise missiles
all shot down before reaching Israel
with help from US aircraft in Jordan and
Saudi Arabia that took out nearly 80
drones then came 120 ballistic missiles
around half failed to launch or crashed
in Flight only five pierced through
Israel's powerful air defense system
causing minor damage to a military base
Israel's War cabinet favors retaliation
but differs on timing and scale while
the Israel Defense Force is on
standby we are weighing our steps IDF
Chief heri said the launch of so many
missiles and drones towards Israel will
be responded to the attack has triggered
Global calls for restraint it's time to
step back from the brink under pressure
at home critics of prime minister
Benjamin net nahu question whether he's
the right person to make such a critical
decision so if you ask me if Netanyahu
is is a risk to the set of Israel my
opinion is yes retired two star ID of
General Nimrod shefer says Netanyahu has
a vested interest in prolonging both the
war in Gaza and escalating the conflict
with Iran in order to stay in power if
you're retaliating just to show that
you're strong enough it's a wrong idea
it's a wrong strategy
Sheffer told us Israel could respond
with a Cyber attack a targeted strike or
hitting an Iranian proxy like Hezbollah
but he believes the best course of
action is not to retaliate as Israel has
already won by demonstrating its
powerful defense capabilities Nora
Deborah Pata in Jerusalem thank you