meanwhile the US has said that the world
Court should not order the withdrawal of
Israeli forces from Palestinian
territories and the international court
of justice is mulling a 2022 request to
issue a non-binding opinion on the legal
consequences of the Israeli occupation
take a
listen a few days ago at the Munich
security conference secretary blankin
emphasized that it is more urgent than
ever to proceed to a Palestinian State
one that also ensures the security of
Israel and makes the necessary
commitments to do
so in light of these
considerations the court should not find
that Israel is legally obligated to
immediately and unconditionally withdraw
from occupied
territory well at the hearing Russia
called for Israel to end its occupation
of the Palestinian territories and that
too am made dwindling ties with
Washington Moscow said that Israel must
stop all settlement activities and abide
by UNC resolutions aimed at achieving a
two-state solution Israel is not taking
part in the hearing saying that the
Court's involvement could hinder a
negotiated
settlement now I met growing concerns
for efforts to reach a two-state
solution Israel's parliament has voted
to back prime minister Nathan yah's
declaration opposing the unilateral
creation of Palestinian State Israel
also says that any permanent Accord with
Palestinians would be reached through
direct negotiations between the two
sides and not by any International
dictates
meanwhile the International Community
including the United Nations has been
accused of failing to stop mounting Wars
and conflicts that are killing innocent
people all across the world and this as
it hosts foreign ministers from the G20
Nations
Brazil has slammed the security Council
for its unacceptable paralysis in
relation to the ongoing conflicts this
comes after Brazilian president Lula the
Silva compared Israel's war on Gaza to
Hitler's treatment of Jews the comments
led to an ongoing diplomatic spat
between Brazil and Israel and at the G20
meeting blinkin has clearly asserted
that the US does not agree with the
Brazilian leaders remarks
[Music]
for