[Music]
for
for
I want to tell you lawmakers and dear
families we would't have succeeded up
until now to release more than 100
hostages without military pressure all
the pressures we apply political
intelligence many other efforts would
not have succeeded without the military
pressure and we won't succeed at
releasing all the hostages without
military pressure military pressure
operational pressure political pressure
and that is why there is one thing that
we will not do we will not stop
fighting I say from this stage as well
we are not stopping and we will not stop
until Victory because we have no other
country and we have no other
way
[Music]
[Music]
the
I don't know who is going to come but if
it will be the Prime Minister I will
tell him that he is responsible to what
happen happened in October 7 and he need
to fix it he need to bring them back as
soon as possible cuz they don't have any
time over there in the tunnels and their
life are in danger and we hope that they
will make a deal as soon as as possible
cuz we need to save them we want to hear
what's the plan what's the plan now when
Kamas says no to the deal we want to
know what's
next
for call I hear one thing here all the
time to continue until the end until the
end I want to tell you one thing first
of all we are proud of you really proud
our hearts go out to you you left
families families who support you you
sacrifice friends who die if someone
tells you and they say it all the time I
hear it outside that we are going to
stop the war that War is Over the war is
not over it will end in total Victory no
less than that October 7 is not over it
is not over we have to make sure that it
never happens again this requires what
each and every one of you is asking for
just to continue until the end until the
end and I'm just proud of your
determination