first up the latest in the Israel Hamas
war in which the Netanyahu government
has asked 1.1 billion Palestinians to
evacuate Northern Gaza in the next 24
hours even as casualties on both sides
have crossed the 2800 Mark Palestinians
fear it could be a precursor to a
planned Israeli ground offensive Hamas
however has called on people in Gaza to
stay home and ignore Israeli evacuation
orders following the orders the UN said
the mass relocation of the entire
population in Northern Gaza to the south
of The Enclave was impossible as the
information came shortly before midnight
and urgently appealed for the order to
be rescinded amid an intensified Israeli
Siege cutting off water food and power
and a sudden new assault conditions look
worse than at any point since the
Palestinian refugees flocked to Gaza
during the 1948 fighting when Israel was
founded the Rafa border crossing between
Egypt and Gaza is the the only passage
in and out of the coastal Enclave not
controlled by Israel on Thursday Egypt's
President stated gazans must stay
steadfast and remain on their land Abdul
fat Ali said the case of gazans is
different because their displacement
would mean the elimination of the
Palestinian cause thousands of leaflets
which read evacuate your homes
immediately have been dropped over Gaza
by Israeli military the UN says such a
movement would not be possible without
devastating humanitarian consequences
while Israel says the UN response is
shameful and overlooks the brutality of
the attack by on Israel against the
backdrop of this warning Hamas has urged
residents to not leave their homes but
some residents have started fleeing to
the South Israeli Army says Hamas
militants are hiding in tunnels located
beneath the buildings populated by
civilians United States Secretary of
Defense defense who is in Israel to show
solidarity pledged Ironclad support um
and again compared Hamas to terrorist
organization the
Isis there is never any justification
for
terrorism and that's especially
true after is rampaged by
Hamas and anyone who wants lasting peace
and security for this
region must condemn and isolate
Hamas Hamas does not speak for the
Palestinian people or their legitimate
hopes for dignity security and statehood
and peace alongside
[Music]
Israel