[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
h
[Music]
[Music]
and
[Music]
sec
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
oh
[Music]
oh
we're surging additional military
assistance to the Israeli Defense Force
including ammunition interceptors
replenish the Iron Dome and we've moved
the US carrier Fleet to the Eastern
mediterran they were sending more
fighter jets there in that region and
made it clear made it clear to the
Iranians be
[Music]
careful
[Music]
I've known B for over 40
years in a very Frank relationship I
know him
well and the one thing that I did
say
that it is really
important that
Israel with all the anger frustration
and just I know how to explain it that
exist is that they operate by the rules
of
war the rules of war and there are rules
of
war and
uh and I believe Israel is
doing everything in its power to uh to
pull the country
together stay in the same page and we're
going to do everything in our power
to make sure is succeed and God willing
to bring home those Americans who are In
Harm's
[Music]
Way
[Music]
Israel has the right to defend itself um
and uh they have suffered uh horrendous
uh terrorist attack over the weekend uh
with many civilians killed and and uh
Israel has the right to defend itself
against these types of CH attacks um
then I uh I I also expect that of course
when uh we see uh Israeli responses it
will be proportionate and it is
important as this uh conflict continues
to uh do whatever is possible to prevent
the loss of uh innocent civilian uh
lives
[Music]
[Music]
that
[Music]
[Music]
I have not seen any indications of
additional players that uh are going to
get involved to the detriment of Israel
uh and this is one of the reasons we
address it our Force posture it's not
only in support of Israel but it's also
deter future action and and those are
the kinds of things and and having
talked to my counterpart from Israel uh
they were very appreciative of the steps
that we took with our Force posture uh
it helps to deter and uh those are
things we will continue to do um as we
pay attention not only to what's
happening in Israel but uh continue our
you know to set our posure and support
of Ukraine as
well
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]