houthi Rebels have claimed one of their
most significant strikes since they
started mounting attacks at the ships in
the Red Sea the Iran ring levels have
targeted two US ships in the Gulf of
Aiden they claim the hits were
accurate with the help of God Almighty
the naval forces of the yemeni Armed
Forces carried out two qualitative
military operations in which they
targeted two American ships in the Gulf
of Aden the first was C champion and the
other was the Navas Fortuna the
targeting was carried out with a number
of appropriate Naval missiles and the
hits were accurate and direct thanks to
God according to the rebel group in one
of the attacks missiles damaged a BCE
Flagship forcing the crew to abandon the
vessel The Vessel was set to be
traveling through the Babel mandab
straight that connects the Red Sea to
the Gulf of Aiden while another ship
reportedly came under attack twice in
the Gulf of Aiden this recent attack
carried out by the rebel group has
brought the total number of attacks to
four in the last 24 hours alone
including one targeting a British ship
which resulted in its complete sinking
and one targeting a US mq9 drone near
the Red Sea port city of Heda although
according to reports the Pentagon is
still investigating the cause of a
crashed American Military surveillance
off the coast of Yemen meanwhile the
United States military says that it's
conducting new air strikes targeting the
rebels including one that targeted the
First houy underwater drone scene since
the rebels began launching attacks on
international shipping routes in
November amidst the ongoing crisis in
the Red Sea Egypt's President Abdul fat
hasisi says that the sus Canal which
used to earn about10 billion do a year
has seen its revenues drop by 40 to 50%
the canal is one of the main sources of
foreign currency for Egypt which is
gripped by a severe financial
crisis for all the latest news download
the weon app And subscribe to our
YouTube channel