you can it's a quiet Winter's morning in
the home of tamam Abu hamidan and her
daughter
vieta just over 11 years after another
Israeli invasion of Gaza became one too
many for a mother with a newborn baby in
jabalia life has changed completely the
pair not only settled in Sweden but
Taman became mayor of their town of
olstrom vieta was so small 3 months old
when Israel invaded again I thought I
can't forgive myself if anything happens
to her so we left I was grateful to
finally live in peace and safety but it
was hard at first new culture new
language will I get a job will I give my
daughter a good
life tamam has done that and more
through hard work and initiative she
worked in a pizza restaurant while
taking the language classes offered to
all immigrants in Sweden but soon got a
job helping other new arrivals to settle
her abilities and ambition then saw her
take much bigger steps in Swedish
Society tamam Abu hamadan was voted May
of her Town within just 6 years of
arriving in Sweden from Gaza she now
holds political office here in the
regional capital and was nearly voted to
the National Parliament at the last
election she's been using her voice to
speak up at demonstrations against the
war in
Gaza but also feels helpless at the lack
of political will in Sweden and the
world to stop Israel's bombing of her
Homeland I lived through the second in
as a child I was there through the wars
until 2012 but it wasn't anything like
what I'm seeing there now in the first
week my cousin her husband and her son
were killed my other cousin had one son
killed another lost his arm they are
still in Northern Gaza where can they go
there's no safe place in
Gaza tamam left jabalia so quickly that
she has few photos left of her childhood
she's grateful that Sweden's support
system for immigrants despite the shift
to the right at the last election has
helped her own daughter have a more
secure
future I've given it my all but I was
lucky to meet many people who said
welcome into Sweden to our
society this is one of the reasons I
went into politics I want to maintain
this image of
Sweden but her own seat in politics also
lets her see just how much the children
of Gaza are being left to their fate
Paul Reese Al jazer Carl croner
Sweden make sure to subscribe be to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer