I have full confidence that if left
unrestrained the IDF will be able to get
the job done of Defending Israel I know
they can do
it I personally hope for a successful
In-N-Out operation I would love nothing
more than for the IDF to put the heads
of the top 100 Hamas leaders on stakes
and line them up on the Israel Gaza
border as a sign that October 7th 2023
will never happen again and then to use
all of those saved resources to build
the Border defenses of the
[Music]
future
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
my is that now is the
moment for Israel to return to its
founding
premise the Jewish state has an absolute
right to
exist a Divine gift gifted to a Divine
Nation charged with a Divine Purpose
Israel has an absolute and unequivocal
right and
responsibility to defend itself to the
fullest a applying the only language
that its adversaries understand the
language of Force if Israel wants to at
long last abandon the myth of a
two-state solution Israel should go
ahead and abandon a two-state
solution the rest of the Arab world can
absorb Palestinians just as the Jews
absorbed their people out of 22
countries they were kicked out of since
1948 the Islamic World cannot continue
to condone the slaughtering of Jews
while continuing to disown the
Palestinians that is the hard truth that
neither member of either political party
is willing to speak out loud to the Arab
world I
will what the changes in India's
population and the differential growth
rate rationals about why it's not ending
what's your rationale we have a very
special guest on the record the
interview the role that the US side
played at that point of
time zume my phone is tapped I can
probably say hello to Mr
mod Pakistan has a unique negotiating
Rising confidence of India under prime
minister Narendra Modi communist China
is the greatest threat will come a day
that we will see far more radical
extremist I'm uh I'm still a little
perplexed by why we
have your daily dose of news from India
and across the world Cutting Edge views
and
Analysis tune in to HT videos click on
the Bell icon to
subscribe