Israel is in shock with the
unprecedented scenes of violence and
Chaos unfolding across the country south
seared into people's minds Hamas started
the multipronged attack at around 3:30
on Saturday with thousands of rockets
aimed as far as thiv and Jerusalem some
byp passing the Iron Dome defense system
and hitting buildings how does the Iron
Dome work and did Hamas out Fox The
Cutting Edge air defense system the iron
doome it's an Israeli mobile missile
defense system designed to intercept
short range rockets and artillery it
comprises the lowest level of Israel's
missile defense architecture intended to
counter unguided rocket and drone
attacks from the Palestinian territories
and Hezbollah controlled Lebanon as per
the center for international and
strategic studies the Iron Dome battery
includes three to four launchers a
battle management system and a Fire
Control
radar each launcher can hold up to 20
Tamar interceptors each ionome battery
can defend an area of up to 150 square
km against short- range missiles motar
and Rockets to conserve interceptors the
Iron Dome system can discern between
rockets that threaten population areas
and those that will harmlessly fall
harmlessly in open terrain Iron Dome can
detect and engage targets at ranges of
up to 70 kilm during the 2014 Israel
Gaza conflict over 4,500 Rockets were
fired by Hamas over several days around
800 were were identified as threatening
to population centers within Israel and
targeted for
interception of these 735 were
successfully shot down a 90% success
rate for intercepts so what about the
Hamas rockets that bypass the Iron Dome
and hit buildings swarm tactics too many
missiles at the same spot and time that
can overwhelm the Iron Dome Hamas fired
thousands of rockets within a span of a
few minutes that result resulted in some
Rockets going past the Israeli Shield
Israel is working on the iron beam
that's a defense system which will
surround the nation with a laser wall
the laser will supplement the short
range air defense provided by the Iron
Dome the iron beam shall fix the Gap
exposed by swarm tactics and Safeguard
the Safeguard Israel
further Theon is available in your
country download the app now get all the
news on the move