Israeli forces are pushing deeper into
the Central City of derl Bala in the
Gaza Strip residents in several
neighborhoods there have been ordered to
leave the intentional medical the
International Medical charity Doctors
Without Borders says it's evacuating its
staff from the al- AXA hospital as hind
hodari reports Palestinians Sheltering
there say they do not know where to
go I'm currently
in in Al hospital where this area was
all tent for people people who took this
place as a refuge since uh October after
the Israeli forces asked these people to
evacuate to the southern Gaza Strip most
of the people here were people who seek
Refuge um in the hospital and in the
surroundings of the hospital but earlier
today there were intense uh live
ammunition from the quadcopter where
several injuries were received from uh
the this
shooting people were transferred injured
people were transferred into the into
the hospital as you see we see only the
remainings of the tents people are
telling us that they are leaving to RAF
but we have been covering and and
covering a lot of stories and reporting
that Rafa is packed with people people
are very scared they have been asking us
should we leave where should we go do we
go TOA where where is the place that we
should evacuate to and unfortunately we
do not have any answers because we're
all going through the same thing even
journalists have been evacuating Al AA
Hospital not only the normal people are
evacuating but also the doctors and all
of the medical teams in ela Hospital are
also evacuating they fear that what
happened in the Ala hospital and in the
Indonesian um uh hospital will come back
again they're very scared that the
Israeli forces will invade uh the
hospital and would arrest uh the medical
team after today's um shooting to ham
while is son people are saying okay so
we're going to ra but they're still
asting and murdering people in Rafa so
people are left without any choice
running away from death and trying their
best to stay alive people are striving
to find food and to feed their kids
every single day but at the end of the
day all they're trying to do is to stay
alive this is hind for Al jaaz Al
Hospital