w
[Music]
[Music]
w
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
we will continue to take every step that
we deem necessary and appropriate to
deal with the threat that the houthis
pose and to your question um also deal
with the fact that while the houthis are
pulling the trigger so to speak they're
being handed the gun by Iran and Iran
has a responsibility to uh to take steps
themselves to cease these attacks
because these attacks as I said before
are a fundamental threat to
international law and to International
Peace and
[Music]
security
the citizens of Israel who have been
evacuated from the north have to be able
to return to their homes and have to be
able to do so with a true sense of
security and that means dealing with the
the threat that comes from the other
side of the Border but we also believe
that that threat can be dealt with
through diplomacy and does not require
the launching of a new war now it
requires not just diplomacy but as I
said in my opening deterrence as well
because we need to send a clear message
that we will not tolerate the kinds of
threats and terrorist activity that we
have seen from hisbah uh and from the
territory of
[Music]
Lebanon distinguishing between innocent
Palestinian people on the one hand and
Hamas on the other hand is not just a
moral question though it is a moral
question because innocent people's lives
should be sacred and protected it's also
a strategic question for Israel and I
think uh my Israeli counterparts didn't
just acknowledge that they they very
much uh indicated that their goal is to
try uh to distinguish between innocent
Palestinians and Hamas as we go forward
and uh we will continue to reiterate
both publicly and privately our
commitment to the notion that every
innocent life should be sacred and
should be
protected
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
w
w