[Music]
[Music]
the reports that we got last week and
unra brought them to us uh um were
deeply deeply
troubling uh it is imperative that
unra immediately uh as it said it would
uh
investigate um that it hold people
accountable uh as necessary and that it
review its procedures I had a very good
conversation with Secretary General of
the United Nations
gutes last week when we were first made
aware of these Al allegations and we're
going to be looking very hard at the
steps that unra takes again to make sure
that this is fully and thoroughly
investigated the commission uh has
clearly set out that um it uh has
currently no funding uh to unra foreen
until February
2024 so that is uh absolutely clear and
um in the meantime uh we are asking
first of all uh the organization to
carry out the investigation which it has
itself announced and secondly uh we um
are asking them to agree to an audit to
be carried out by independent experts
that would be selected by the
[Music]
commission
for many years we have said that unra is
involved with terrorism they
collaborated with Hamas for
Generations I think it is the right
decision of those countries to stop
funding unra we have submitted
intelligence material to those countries
proving that unra employees took part on
the massacre of October seven some of
them actually entered Israel committed
the massacre the raping the kidnapping
others were hiding hostages in Gaza it
is about time to dissolve unra and to
think about other ways to support the
[Music]
Palestinians we believe we need a true
mediteran
system
[Music]
such protection
and the critical humanitarian work that
the UN does not only in in in
uh in Gaza all over the region needs to
be supported people's lives depend on it
we are doing in parallel taking very
seriously all the allegations that have
been made we are uh we are
being forward leaning it was UN that
announced this right they took the first
step uh they had briefed critical donors
uh they had briefed certain parties
before that happened they were given
information they took the steps um so we
have a process of accountability that's
that's going on while that's going on
people need to survive and we need to
continued report for unwi and all our
humanitarian
work