[Music]
for
for
while the war in Gaza is Israel's main
focus prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
said on Thursday his country was also
preparing for scenarios in other areas
his comments come amid concern Iran is
preparing to strike Israel in response
for the killing of senior Iranian
commanders in Damascus on April 1st
Israel has not claimed the killings but
Iran's supreme leader Ayatollah Ali
Haron said on Wednesday Israel must be
punished and it shall be for the attack
please have a seat US President Joe
Biden said on Wednesday Iran was
threatening to launch a significant
attack in Israel while Germany and
Russia have both called on countries in
the Middle East to show
restraint tan has avoided Direct
confrontation with Israel or the United
States with iran-backed groups declaring
support for the Palestinians waging
attacks from Lebanon Yemen and Iraq here
is Netanyahu visiting troops at Toff Air
Force Base in southern Israel on
Thursday I said we are in challenging
times we are in the midst of the war in
Gaza which continues in four Force at
the same time we continue our unceasing
efforts to return our hostages but we
are also preparing for scenarios of
challenges in other Arenas and we
established a simple principle whoever
hurts us we hurt him we are preparing to
meet the security need of the state of
Israel both in defense and in attack I
and the people of Israel trust you and
may we all have great
success most Israeli troops have pulled
out of Gaza in preparation for an
assault on the southern city of Rafa
where more than 1 million Palestinians
are
Sheltering
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
yeah
[Applause]