the rful response over these seven
murdered Aid workers contrast sharply
with the muted response to the many
deaths in GZA three British men John
Chapman James Henderson and James Kirby
were among those killed when a convoy
carrying staff from World Central
Kitchen was hit on Monday one of those
killed was a dual American and Canadian
citizen Jacob Flickinger his dad is
American his mom is Canadian more than
32,000 Palestinians who have been killed
include the deaths of at least 90
Palestinian journalists 208 workers and
13,000 children and this doesn't include
the thousands of lives that are now just
decomposing bodies under the rubble on
June 14th a boat sank near Greece
leading to the confirmed death of at
least 82 refugees and migrants and with
up to 500 more presumed dead Just 4 days
later June 18th while still looking for
the bodies of the refugees a deep sea
submersible carrying five people on a
white to the Titanic imploded killing
All Aboard instantly and again the lack
of coverage was predictable there's
there's a a potential tragedy unfolding
with a submarine that is
getting you know minute-to-minute
coverage all around the world and it's
understandable because obviously we all
want and pray that those folks are
rescued but the fact that that's gotten
so much more attention than 700 people
who sank and the coverage of the Ukraine
Russia war in 2022 when a CBS news
reporter said this isn't a place with
all due respect um you know like Iraq or
Afghanistan that has seen conflict
raging for decades you know this is a
relatively civilized uh relatively
European I have to choose those words
carefully too uh City where you wouldn't
expect that or hope that it's going to
happen and an NBC correspondent said
just to put it bluntly these are not
refugees from Syria quite frankly is
part of it these are um Christians or
white so why is it that some victims are
deemed more worthy of attention and
mourning than others and does the
systemic bias allow the ongoing
Slaughter of Palestinians to be largely
ignored or downplayed by those in power
the question that lingers is how can we
break this cycle of selective outrage
and challenge the racist underpinnings
that allow the continued devaluation of
nonwhite
life