[Music]
the star attraction of this year's
nutbar protests was this small train
was a big hit with the kids but it had a
serious message this fake train has been
made with the names of Palestinian
refugee camps on it and it's to
symbolize their right of return the idea
is that people would take this train
back to the original villages of their
parents and grandparents in Palestine
the Bethlehem protest ended the usual
way with Israeli soldiers firing tear
gas in previous years nut bday had been
a big event one that sometimes led to
huge demonstrations with Palestinians in
Lebanon Syria Egypt and Jordan marching
to the border with Israel under Israeli
fire but this year it's different the
real reason why it's not so dramatic is
the fact that people see the Nakba as an
ongoing process it is no longer just a
historical occasion it's done it's
finished it it's not finished it's an
ongoing exercise of ethnic cleansing of
displacement replacement of land theft
of home demolitions of extrajudicial
killings and executions meanwhile
France's foreign ministers in Jerusalem
and Ramallah pushing a French initiative
to get the Palestinians and Israelis
back to negotiations but Israel is
criticizing France for its position on a
UNESCO resolution
so I met the french Foreign Minister
this morning I told him that the
scandalous UNESCO decision which was
supported by France and does not
recognize the Jewish people's ties to
the Temple Mount which is thousands of
years old casts a shadow on the fairness
of any forum that France tries to
convene after months of violence between
Israelis and Palestinians the atmosphere
is still tense and across Bethlehem on
Sunday it was also filled with tear gas
Nicole Johnston TRT world in the
occupied West Bank
you