now even after 5 months of a bruising
conflict the Palestinians in the Gaza
Strip are in an extremely desperate need
for Urgent humanitarian Aid and Israel
continues with its unrelenting
aggression now there appears to be some
bit of a hope there's a promise of some
humanitarian Aid and relief for the
Palestinians from the West which
remember has been barking the Israeli
offensive to the hilt according to a
report the bar Administration is now
quietly pushing for some kind of a
commercial tug and bu large operation to
fill the need for Aid delivery for Gaza
where famine looms amidst the ongoing
conflict the US Army may also urge its
partners and allies to fund a privately
run operation to send Aid to by SE to
the Gaza Strip if the funding these are
the richest nations in the world who are
asking for funding for humanitarian Aid
after having backed the Israeli
offensive and after the United States
having given the weapons for Israel to
carry out this ensive now some kind of
humanitarian Aid could
begin and this this is what is of course
expected in the coming days because the
floating Pier system that the United
States wants to set up will take at
least anywhere from 6 to 8
weeks and the Pentagon has said that
this kind of humanitarian Aid will of
course take 60 days before it can become
operational as relief Aid is coming in
from Land continues to face a number of
restrictions and approval of clearances
to enter into the Strip by the state of
Israel Open Arms a ship carrying about
200 tons of Aid departed from Cyprus the
boat is towing a barge that contains
flour rice and protein and also water
and medicines Provisions that are
desperately needed in the besieged Gaza
Strip Von is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the move