with no signs of deescalation in the
Israel Gaza War the violence continues
to flare as per hamas's Health Ministry
the death toall in the flattened Gaza
Strip has climbed to
34,0 49 the Israeli forces killed at
least 14 Palestinians in a two-day raid
over Saturday
raid in the West Bank of the deceased
one was identified as a 16-year-old boy
the IDF launched the raids in the city
of tarem on Friday and continued the
operation till overnight on Saturday the
T Karem forces AG
groups fighters from Palestinian
factions has confirmed they exchanged
fire with the Israeli forces as by
reports at least three Israeli drones
spotted about the new Shams area this
has been recorded as one of the heaviest
casualties in the West Bank in Mons as
for the IDF at least four soldiers were
injured in the crossfir in at least 45
people have suffered guns wounds in an
attack by Israeli settlers in West
Bank's Al muga
Village the United Nations office for
humanitarian Affairs says that the
settlers burned 21 houses displacing 86
Palestinians the violence was triggered
by a missing 14-year-old Israeli boy
whose body was recovered from around the
almaya village the Israel forces claim
the boy was killed in a quote terrorist
attack the violence comes after
Washington sanction three Israeli
officials on Friday for raising money
for settler violence a video has also
emerged showing a Palestinian flag
exploding when an Israeli man tried to
remove it the video was recorded near a
field close to the West Bank the man who
has been identified as Israel Levy say
the explosive was underground and
exploded by the side and not directly at
him the woman call passenger in the
video Was Heard calling the Palestinian
State and un quoting an ugly rug of the
state that does not
exist for all the latest news download
the we on app And subscribe to our
YouTube channel