the unprecedented terror attack by Hamas
a full-fledged military style operation
has involved new war Fighting Tools some
of which have never before been
displayed in active
conflict this video shows Hamas using
Airborne gliders to fly terrorists into
Israeli territory by bypassing heavily
fortified checkpoints on the
ground armed drones have been used for
the first time by Hamas to take out
Israel's most well-defended tank the
marova
4 while the use of rockets is not
uncommon for Hamas the fact that some
Rockets have had the range to hit Tel
Aviv more than 70 km away points to the
use of relatively Advanced guidance and
propulsion
systems terrorists have also attempted
to enter Israel through a maritime
route many of these boats were
intercepted by Israeli
forces all these weapon systems have
been used as part of hamas's alasam
brigades military battalions which carry
out terrorist operations the terrorist
attack this time has seen Hamas use once
again hostage taking and the use of
civilians as human Shields as standard
operating
procedure many of the terrorists who
infiltrated into Israel may also have
been deployed on a one-way
mission
Israel on the other hand while renowned
for its intelligence apparatus through
multiple agencies will now have to rely
heavily on its conventional military
strength in the event of a larger
military conflict one that now seems
inevitable the Israeli Air Force One of
the most technologically advanced in the
world uses among other weapon systems
F35 stealth Jets a wide range of Smart
bombs which strike targets with minimum
collateral damage a highly Network
Centric system of operations where
sensors are used at multiple devels to
detect and engage targets approximately
500 state-of-the-art marava tanks and
missile boats with quick reaction
systems to take on threats from incoming
missiles or Naval
drones Israel is also a nuclear power a
capability that may not be relevant in
the context of fighting
Hamas but a deterrent if the conflict
extends Beyond its boundaries Vishnu sh
for
IND