working as a taxi driver is not usually
a university graduate's dream job but
for Marta zaharna it has become just
that he graduated from college in 2016
and just like most of his contemporaries
he could not find a job he's had to sell
everything he owns to buy a new car but
even that is not going to be enough
I came today to buy a car in
installments I'll be required to pay
about 300 or 400 a month and the price
of the vehicle will increase too if the
car is originally worth 18 000 it will
be 23 000 or 25 000. I'll not be able to
pay 300 or 400 a month I don't have much
hope for that but I have no other choice
in Gaza we can see many kinds of cars
old and new big and small and all
different colors the common factor
between these cars is that people can't
afford to buy them car importers say
although the prices are going up profit
margins are plummeting it takes more
than three months for a car to reach the
trader even more challenging are the
taxes and Customs that we pay which
exceed the value of the vehicle itself
as more than 50 percent of the car's
value is paid in taxes and Custom
military escalations come and go in Gaza
but just like the blockade economic
turmoil is always ongoing economists say
the surge in car prices in Gaza is not
only driven by global supply chain
issues the internal Division and high
local taxes are making things even worse
there is a poor organization at the
government level there is a significant
rise in taxes customs and duplicity as
they are paid to the West Bank and Gaza
governments there is also a global rise
due to the international crisis all
leading to the enormous surge in car
prices we are experiencing in Gaza
estimates put the number of vehicles in
the Gaza Strip at 80 000 and only 22 000
of them are 2013 models or older and
despite the covet pandemic fading and
car prices stabilizing elsewhere the
coast of buying a vehicle in Gaza
continues to Skyrocket
when demand exceeds Supply prices
increase this is economics 101 but in
Gaza prices always increase whether it
is a global crisis Israeli restrictions
or the policies of both the West Bank
government and Hamas authorities
residents are the ones who always wear
the brunt hitting them in their pockets
[Music]