a wfp convoy waiting for clearance to
enter Gaza City as the conflict drags on
and people become ever more desperate
truck drivers have faced violence and
looting on the road and so the wfp is
pausing deliveries to Northern Gaza
until Aid can be safely distributed
every time a family is displaced they
become more and more desperate they lose
some more resilience and that's really a
consideration when we are so worried
about the threat of famine cross the
strip we know we can't reach everybody
right now it's impossible to get into
the north while some Aid is still
reaching Rafa in the South demand far
outstrips Supply Rafa's population
before the current conflict was around a
quarter of a million people there's now
well over a million civilians half the
territory's population crammed into
camps and because of the overcrowding
the price of Essentials has shot up a
packet of diapers for example can cost a
as much as
$40 with the biggest Hospital in the
South Nasser no longer functioning Aid
agencies fear an Israeli ground assault
on Rafa with its swollen population
could be catastrophic a senior un
humanitarian officer called nasar
Hospital a place of death not of healing
outside Al Nar Hospital in Rafa in a
site that's become Al to familiar
mourners grieve for their families news
that the US has vetto for the third time
a United Nations ceasefire proposal has
filtered through it not my opinion is
that this is a crime and everyone has
taken part in this crime from the right
of the us to have a veto while they are
taking part in this crime as well as
everyone who failed to support
us only images across more than 140 days
did not push the world to take action
then what are they waiting for what is
the world waiting for are they waiting
for all the Palestinian people and all
of the children to die as the bombs keep
falling and the world Dithers
Palestinians in Gaza face deepening
misery clar Harriet TT world