yes 4 hours ago there was meant to be a
ceasefire and it didn't eventuate we
heard that from Hamas officials but
despite that and actually almost because
of that the fact that they're actually
talking about times now is a sign to me
that something is progressing the other
thing is last night Israel's war cabinet
met on an emergency basis and it was
addressed by uh two of the officials
most responsible for the negotiations
including the head of Israel's Security
Service intelligence service the mosad
we've also heard in the Israeli media
today that uh Palestinian Hamas leader
in Gaza yya sinir is now back in
communication with Qatar the mediators
in this deal he had cut off
communication uh over Israel's entry
into shifa hospital that's now resumed
so I think all of these things are signs
now we're hearing from players the
Qatari prime minister Israel's
ambassador to the US not just
journalists we actually hearing from
players that a deal is imminent so would
say it's eding closer and what exactly
do we know about the details of such a
hostage
deal what we know is this Annette we uh
understand that it would be an exchange
of some 50 women and children um Israeli
hostages held by Hamas in in return for
palestini Palestinian women and children
held in Israeli jails and unspecified
number I've read more than 100 all of
this would also include a 5-day
ceasefire which I think is the most
important thing for Hamas there is a
discussion about um Israel insisting
that the mothers be released with their
children not just children uh Hamas
demanding that Israel stop its air
reconnaissance so that they can actually
get from one place to another without
revealing their locations but as the
Qatari prime minister said those seem to
be details the principle uh is now in
place so I think you and I just have to
watch to see if and when this deal
actually will come through on those
turns or others