let's start with the Health Ministry
reports about the last toll of the
casualties from the Palestinians here in
Gaza the last tool is for have been
killed by the Israeli strikes and
bullets and 179 injuries among them
children and gas tier bombed
Suffocation's the the last two of the
over killed persons were from kasam
members the military wing of Hamas after
the airstrikes yesterday night and today
morning were hit on the some of training
both of those of the Palestinian
factions I'm talking about Hamas
military wing and she had Islamic Jihad
post so the the last two were killed or
with their dead bodies were picked up
after the air strike lasts over
overnight and also we don't forgive that
until until this moment while I'm
talking to you the Palestinian
youngsters have went to go to the to the
borders in the between Gaza and his
reporters to confront with the Israeli
soldiers and one casualty have been
reported to us among school boys who
live there schools and go to the borders
to confront or to demonstrate the
American decision by Donald Trump to
move the embassy from Tel Aviv to
Jerusalem so we are generally we're
talking about a day of anger among this
Intifada or weekend called Intifada
because Hamas and other Palestinian
factions has called the Palestinian
masses to came out the streets and to
express their anger over the American
decision so obviously these protests are
going to continue Mohamed yes of course
yes yes till this moment what we are
also hearing the mosques are calling
upon people to get out and to
demonstrate to go to the hot spots
between the garden borders and the
Israel
the soldiers to confront and to show the
the world as they said that we that
Jerusalem is a very important issue for
the Palestinian cause and for the for
the conflict between the Israelis and
Palestinians
[Music]