continue to work with you and partners
across the region to prevent more
tragedy to innocent
civilians 75 years ago your Founders
declared that this nation would be one
based quote based on freedom justice and
peace based on freedom justice and peace
the United States stands with you in
defense of that freedom in pursuit of
that
Justice and in support of that peace
today tomorrow and always we promise
[Applause]
you
don't give up don't give up nothing
changes shame in
Washington so uh you heard the American
President Joe Biden who is in Tel Aviv
and uh during that statement he has once
again assured Israel that America stands
with it he says us stands with you today
tomorrow and always and we promise you
that uh and Joe Biden in fact was also
heard saying that uh America will
continue to work with Israel in this
region to avoid uh more such tragedies
uh to civilians to innocent lives so
Israel has the right to defend itself is
what the uh American president said in
the joint briefing he also said whatever
is required for that America is going to
ensure that Israel has whatever it needs
to continue uh its fight against Hamas
to continue to defend itself uh and in a
very big development in fact the
American president has also said that
America is with with Israel when it
comes to the allegations that are being
leveled against Israel of bombing the
hospital US President Joe Biden said
that we believe that the other side is
responsible for the attack and not you
so America has sided with Israel when it
comes to the attack on the Ali Hospital
uh Israel has been putting out uh
evidence putting out videos claiming
that it was a rocket fired by Hamas that
misfired and that Hamas is responsible
for the loss of lives in the attack on
the hospital remember more than 500
people have been killed in the bombing
in Ali hospital where Pradip data
joining us with more details prep this
was I believe the second interaction
with media uh both the leaders issuing
statements Israel thanking the American
president who is in Israel amidst a war
and Joe Biden once again assuring Israel
that it stands with Israel today
tomorrow and always