on Friday some Palestinians responded to
Hamas leader Ismail hania's call to
protest against the US president's
decision to recognize Jerusalem as
Israel's capital city
demonstrations quickly turned violent
and the first protester to die was
killed near the Israeli Gaza border
at times near Ramallah - it looked as if
the clashes could lead to more deaths
protesters threw stones and police fired
tear gas and rubber bullets some
eyewitnesses said security forces also
used live ammunition
[Applause]
as Muslims streamed out of Jerusalem's
Damascus Gate after midday prayers a
small gathering of Palestinians grew to
a few hundred calling for unity among
the people
but
[Music]
their patience soon ran out three times
during the afternoon they targeted
individual demonstrators and tried to
clear the entrance to the old city some
protesters were moved away roughly as
tensions rose and tempers flared this
was always the concern that the prayers
midday prayers would be a flashpoint now
we have emergency people running up
there because obviously something is
happening and somebody has been injured
right near the main gate but this was
always going to be an issue on this
Friday especially so soon after Donald
Trump's announcement on the status of
Jerusalem prayers were staged in front
of the Damascus Gate and the prominent
Palestinian politician called for larger
peaceful demonstrations
peaceful violence always initiated by
occupation forces by police and by
soldier and our victims as yet this is
no Intifada and tourists still visit the
uprising that's been called for against
Israel so far has only led to sporadic
clashes but Israeli authorities and
Palestinian leaders do expect more
reaction to president Donald Trump's
controversial decision yello-ha David
TRT world Jerusalem