back by voters who consider immigration
the most important issue in the 2024
race former president and likely
Republican Presidential nominee Donald
Trump won the New Hampshire primary
Tuesday we have millions and millions of
people flowing into our country
illegally they come from prisons and
they come from mental institutions the
victory is likely to emboden Trump to
pressure Republican lawmakers to avoid a
compromise on an immigration deal he
said on social media last week that
Republicans should not agree to abort a
deal unless they get everything needed
to shut down what he called an invasion
by millions of people the White House
and senators from both parties have
worked for months to hash out a deal
that would provide $16 billion in
security aid for Ukraine Israel and
Taiwan Republicans insist that it
include funding to secure the border and
a tightening of immigration
rules last week President Joe Biden said
he was hopeful the package would pass at
at least the Senate now the question is
for the speaker and the House
Republicans are they ready to act as
well immigration activist are
pessimistic Congressional Republicans
are not willing to put uh good faith
policies on the table that bring it
bring into place a Humane and orderly
processing at the border and maintain
Asylum uh instead we're seeing farri
Republicans dominate the debate
including former president Trump the
Border issue fires up the Republican
base and passing a bill that Democrats
can claim as a win could hurt Republican
messaging in an election year they don't
want to do anything that might benefit
Joe Biden and take this issue of the
Border off the table for the 2024
campaign as Wars in Gaza and Ukraine
continue to rage foreign policy has
become more of a concern among Americans
this year and apor Center poll found 60%
of Americans say foreign policy should
be a top Focus for 2024 up from 41% last
year 35% s immigration as a top concern
an increase from
27% pusar viewing News
Washington