now Israeli troops have launched a major
offensive on one of the few functioning
hospitals in Gaza the Israeli military
released these images of what it called
an operation in Gaza Palestinian gunmen
engaged them in a gun battle in a number
of buildings at the alifa hospital
complex the alifa hospital is the
largest medical complex in Gaza Hamas
alleged that the Israeli military had
committed a new crime by directly
targeting the hospital buildings without
caring about patients medical staff or
all the displaced people in it Israel
came under Fierce criticism last year
when troops first raided the hospital
and allegedly uncovered underground
tunnels Israel claims Hamas
functionaries are using um as command
and control centers by Hamas the alifa
hospital in Gaza City is one of the few
remaining health facilities in The
besieged Enclave Hamas and said Hospital
officials have denied Israeli
accusations the Palestinians accuse
Israel of targeting hospitals and Israel
says the SES will be used to shelter
armed
Fighters and our correspondent Jodi
Kohan has sent us this report on the
very latest situation at the Gaza border
uh from Israel the Israel Defense Forces
said that Hamas was carrying out Terror
activity from the alifa hospital and
that it shot several Hamas gunmen when
it came under Fire civilians have been
advised to evacuate to the almaas
humanitarian Zone via the coastal road
which has been secured IDF spokesperson
Daniel hagari said that soldiers were
briefed in advance on preventing harm to
civilians patients Medical Teams and
equipment that IDF doctors were on hand
to assist those in need and called on
Hamas terrorists inside the hospital to
surrender this is jod Cohen for weon
world is
one for all the latest news download the
Von app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel