here are the latest updates of the
ongoing Israel Hamas War Netanyahu
rejects calls for ceasefire Israeli
strikes continue to hit waron Gaza City
Sunday as ground forces fought with
Hamas militants near al-shifa hospital
where thousands of medical officials
patients and displaced people are said
to be trapped with no electricity and
decreasing supplies AP reported in a
televised address on Saturday prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu rejected
growing international calls for a
ceasefire unless it includes the release
of all 239 hostages captured by Hamas in
the October 7 rampage that triggered the
war saying Israel was bringing its full
force to the battle Palestinian death
toll Rises to
11,078 the ministry in Gaza says
Palestinian death toll in the war has
gone up to 11,078 since hostilities
began more than 1,400 people have been
killed in Israel a child killed every 10
minutes in Gaza wh on average a child is
killed every 10 minutes in Gaza tedro
Adam gesas director general of wh wrote
on X as he shared a video urging for
ceasefire in the won
area wh loses contact with alifa
Hospital Tedros Adam gabes director
general of the World Health Organization
in a post on X said wh has lost contact
with focal points in alifa hospital when
newborn babies died after the hospital
ran out of electricity 13 Palestinians
killed in Israeli strike in kanun 13
Palestinians were killed in an Israeli
strike on a house in kanun health
officials in Hamas controlled Gaza told
Reuters on Sunday Russia begins
evacuation of its Nationals from Gaza
evacuation of Russian Nationals from
Gaza Strip has begun and more than 60
Russian passport holders have crossed
into Egypt
at the moment citizens of the Russian
Federation who wish to leave the
conflict zone are crossing the
checkpoint Russia's emergency Ministry
told writers Russian emergency
situations Ministry Specialists are
providing medical and psychological
assistance to the people on site and
providing them with food and water it
said that's it for today stay tuned with
Indian Express for all the updates on
Israel Hamas
conflict