I think the bad thing about the US
decision in the in the United Nations
security Council was it encouraged Hamas
to take a Hardline and that therefore my
decision not to send the delegation to
Washington in the wake of that
resolution was a message toas prime
minister's office uh has agreed has
agreed uh to reschedule the meeting
dedicated to Rafa so we're we're uh now
working uh with them to set to find a
convenient
uh that's obviously going to work for
both
[Music]
sides
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I think the bad thing about the US
decision the in the United Nations
security Council was it encourag Hamas
to take a hard line and to believe uh
that International pressure will prevent
Israel from a bringing the hostages and
uh destroying Hamas and that therefore
my decision not to send the delegation
to Washington in the wake of that
resolution was a message to
Hamas it was a message first and
foremost to Hamas don't bet on this
pressure it's not going to work and I
hope they got the
[Music]
message
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
he
[Music]
our position has been that it should not
go forward uh in the way that they have
contemplated the way that you've heard
us describe it um uh for the past I
think it's 10 days now that a fullscale
military operation um into Rafa would be
a mistake and it's not something that we
can support what we have said is the
kind of mission that we could support is
a um a much more targeted limited
campaign that could still achieve the
same objectives that could still um uh
lead to the defeat of those remaining
Hamas battalions inside Rafa but without
massive harm to the civilian population
without hindering the deliver uh
delivery of humanitarian assistance and
without actually weakening Israel's
security instead of strengthening
it