symbols of Palestinian resistance fly on
every street corner of the chatila
refugee camp in Beirut inside families
who can afford a television are almost
sure to be watching One Thing news about
the conflict in Gaza I wish she we are
very affected by the news in Gaza we
follow what's happening there 24 hours a
day these days Raja and her husband
Muhammad spend their time minding their
grandchild while his parents are at work
like many people in shatilla they were
born here in the camp but home is
somewhere
else if I was in America or France or
Italy Palestine will still be my only
home for many it's a sentiment that's
only grown stronger but the desire to
return to Palestine is deepened by a
second dispossession the denial of
rights in
Lebanon Palestinian refugees in Lebanon
want to return to their Homeland the
most they suffer the worst conditions
and are deprived of the most basic needs
here Palestinians here are cut off from
lanese society despite having been born
in the country by law they can't work
outside the camp fueling a cycle of
permanent
poverty well this is one of the
boundaries of shatilla refugee camp
people here can't build out so they're
forced to build up camp officials tell
us there are as many as 25,000 to 30,000
people living in just 6,000 small
dwellings in some cases a family of 12
living in a single unit over time the
camp has been condensed into a network
of dank passageways from above it
becomes clear how many of the dwellings
have been cobbled together Ibrahim
Hussein's home is no different a father
of three he hasn't had any work in a
year his fridge is empty everyone sleeps
together here because rain seeps through
the ceiling of the only other room in
his
home there are a lot of people like me
not one or two but many people the
majority of my friends live like me
Ibrahim can't watch what's happening in
Gaza at home there's no electricity but
he's well aware of what people there are
going
through at least we are sleeping and
putting our head on a pillow the people
of Gaza you see the children dying and
the hospitals being bomed they are
living outside in cold weather out in
the snow and
rain Ibrahim says he hopes for peace in
Gaza and for a better future for him and
his family Randolph Nole trt world in
the shatilla refugee camp
[Music]
Lebanon