the latest Carnage in Gaza included this
Israeli air strike in Rafa City in the
South following a strike on the central
Gaza Camp city of nerat more than a
dozen were killed and left the survivors
checking to see if their relatives were
under those sheets meantime Israeli
tanks patrolled the border of Israel and
Gaza on Tuesday as Israel ordered fresh
evacuations from parts of Gaza City and
as fears grow of an impending Israel da
ground assault on Rafa possibly at the
start of the holy month of Ramadan there
are more scenes of desperation just
about everywhere else the world food
program announced it was pausing its Aid
deliveries to Northern Gaza out of fear
for the safety of those delivering and
receiving the
aid there is no milk no food no drink
like normal people have I lost 25 kilos
in one month only we can't go on with
this life we can't do
anything at Nasser Hospital Southern
gaza's Main Medical Facility an Israeli
raid there a week ago in the hunt for
Hamas has left the roughly 130 remaining
patients in the dark dozens of patients
are being evacuated the World Health
Organization says the deterioration from
just two weeks ago is remarkable the
entire neighborhood around here is
damaged and destroyed the hospital
itself has no electricity has no food
has no water there's very few doctors
and nurses they're living here in the
premises working around the clock on the
Diplomatic front the White House says
America's top negotiator Brett mcer will
be back to Cairo for truce talks on
Wednesday hamas's top political leader
has joined those talks but Israel
already withdrew its negotiators in Tel
Aviv relatives of hostages held by Hamas
demonstrated outside Israel's military
headquarters I expect that something
will happen and I expect that my family
my father will come back I don't care
how but I want him at home alive there's
been no response from Hamas to Israel's
threat of a Ramadan assault on Rafa but
the US is increasingly trying to put
just as much pressure on Israel as it is
on Hamas to reach a ceasefire Andy Rosen
trt World
Washington