them now in Tel Aviv a cry for
help now outside Israel's defense
Ministry anguished relatives of captives
held by Hamas demanding their
release all the countries where are you
you must understand it's crazy we are in
in Hell In Hell we are in hell and we
want our LS back home now
a day after Hamas released two American
captives demonstrators urged leaders to
implement a ceasefire and expressed
anger with how the government has
handled it all hours later an
announcement from the Kasam brigades the
military wing of Hamas saying the armed
group informed Qatar they planned to
release two more captives without
conditions but that Israel refused we
have offered to uh hand over those
captives who are in severe humanitarian
in condition but their governments they
are not serious on that they want to
continue killing our children they want
to continue bombardment the houses in
response the Office of Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu called the claims by
Hamas mendacious propaganda and said we
will continue to do everything necessary
to bring all the captives and missing
back home analysts say the message from
Israel is clear that it won't negotiate
with Hamas Israel did not negotiate it
was the Caris who facilitated the uh
negotiations with Hamas to allow the to
women the American citizens to return
home uh and in in Israel they believe
that is part of a psychological war that
Hamas wants to gain time before or to
stop Israel maybe with International
more International pressure to stop
Israel from the ground Invasion into
Gaza from the Israeli government
increasingly bellicose rhetoric and
continuing military
buildup we will turn this equation
180Â° the day of the attack will be
remembered as the day that started the
final and complete destruction of the
Hamas terrorist
organization we will deepen our attacks
we will minimize the dangers to our
forces in the next stage of the war and
we're going to increase the attacks
while calls for a humanitarian ceasefire
only grow louder the bombardment of Gaza
already Relentless only
intensifies Muhammad jum Al jaaz
occupied East Jerusalem