[Music]
this is Gaza's medical front-line Shifa
hospital is the largest in the region
and it handles many emergencies Baha was
brought here on Friday he was shot in
both legs
hello Sasha Bobby we got close to the
border other protesters started to throw
stones and burn tires we hadn't thrown
anything but we wanted to I was the
first to be shot the bullet went into my
left leg and then rightly and went
straight through my service Oh totally
paja admitted he went to Palestinian
demonstrations intending to throw stones
at Israeli soldiers he says he didn't
realize the danger he's the youngest son
in his family and his mother is
distraught his life is destroyed he's a
young at the beginning of his life he's
not even married yet and God knows if
his leg will heal the doctor said that
they may have to amputate his leg so I
begged him not to cut it off he's still
a young man if he lost his leg he would
lose his life
located in the same hospital is the Gaza
strips main blood unit there's no
shortage of donors but doctors are
struggling with a combination of the
deadly demonstrations and political
uncertainty the snipers mainly give
bullets and this bombing bullets in
lower limbs 80% of cases and lower limbs
mainly in joints in the knee and the
ankle which is in the future they are
disabled patient they are the solution I
think this is a problem we meet with our
patient in which we need to operate 1 &
2 & 3 times 11 years of a partial
Israeli blockade on Gaza three wars and
now the current protests have led to a
serious decrease in medical supplies
this year much like last year medical
staff in Gaza say they are short by 40%
of the basic medicines which are needed
every day not just morphine or
antibiotics but even syringes bandages
and latex gloves the ongoing protests
are putting even more pressure on
medical staff bajas injuries are worse
than most bones in both of his legs are
shattered after a bullet went through
one leg and smashed into the other he
faces a long and agonizing recovery and
probably more surgery to Yolo up David
TRT world
Shifa hospital Gaza
[Music]