now Yemen sui Rebels have claimed the
responsibility for a missile strike on a
Norwegian commercial tanker of the coast
of Yemen in the Red Sea now the missile
attack caused a large F on board the
ship the name of the ship is trinder and
according to the houti spokesperson The
Vessel was apparently delivering crude
oil to an Israeli terminal and therefore
the houis view it as a legitimate Target
and they also say that the crew had
ignored continuous houti warnings
against going to Israel however the
tanker owner a Norwegian company has now
disputed this claim it is stated that
the vessel was in fact headed to Italy
with a cargo of biofuel feed stock and
not crude oil however the company did
acknowledge a tentative Israeli Port
call that was scheduled for January now
in response to this the Israeli military
has deployed one of its most advanced
warships the SAR six class corvet in the
Red Sea the US Navy destroyer Mason had
also intervened in the situation
responding to distress calls from sender
a pentagon spokesperson has referred the
attack is a
destabilizing
one and it has called for an immediate
International
solution uh the the actions that we've
seen from these houthi forces are
destabilizing they're dangerous and
clearly a flagrant violation of
international law uh and so this is an
international problem that requires an
international solution
uh we do continue to consult closely
with our International allies and
partners on implementing a Mari time
task
force now the huis are already involved
in the Israel Hamas conflict and now
they have further expanded their actions
they've been attacking Wessel in the wat
shipping lanes and are lodging drones
and missiles at Israel from over a
thousand miles away from Yemen's Capital
sa earlier they' even cleared their
intentions to Target all chips that were
headed to Israel regardless of their
nationality they also issued warning to
the shipping companies against their
involvement with Israeli ports and
they've said that so long as Israel
continues with its Relentless campaign
of bombardment of the Gaza Strip the
houis will shut down the Red Sea
Corridor for Israeli
shipping Von is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the move