the most important thing when this
aggression ends and I hope that is going
to be very very soon is that we make
sure that our children uh and the
horrors they have seen will not turn
into hate but will turn into love of
their people of their culture that is
very tolerant and to be part of our
Liberation and part of building a state
that we will be proud of
in the first couple of days of the
aggression I lost seven members of my
extended family my cousin her husband
her children or you but I assure you
this is the story of every family in
Gaza and the wound the wound is huge is
is huge um it will take us time to uh
heal these wounds what Israel has has
done is
actually creating a deep sky in our
Humanity as community of Nations because
Israel has been
normalizing
normalizing the mass murder of children
of women the mass destruction of
hospitals schools churches
mosques the starvation we need action we
need enforcement of laws we need
sanctions on any party that violate
international law and Israel is not only
violating in international law Israel is
bombing international law they have
bombed many un premises as you know they
have killed more un workers in the last
few weeks than uh uh the sum of un
workers for so many years and this is a
test for our International System and
this is also a test for our Humanity
because Israel has completely and
utterly destroyed all the rules we built
after the second World War
it's unconscionable that we only want to
reach or seek to reach poses as the
Western term is so we pause for a few
hours or few days uh we provide some
food and water to our children and then
they resume killing the children so this
does not make sense whatsoever we need
to make sure that this is comprehensive
and permanent we must really turn this
tragedy into a momentum for freedom and
a momentum for peace and a momentum to
uh uh address the legitimate rights of
the young people