[Music]
it still believes that it can rearrange
the region the expansion of the
confrontation will cause the Americans
to lose control in the region and the
region will go on paths that will not
necessarily be in the interest of the
Americans but rather will be in the
interest of the people of the region and
this is what the Americans
fear these are all pressure cards on
Netanyahu and I believe this is the
secrets of the American insistence on
reaching a solution that leads to a
ceasefire the result of the Voting is as
follows 13 votes in favor one vote
against one Abed there's no doubt that
the negotiation process every effort to
pressure on the enemy one of the tools
ofure which you also is to
SW
are firstly it is clear that Hamas was
never committed to being the ruling
Authority we have always adhered to a
specific principle that the Palestinian
people are the ones who elect and who
choose their leadership through free
elections we are not concerned about the
future of the leadership of the
Palestinian people as much as we are
Keen for the leadership to be the one
that has the option of resistance and
believes in the complete liberation of
[Applause]
Palestine
[Music]
[Applause]
please raise their
hand those
against of our concern for the 1.5
million civilians who sought refuge in
civilians must be
[Music]
protected the main goal of the operation
was to confront the project of the
Netanyahu government which announced
that it would end the Palestinian issue
within the next 4
years
essence of the process is to put the
Palestinian issue on the right path from
breaking news detailed analysis in-depth
interviews and explainers follow the
times of India subscribe to our YouTube
channel don't forget to like our videos
and hit the Bell icon to stay updated
with the
latest