we begin in the Middle East where
tensions along Israel's northern border
are rising as Hamas Ally Hezbollah
launches dozens of rockets the Iran
proxy fired a barrage of 35 rockets at
an Army headquarters in Northern Israel
now the attack was in response to
Israeli rage targeting villages in
southern Lebanon and the Israeli Defense
Forces said no injuries were reported in
the attack in retaliation the Israeli
military struck Hezbollah positions in
southern Lebanon and the IDF said its
fighter jets had hidden infrastructure
and two buildings where members of
Hezbollah were operating from now
there's been daily crossborder exchange
of fire between the two groups following
the Israeli offense of in Gaza after
Hamas October 7th attack and Hezbollah
says that it is acting in support of
Hamas and now with tensions between
Israel and Iran at an all-time high the
Lebanese Shiite militant group group has
intensified its attacks on Israeli
military Targets in fact since October
7th at least 376 people have been killed
in Lebanon of which 70 were civilian
casualties Israel says that at least 10
of its soldiers and eight civilians have
been killed in Hezbollah attacks the
hostilities have also displaced tens of
thousands of people from border
communities in Northern Israel and
Southern Lebanon meanwhile the is
Israeli military continues its Onslaught
in the Gaza Strip and on Monday the IDF
said it searched and destroyed Hamas
infrastructure and eliminated Hamas
fighters in central Gaza in southern
Gaza Israeli troops returned to con
Yunis again and launched a raid against
Palestinian militants armored Israeli
military vehicles were also seen moving
along the Gaza border the Relentless
Israeli assault has already killed over
34,000 Palestinians in The Enclave with
no end in
sight from impeachments to inaugurations
if it's a political story we are on the
scene the race for the White House is
heating up we're beating Biden how dare
he say that if it's breaking news we're
live with the latest coverage from the
White House the state department and
Capitol Hill we know the issu but above
all we know the players to bring you the
latest in-depth analysis on all the key
stories that we're covering I'm Eric ham
join me from Washington here on first
post America