hello and welcome let's take a look at
our top story Israeli military is
considering plans to invade Southern
Lebanon this while risking further
escalation in the ongoing conflict with
Hamas now despite calls for restraint
from Western allies the Israel Defense
Forces are planning to push Hezbollah
forces North to the symbolic Lani
River the Lani River holds significance
due to a un ceasefire resolution in
2006 the resolution required the removal
of armed forces in Lebanon north of the
river however Hezbollah has still
fortified the area they have Justified
this by claiming Israel's
non-withdrawal from a disputed area in
the goolan
Heights the two sides have been
exchanging artillery and missile fire
since the start of the war in Gaza this
has also raised con concerns about the
conflict spreading
further but these concerns have been
lowered by his bu's leader Hassan nzala
he indicated a major offensive would
only occur if provoked by Israel or if
Hamas faced an overwhelming defeat on
the other hand IDF spokesperson
Lieutenant Colonel Jonathan conricus has
emphasize that there is no returning to
the existing state of affairs this is
there forces are already prepared and
plans for the Readiness have been
defined moreover Israeli politicians and
military strategists also rejected an
easy ceasefire with Hezbollah now this
has prompted a discussion within
Israel's war cabinet on whether to
launch a ground force or not a decision
which can prove to be crucial for
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu meanwhile there is is an
ongoing internal debate within the war
cabinet on how seriously to take this
Hezbollah threat while some believe
Hezbollah fears a political backlash in
Lebanon the IDF sees potential for
limited attacks in Northern
Israel
[Music]