far out in the Red Sea a cargo ship
sails into a houy
ambush in astonishing footage released
by The Yemen Rebel group a helicopter
tails the vessel then moves into land on
its
[Music]
deck the houthis are known for their
landbased Insurgency in Yemen not for
this kind of operation at
sea paramilitary squad fans out across
the ship as the helicopter peels away
then heads for the vessel's
bridge bursting in and ordering the crew
to surrender the
ship below deck aoui fighter shout God
is great and curses America and Israel
here we are Gaza he yells in Yemen a
houi spokesman claimed responsibility
and had this chilling warning for other
shipping linked with
Israel the yemeni Armed Forces renew
their warning to all Affiliated ships it
warns the Israeli enemy or those dealing
with it that it will become a legitimate
Target for the armed
forces the houthi spare no effort
showing off their capture as it sails
towards Waters they control in footage
that could have been filmed for
Hollywood the vehicle carrying vessel is
registered in Britain operated by the
Japanese but reportedly owned by a
company owned by one of Israel's richest
men now in the hands of a rebel group
supported trained and armed by Israel's
Arch foe Iran a woring development in
this conflict even if Iranians are
trying to distance themselves
now we have said many times that
resistance groups in the region
represent their own countries and people
and they make decisions based on the
interests of their own countries and
Nations the Iranian bat houthis have
issued graphic showing a vessel labeled
with the word Israel warning in English
Hebrew and Arabic we will sink your
ships huies have fired rockets at Israel
but not done this before no Israelis are
thought to be on board the Galaxy leader
but this extraordinary Act of high seas
piracy is a direct challenge to Israel
and its allies in the west escalating
tensions over the war in Gaza Dominic
waghorn Sky News
Jerusalem