the scale of the disinformation
circulating is such that it even caught
the eye of EU Regulators who gave Elon
Musk 24 hours to address the problem on
X formerly known as Twitter let's have a
look at some of the posts that got the
most attention this is one of the most
prolific it's a video that was posted on
Tik Tok showing a fire in an urban area
some of the people who shared it said it
showed attacks on Gaza others said it
was films showing the Israeli Skyline
following a Hamas strike either way it
clocked up 2.9 Million likes and over
59.6 million views with loads more
accounts reposting it but the video was
actually circulating over the Internet
well before Saturday's attack ever took
place other similar videos showed that
this scene was actually filmed in
Algeria during celebrations for the
football team CR bidad this post on X
allegedly shows a Hamas fighter with a
kidnapped Israeli girl it's been posted
across multiple accounts and amassed
millions of views but Sky news's data
and forensics team found that the video
was originally posted back in September
meaning it's got nothing to do with
current events X has since put up a
community note under the post sharing
the video explaining that it's unrelated
to the conflict this single post got 2.6
million views it shows a helicopter
being shot down near a coastal area it
was said to show a Hamas fighter
shooting down an Israeli war helicopter
in Gaza but if we take a closer look at
the video there are clear signs that it
was generated by a computer we did a
reverse image search on it and that
found that it was actually from a video
game called Armor 3 we contacted Tik Tok
X Snapchat and meta for comment meta
said they've got a team working Round
the Clock since Saturday to keep their
platform safe X responded to the eu's
warning over their handling of alleged
disinformation they said they' boled
their Community notes team which is
designed to give context to posts
they've said here based on our most
recent analysis notes related to the
conflict are showing on X quickly at a
medium time of about 5 hours after the
post creation
time but we all know that posts on
social media can spread across the world
in a mat of minutes so there's a high
risk that by that point the damage has
already been done