now the ongoing war in the Gaza Strip
has given the world a lot of reasons to
help Egypt now Egypt appeared to be in
serious danger of going bankrupt just
two months ago there are enough
compelling new reasons for the world to
step in in help Egypt is again in the
spotlight due to the conflict that is
unfolding at this moment in the Gaza
Strip and this means for supplies for
Gaza and also the trapped Palestinians
to get out Egypt of course has played a
major role in the hostage negotiations
that led to the six we combat Sease for
now Abdul fat Ali is unexpectedly become
a top priority for some of the world
leaders he's expected to win a landslide
reelection next week after decades Egypt
remember has always had a lot of
Leverage in terms of what happens within
the Palestinian territories especially
in the Gaza Strip now despite being
situated along one of the busiest
trading routes in the world never before
has its economy needed anything more
badly Egypt is in dire need of dollars
as foreign money has pretty much gone
the country's black black market
exchange rate is far higher than the
official one and the inflation currently
set to be nearly
35% Egypt may be forced to default on
its $165 billion foreign debt the
nation's dollar bonds yield around 15%
well into the distressed territory
however the situation is not quite as
critical as it was before the Gaza war
and it's likely that the prospective
supporters from the O Rich Gulf States
to the European Union and also the
international monetary fund they'll now
feel more pressurized to Pro reir some
money and to ease their restrictions
even if geopolitics offers Egypt some
Financial bargaining power there is
mounting pressure on Abdul fat Ali to
change course and to revive the Egyptian
[Music]
economy