on a rare concession russian president
vladimir putin has reportedly apologized
to israeli prime minister nathalie
bennett for his foreign minister's
claims that adolf hitler had jewish
blood
according to a statement by israel
president putin made the apology in a
call with prime minister benet who said
that he accepted the apology from putin
and thanked him for clarifying his
attitude towards the jewish people
however it is to be noted here that
russia's account of the conversation did
not mention an apology but an apology
from putin is rare and will be seen as a
rebuke of his own foreign minister
sergey lavrov
the russian diplomat had made the
initial controversial comments earlier
this week to try and justify moscow's
goal of denausifying ukraine despite
president vladimir zelinsky being jewish
lavrov said in an interview that hitler
had jewish blood and that the most rabid
anti-semites tend to be jews
these remarks sparked outrage in israel
and threatened to upset its so far
neutral stance in the ongoing war
it also prompted israel to summon
russia's ambassador foreign minister yar
lapid called the remarks unforgivable as
well as a terrible historical era
russia's foreign ministry then doubled
down on its comments accusing lapid of
anti-historical remarks about the
holocaust
needless to needless to say that things
have been tense between the two
countries remember israel remains one of
the few western countries still willing
to engage with russia and president
putin himself has spent considerable
effort to cultivate israel as an ally
bennett and putin also discussed the
situation in ukraine bennett said that
he asked putin to allow evacuations of
civilians from the azov stall steel
plant the request comes a day after
bennett spoke to ukrainian president
zielinski he said that putin had
promised to set up a corridor for
civilian evacuation
[Music]