yesterday evening in the mumbra area
right adjacent to the Mumbai City a
group had got together there were Pro
Palestine rallies that have uh emerged a
large number of members of the Muslim
Community came out in support of
Palestine on the call of United Millie
Forum praying for Palestine during the
prayer we could see that people were
teary eyed emotional uh offered also for
the innocent Palestinians who are dying
with the Israeli strikes that are on
slogans were raised against Israel and
there were appeals to boycott Israeli
products Dave kotak joining me from
Mumbai uh Dave good morning go ahead so
how many people can we say gathered uh
in the area is this in Mumbai City or
adjacent to it are we expecting more Pro
Palestine rallies in Maharashtra and
Mumbai well yes uh to answer your last
question first yes we're definitely
expecting a more anti-israel and pro
Palestine rallies that could be coming
up within the next few days
also if this place mumra falls in the T
district and comes under the tan Police
Commissioner which had uh denied
permission to these protesters who had
even submitted a written letter but a
prohibitory orders were in place so and
300 people were booked so you can sort
of gauge and get a sense in terms of how
many people must have gathered more than
500 if 300 alone are being BR being
booked for defying prohibitory orders so
you can really
understand the intensity they also
spotted black armbands as a sign of
protest uh against Israel which they
said that has been committing murders
and has been killing innocent people
mercilessly of course like you rightly
said that there is a ban to also boycott
the products that come in from Israel uh
of course within the next few days we
can only so keep tracking that keep
tracking that Dave it appears that
there'll be likely more Pro Palestine
rally and how will the response be that
will there be pro-israel rallies too
that will emerge what's happening
remember amid all of this there are over
200 innocent civilians are still held
hostage while many more are being killed
both in Israel and in Gaza as we speak
it's a conflict that's emerging