let's move on now this saturday marks
the 30th anniversary of full diplomatic
ties between india and israel as stars
continue to grow between the two sides
israel's foreign minister eri lapid has
sent this exclusive message for veon
viewers take a look
is a historic day on which we not only
mark 30 years of diplomatic relations
between india and israel
but celebrate the positive impact our
countries are having on the lives of
hundreds of millions around the world
we're healing the word through our
cooperation in fighting the pandemic
we feeding the world through our
cooperation in water and agriculture we
are powering the world through our
cooperation in green energy and we are
bringing the world closer together
through our cooperation in high tech
and all of this
is the beginning
my good friend minister of external
first jai shankar and i are already hard
at hard at work taking our relationship
to the next level
we in israel are grateful for the
friendship and support of the people of
india
and we know that together we will
continue to achieve amazing things and
make the world
a better place
india and israel have traditionally
enjoyed close ties while india
recognized the jewish state of israel
way back in 1950 it established full
diplomatic relations in 1992. since then
the ties between the two nations have
been growing in october last year indian
foreign minister dr shankar visited
israel the indian delegation held a lot
of bilateral meetings and initiatives to
bolster ties
especially the shared history between
tel aviv and new delhi discussions
included strengthening the strategic
india-israel alliance further expanding
bilateral ties and deepening the
friendship
thank you sir thank you
is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news updates on the move