in the direct aftermath of October the
7th the United States seemed unconcerned
about a civilian death toll in Gaza
Israel it said had an obligation to
defend itself but Weeks Later Gaza has
turned into a horror house the corpses
of the Dead litter the rubble fil
streets and the living are busying
themselves trying to prove their
Humanity we plead with the entire world
to see us as human beings not just
numbers and to take care of us the
chorus of Cries From Gins May finally be
finding semi- receptive ears in
Washington where officials seem to be
contradicting unfounded Israeli
assertions such as the one that Hamas is
using hospitals as military bases we do
not want to see a firefight in a
hospital where innocent people helpless
people uh people seeking Medical Care
are caught in the crossfire whilst
calling for increased humanitarian Aid
to Gaza Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin doubled down on the future of
Gaza being Palestinian Le against the
backdrop of Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin netanyahu's insistence that
Israel will be in charge of gaza's
security those remarks raised fears of
reoccupation no diminution in the uh in
the territory of Gaza and a commitment
to Palestinian Le governance for uh for
Gaza and and for the West Bank it's not
only the US narrative that seems to be
softening on Tuesday French president
maon pointed out holes in Israel's
bombardment campaign day after day what
we saw is a permanent bombing of
civilians in Gaza I think this is the
only solution we have this is fire
because it's impossible to explain we
want to fight against
terrorism by killing innocent people but
while the number of voices in support of
Gaza is mounting so two is the death
toll and on the ground there is little
faith that the former can outpace the
latter the West's tone may be changing
but their support for the Israeli state
and its military might remains
unwavering Priyanka Nani tr2 world