[Music]
Alley is paralyzed down one side of his
body his mother Yara is doing all she
can for him but is struggling to provide
the care he needs
every day he should take a shower in the
morning because he uses diapers and he
needs to change them constantly due to
the electricity crisis we don't get
water unless there's electricity Yara
and her son live in the impoverished
Gaza Strip
what more can I say regarding the
wheelchair if it doesn't get charged the
boy suffers psychologically he feels
depressed and often fights other
children the UN has reported it could
become impossible to live in Gaza by
2020 but the charity saved the children
says it's like that already and it wants
Israel's decade-long blockade on the
Palestinian territory lifted save the
children says the blockade is crippled
the territory's infrastructure and
health and emergency services are now at
a breaking point and more than 90
percent of water sources are
contaminated there are also parish
shortages and they're the result of a
dispute between Hamas and the
Palestinian Authority Gaza is now being
supplied electricity for roughly between
two and four hours a day and that's
leaving Gaza 750 schools struggling I
cannot bear the heat because our home
only has two rooms and fans don't work
without electricity in addition we live
in a border area and so we feel afraid
of going out at night
the electricity crisis can be blamed on
Palestinian and Israeli politicians but
the longer it takes for this dispute to
be resolved the longer people in Gaza
will be deprived of basic necessities
with the young being the worst-affected
we always learn about human rights and
children's rights at school why don't
they give it to us why don't they give
us the rice that they teach us why do
they teach us human rights if they don't
intend to give them to us why can we
enjoy our simplest rights eight groups
like Red Cross and Save the Children say
this crisis is affecting almost 2
million people and leaving most of them
in the dark Rahul rather Krishnan TRT
world
[Music]
you