[Music]
it's not enough is it you know 4 days
and then to go back to how it was you
know it's just Humane um to think that
anybody has got family over there who
are worrying about them every day not
knowing each morning whether or not
they're alive it's unacceptable um so
yeah that's why we're here we need to
put an end to it we know that the
British government um they're allowing
Israel arms to be produced in this
country so hopefully if they see how
people are standing against what Israel
are doing hopefully it'll push them to
shut These Arms factories down maybe and
we know that obviously Britain are
behind the creation of Israel to begin
with with the B for declaration so
because of this we we hope that um that
Britain will try and control what
they've created I know a lot of British
people think it's got nothing to do with
Britain but it obviously
has I
[Music]
really
the UK go poll um actually showed that
68% of the British public are in favor
for a ceasefire the current government
uh labor and conservatives do not
represent the views of the British
public they clearly are here demanding
on the streets for a ceasefire the polls
represent that I'm sure if there is
another poll there is going to be
increased um opinion amongst the PO
population for a permanent SE fire our
pause is not enough we're here today to
send a very strong message to our
government we need full support for a
permanent ceasefire in Gaza obviously
it's very welcome that there is a pause
even a temporary truce enables more
people to live and some Aid to come into
Gaza but this problem needs to be
resolved and resolved so that the
Palestinians finally have the political
settlement that countless un resolutions
have in shrin so we want an end to the
the Bloodshed but we want a full
political settlement so that Palestine
finally can be Sovereign and free and
its people can live in Freedom and
[Music]
[Applause]
dignity win I believe that we were win I
believe that we were win 1 2 3
[Applause]
[Music]
go from the r to the
will be free from The River To The Sea
will free from the river to the
Sea
[Music]
stoping fire now be fir now fire
now
[Music]
fire
from the river to the
[Applause]
Sea
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]