the Islamic Republic of Iran Navy
unlawfully seized the Marshall Islands
flagged oil tanker St
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
Nicholas
[Music]
[Music]
the Islamic Republic of Iran Navy
unlawfully seized the Marshall Islands
flagged oil tanker St Nicholas while the
vessel was transiting the international
waterways of the Gulf of on um as we
understand it this oil tanker was uh in
route to uh turkey uh when the IR uh
Islamic Republic of Iran Navy forces
boarded and seized control of the vessel
they subsequently forced the tanker to
change course toward Iranian territorial
Waters and the status of the crew is
unknown at this time um clearly uh this
activity is contrary to international
law uh it's another example of Iranian
Mal activity threatening security and
stability in the region and we call on
Iran to release the the tanker and the
crew
[Music]
immediately the Islamic Republic of Iran
Navy unlawfully seized the Marshall
Islands flagged oil oil tanker St
Nicholas while the vessel was transiting
the international waterways of the Gulf
of Oman um as we understand it this oil
tanker was uh in route to uh turkey uh
when the IR uh Islamic Republic of Iran
Navy forces boarded and seized control
of the vessel they subsequently forced
the tanker to change course toward
Iranian territorial Waters and the
status of the crew is unknown at this
time um clearly uh this activity is
contrary to international law uh it's
another example of Iranian malign
activity threatening security and
stability in the region and we call on
Iran to uh release the the tanker and
the crew immediately from breaking news
detailed analysis in-depth interviews
and explainers follow the times of India
subscribe to our YouTube channel don't
forget to like our videos and hit the
Bell icon to stay updated with the
latest