around 5 a.m local time on saturday
israeli counter-terrorism units arrested
two more of the six escaped palestinian
prisoners in a lorry park east of the
town of nazareth a tip-off from a local
resident reportedly led to the capture
of muhammad al-arday a member of
palestinian islamic jihad and zakaria
zubaidi the highest profile escapee a
former leader of fatah's armed wing the
al-aqsa mata's brigade zubaidi is
reported to have resisted arrest but was
unarmed and overwhelmed an image
released by israeli police showed him
with a bruised face
all six of the prisoners come from in or
near janine in the north of the occupied
west bank muhammad al-arda's mother
reacted to his arrest
i want the whole world all organizations
to stand by him because he's a hero he's
my son i want him out i wish for the
best for him to be released
late on friday two other escapees were
captured jakub khadri
said to be the mastermind of the escape
all four detained without a shot being
fired palestinian-armed factions had
warned of retaliatory attacks if any of
the men were harmed the arrests alone
triggered sizable protests across the
occupied west bank from gaza a rocket
was fired intercepted by israel's
anti-missile system
the extraordinary escape through a
shower room floor into void space under
one of israel's most secure prisons was
an enormous embarrassment for israel's
security machine and celebrated as a
victory by palestinians
israel's effort to reverse it has also
been huge four of the men were serving
life sentences for killing israelis
zubaidi's on trial for similar charges
the israeli government warned that they
may have been planning fresh attacks
with help from the outside
as it played out the men appeared very
much on their own and were captured
without the kind of bloodshed that many
feared might spark a broader round of
violence that said the hunt for the
remaining two men continues and
palestinians have been angered by a
broader crackdown against prisoners
since the escape on monday this remains
a tense situation harry fawcett
al-jazeera west jerusalem