in resentment in Israel with the
government truce with Hamas in Gaza
supporters of outgoing Defense Minister
I will go Lieberman says Prime Minister
Netanyahu must call snap elections as
other hardline members of his weakening
coalition demand more power for the
government to survive till elections
next year and muster fires more from
Aaron Anna in Israel tough times was
really Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
after the resignation of other door
Lieberman the Defense Minister quit
after the Israeli government reached a
truce with Hamas in Gaza to get a better
understanding of the political situation
in Israel and or joined by dr. Mordechai
Kedar tell us the calculus for Netanyahu
right now going into the elections can
we expect early elections well to begin
with if the relations between Lieberman
in Netanyahu are like the relations
between the cat and the mouse so I
believe that now there is Ignatian of
Lieberman Netanyahu is not sad too much
yet now he has to manage the coalition
with now 61 members of the parliament
which is not easy at all now every
crescent member can blackmail him
altogether like Neftali Bennett just
like Anthony Bennett now who found the
opportunity to jump into this position
of Minister of Defense are we moving
towards a normalization of Hamas of
course let them sit with us and say I
own a peace agreement which will leave
Israel where it is we are not going to
going away
we don't need mediators we don't need
the Egyptians we don't need anybody
dr. Mordechai thank you so much well
there you have it the Israelis some
Israelis are opposed to this decision by
Prime Minister Netanyahu to enter into a
truce agreement with Hamas but there is
a possibility according to people like
dr. Mordechai to talk to Hamas but
directly without any mediation from the
Egyptians or the countries
you
[Music]