[Music]
the militant outfit Hamas that has
carried out the deadliest attack in
Israel has always been at war with the
Jewish State Hamas was founded in 1987
by shikh Ahmed yasim a Palestinian
refugee living in Gaza the paralyzed man
who used a wheelchair spent years in
Israeli prisons and oversaw the
establishment of hamas's military Wing
which carried out its first suicide
attack in
1993 Israeli forces have targeted Hamas
leaders throughout the years killing
Yasin in
2004 Khaled mashal and exiled Hamas
member who survived an earlier Israeli
assassination attempt became the group's
leader soon after masal who survived an
Israeli assassination attempt in 1997
was head of the political Bureau until
2017 the group that runs the Gaza Strip
is presently headed by isma Haner who
now lives in Qatar Haner was the Prime
Minister since 200 6 till 2014 after
Hamas won elections Yaya Sinar is the
Hamas leader in Gaza now Sinar who is a
link between Hamas poit Bureau and its
deadly military Wing alasam Brigade has
been arrested by Israel on a number of
occasions spending a total of 24 years
in prison he was among the Palestinian
prisoners released in exchange for
hamas's spring of Israeli soldier gilad
shot in 2011 SAR is a voter of
reconciliation with Mahmud Abbas Leed
fat that runs the Palestinian Authority
Israel has said that its forces have
bombed sinar's house during its current
raids after the Hamas attack Mohammad Di
has been the head of Hamas military Wing
alasam Brigade since 2002 alasam Brigade
is behind the current attack on Israel
described as a shadowy figure Di has
survived multiple assassination attempts
by Israel the US state department has
designated him as a terrorist during the
2014 conflict between Israel and Hamas
di was the m mind of hamas's offensive
strategy in 2014 Israel confirmed that
it tried to assassinate di with a
targeted strike on a house in which his
wife and 7-month-old son were believed
to have been killed the many attempts
have reportedly left him in a wheelchair
after losing an arm and a leg while
other organizations have claimed he has
also lost an eye D is a hardliner among
the hardliners and has been opposed to
any idea of Hamas giving up violence
Bureau report NDTV