now US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin called his Chinese counterpart
on Saturday how often do you hear of
that happening and urged Beijing to use
its influence to push for calm in West
Asia after the Israel Hamas War the
state department has said has given this
statement blol spoke with foreign
affairs minister wangi before departing
from Riad the US Secretary of State
currently is on his West Asia crisis
trip where the Diplomat is attempting to
show up support for Israel among other
Arab Nations after Saudi Arabia blinkin
is scheduled to visit Egypt on Sunday
before returning to Washington and there
is speculation that blinkin may meet
with Saudi Crown Prince Mohammad bin
Salman as well China's involvement in
West Asia has reshaped the Region's
landscape the country's
non-interventionist approach in the Arab
Nations has resulted in growing ties
with Beijing as a means of
diversification hence China's increasing
involvement in West Asia is a
significant factor in shaping the
Region's geopolitical landscape and has
substantial implications for Global
politic politics now apart from China's
political success on the defense front
Chinese firms have successfully sold
armed drones and light aircraft to the
UAE this has allowed Abu Dhabi to bypass
concerns and roadblocks faced by faced
within the US Congress which has a
powerful say in export of such
equipment now as China strengthens its
economic ties in West Asia it will seek
to challenge the United States
predominance in the region but given
their Reliance on US military bases and
weapons Imports Arab states are unlikely
to fully ennu their security
relationship with the United States in
the short term Saturday's call with
wangi which lasted about an hour has
made was made possible in part by The
Diplomatic Outreach the Biden
Administration has done with Chinese
leader Shin Jinping over the last few
months said that
the now this also included a trip
blinkin took to Beijing in June that
reopen lines of communication with China
after months s dention nulear weap
diplomacy is the best path to achieve
that
goal President Biden
[Music]
is