tonight the growing fear for the more
than 200 hostages taken by Hamas and now
word this evening of a heartbreaking
call a grandmother and granddaughter
found dead on the border with Gaza three
other family members still missing
tonight our brick clenet who has been
following this family for days now on
the knock at their door what the family
learned and how amid their grief now
they cannot give up hope for the other
loved ones still missing
tonight we've been following the
harrowing story of the Dan family for
nearly two weeks
now five relatives feared taken away by
heras a grandmother her three
grandchildren and her son-in-law that
grandmother an American citizen this was
the last call from one of the
granddaughters just 12 years old calling
her mother as heras militants opened
fire on their grandmother's home where
she was
[Music]
staying
[Music]
and tonight the heartbreaking news that
12-year-old girl Noya and her
grandmother carela confirmed dead the
Israel Defense Forces saying their
bodies were found on the edge of Gaza
that grandmother's daughter telling me
today of the horrible knock at the door
I was on the floor and cried
and then they told
me my mom and and no are gone and I was
like I met noya's mother a week ago as
she prayed her 12-year-old who had
autism would come home you can't start
to imagine especially my girl of course
she's I'm so sorry
sorry tonight that mother now preparing
to bury her 12-year-old while her sister
waits for word on her own two children I
don't have even a time to to to to grave
to to to feel my pain I don't have time
I can't even stop for a minute and to
grave of them if this happened to my mom
and and my niece I don't know what's
going to happen to my children David L
noer the IDF says there are 30 children
among the hostages held in Gaza saying
that in negotiations the priorities
releasing the women sick and children
David all right brick clinet we so
appreciate you staying on the stories of
these families thank you
Brit hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching