for the Israelis this is being hailed as
one of the most successful operations of
the War uh the IDF spokesman Daniel
hagari says Israel had intelligence for
weeks that Hamas had uh leaders had
regrouped in the hospital and that it
was being used as a military base as a
headquarters that uh Hamas did not
believe Israel would come back to the
hospital uh and the Israeli Army put out
a kind of ruse that they were going to
go into Central Gaza and in the end they
launched a surprise raid on the hospital
they were able to arrest what they call
our 500 Hamas militants in Islamic Jihad
identified uh as members of those groups
hundreds of others uh arrested and let
go they also were able uh over the two
weeks to kill 200 Hamas Fighters and
their supporters in the hospital uh in
uh Fierce combat they say in the
maternity Wars and the emergency Wards
the Israeli Army insists that they moved
the patients and the medical staff to a
separate building in this uh
multi-building uh medical complex and
that nobody was hurt uh but this morning
after uh the Israeli troops withdrew the
World Health Organization is saying 21
patients died uh since Israel began that
two- week uh raid uh and eyewitnesses
who've come back to to the area uh are
just reporting uh swaths of Destruction
buildings uh residential buildings that
surround the hospital uh you know
demolished uh and they're seeing bodies
strewn in the courtyard and inside uh
the buildings uh so you know I think we
can't really say yet uh but maybe later
today we'll have a better idea of how
many civilians were killed in this
operation as well remember there were
thousands that were Sheltering in and
around this area who believed uh like
Hamas that Israel would not come back to
the hospital uh ham Israel also
releasing a video that it says shows
piles of weapons it found $3 million in
cash and they say some of these weapons
were hidden in floor panels ceiling
panels pillowcases inside uh medical
equipment um so it seems pretty clear
that Hamas was using this uh as a
military base uh and that Israel uh
feels it completed its Mission and now
has withdrawn all its troops