[Music]
uh with the current situation in Israel
which is very tense after the onslaught
of Palestinian terrorist groups we have
seen in the in the last 24 hours what is
the current situation in Israel and how
Israel is going to defend itself we are
joined by Israel ambass in Theon and Sir
with the with the latest scenario that
is unfolding Israel uh what is your goal
right now because we have seen a lot of
commentary coming from the Israeli
government that they're going to
retaliate uh how will we think that this
is the goal that Israel has set for
itself especially in in the wake of
number of hes that has been taken in by
those Palestinian terrorist groups after
this unprovoked attack on Israel dual
attack I should say with thousands of
rockets and by Hamas Terr organization
and the infiltration of hundreds of
terrorists into uh Jewish communities
and killing their many children women
and uh and elderly and kidnapping others
Israel regained control again of the of
the area of the communities and uh our
AIM now is to make sure that Hamas will
not have the capacity in the future to
reexecute the same attacks of this kind
of things we will make sure that their
leadership is not there that their
leadership is unable to do that and that
their they will get a big big blow that
will teach them a lesson that uh I hope
will prevent such attempts to attack
Israel in the future and in response
with the kind of attack that Israel has
seen we were very much moved by the
Indian support and and and uh starting
with prime minister modiji going to
ministers to senior businessmen to high
officials in the Civil Service to
ordinary people that we don't even know
the social media all showing great
support towards Israel it's really
moving I mean we know how to do the work
on the ground in order to eliminate the
terrorists but having a moral support
foring important country like India with
its importance in the world with its
friendliness towards Israel and most
important with its experience when it
comes to terrorism suffering for
terrorism and fighting terrorism I think
this will give us a very strong backwind
and support when we are going to deal
with Hamas and teaching them the lesson
of their lives thank you Mr thank you
for talking to S thank you C you see the
lines yeah I need to pass them and then
we'll
stop
for