Israel is facing an international chorus
of condemnation after its strike in
palestine's Gaza on Monday which killed
seven members of the food a charity
World Central Kitchen six of the aid
workers were foreign Nationals three
Brits an Australian a pole and a dual US
Canadian citizen one victim was
Palestinian but who exactly are world's
Central Kitchen it is a food a charity
founded in 2010 by celebrity chef Jose
Andres in response to the Haiti
earthquake of that year with the help of
volunteers across the world it has
provided cooked meals in war torn areas
such as Ukraine and disaster areas such
as turkey in the aftermath of last
year's earthquake wck has become one of
the main food and Aid suppliers in
besieged Gaza since October the 7th it
has provided 43 million meals in The
Enclave on April the 1st a series of
multiple prision strikes hit the wck
Convoy of three cars two armored and one
unarmored this occurred after the
charity had dropped off 100 tons of food
supplies in der balah in central Gaza
World Central Kitchen say their Convoy
was traveling in a deconflict Zone but
Israel attacked them even though they
had coordinated their movements with the
Israeli military what I know is that we
were targeted
deliberately nonstop until every
everybody was dead in this Convoy Jose
Andres is a Spanish American chef and
restaurant after October the 7th he
posted on social media his support of
Israel's right to defend itself
attacking Spanish politicians criticism
of Israeli war crimes and calling for
her to be sacked but after Israel's
attack on the wck Andress said that this
is not a war against terrorism it is a
war against humanity world leaders
including US president presid Joe Biden
have expressed their outrage and accused
Israel of not doing enough to protect
Aid workers and Palestinian civilians
will this attack finally Force Israel's
Western allies to reckon with Israel's
war crimes in
Gaza