[Applause]
Global fast food giant McDonald's has
found itself embroiled in a
controversy it faced a backlash after
its Israel franchise announced plans to
provide free meals to soldiers amid the
ongoing conflict with
Hamas this initiative was announced on
their Instagram account which read
McDonald's donated and continues to
donate tens of thousands of meals to IDF
units the police hospitals residents
around the strip and all rescue
forces we continue donating thousands of
meals daily to our forces across the
country in addition to a 50% discount to
soldiers and security forces who come to
our
branches this move stirred mixed
reactions on social media some criticize
their decision urging the the restaurant
chain to align with its principles and
refrain from supporting entities
involved in conflicts particularly those
resulting in civilian
casualties on the other hand some even
praised McDonald Israel for supporting
the Israeli Defense
Forces however this development also
triggered protests notably in
Lebanon McDonald's Lebanon though
clarified later that the actions of
other franchises in different countries
do not represent their views or
positions they express their commitment
to their nation and
people in response other McDonald's
franchises have expressed solidarity
with Gaza McDonald's Oman pledged a
hefty donation towards relief efforts
for the people of Gaza while McDonald's
UAE has contributed 1 million Dam to
Emirates red crescent for their th for
Gaza campaign similarly McDonald's in
Turkey pledged a humanitarian Aid
package of $1 million us for the war
affected population in Gaza with a
special focus on women children and
elderly while the situation remains
complex sparking debates around
corporate responsibility and involvement
in conflicts the times of India will
continue to bring you updates from this
story and everything around the humus
conflict with
Israel
[Music]
from breaking news detailed analysis
in-depth interviews and explainers
follow the times of India subscribe to
our YouTube channel don't forget to like
our videos and hit the Bell icon to stay
updated with the
latest