protest in Israel against the plant
judicial reforms have now entered the
11th week demonstrations once again
gathered or demonstrators once again
gathered in the city of Tel Aviv though
these protests seem to have no effect on
the government-led
by prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu but
citizens too have remained undeterred in
expressing their descent to the laws
like every Saturday this time two
Israelis flock the streets of Tel Aviv
as part of Nationwide demonstrations
against the judicial overhaul waving
national flags the demonstrators chanted
slogans and marched across the streets
Israeli forces could be seen pushing the
protesters away in an effort to disperse
them but protesters continued to
Showcase their disapproval
foreign
[Music]
winning an election is not is only part
of democracy it's not the whole
the whole deal
and you need to keep the rights of the
minority and you need to keep the law
and by
and refusing to acknowledge that there
is a law and even though you are elected
according to the democratic election
then you break something you break a
contract with the citizens and this is
why we protest
as a bill moves towards ratification
protest to a getting intensified
protesters here also try to block a
highway at the site this led to
scaffolds with the police
as they try to clear off the protesters
Israeli media reported that tens of
thousands of demonstrators turned out in
more than a hundred towns and cities
including Haifa Jerusalem and Beersheba
the economy of the country is also
taking a toll even some military
reservists have also threatened to
refuse service in protests the judicial
Bill seeks to curb the powers of Supreme
Court in appointing judges and allows
Parliament to override its decisions
Netanyahu says that these reforms are
needed to curb the overreaching powers
of Judges but opponents claim that these
laws threaten democracy of the country
and can open doors for corruption
Israel's president has already raised
alarm over the laws he had appealed to
the for the overhaul or to be postponed
and presented an alternative plan which
changes but it was swiftly rejected by
the Prime Minister as the reforms move
forward in the parliament protests two
are going strong or growing strong
[Music]
thank you