this morning Israeli troops pressing
deeper into North Gaza the Israeli
Defense Forces says its ground operation
is expanding reporting his troops have
completely encircled Gaza City and are
locked in face-to-face battles with
Hamas militants Israel intensifying air
assaults on Hamas targets across Gaza
demolishing densely populated areas
civilian survivors including children
rescued from the rubble the Biden
Administration calling for human Arian
pauses to allow more Aid inside Gaza we
do not support a ceasefire and that that
gives time for Hamas to regroup uh which
is uh something that again would put uh
Israeli citizens uh and others in danger
a senior Us official telling ABC News
the US is also flying unarmed mq9 Reaper
drones over Gaza to assist Israel with
locating more than 200 hostages Hamas is
holding captive Secretary of State an
blinkin set for more meetings with top
Israeli leaders today we will focus as
well on steps that need to be taken uh
to protect civilians who are in a
crossfire of of hamas's making at the
South Gaza Egypt border the White House
says 74 Americans and their families
were among hundreds of for Nationals to
enter Egypt through the Rafa border
crossing in recent days American Maha
albana an aid worker from New Jersey now
safe and well in Cairo speaking to our
Maggie rouy I have PTSD I've been
through a lot if I hear like a loud
noise I jump I had a panic attack it's
unbearable so you can't really Escape it
on Capitol Hill a house Republican
majority passed A4 billion Israel Aid
package paid for with money earmarked
for the IRS but it also leaves out
Ukraine defense funding that bill now
likely Dead on Arrival in the Democrat L
Senate and the president has has vowed a
veto hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching