clearly been no let up whatsoever
despite that United Nations security
Council resolution which called for an
immediate ceasefire I un Security
Council resolutions are meant to be
binding although the United States in
this particular case this said this one
is not binding Al though the other 14
signatories of the resolution said it is
uh but nevertheless regardless of
whether or not it is binding Israel is
ignoring it uh 66 people killed
apparently
uh across the Gaza Strip overnight and
as you pointed out uh Rafa in the South
came under attack one family of 11
killed and the fear is growing there
that uh Rafa could be next uh Israeli
Prime Minister Benyamin Netanyahu who
despite being under immense pressure
from the United States in particular
says that nothing is going to stop
Israel going into Rafa uh and destroying
hamas's brigades who are still fighting
there and uh at the start of the
conflict about 25% of hamas's strength
was apparently based in Rafa so you know
the Israelis say they have to do it
otherwise that the fight against Rafa
will never end that they won't be able
to control the Gaza Strip that Hamas
will constitute a constant uh threat to
Israel in interestingly though uh you
know a few days ago the after that
resolution Israel pulled out of sending
two senior Representatives Governor
representatives to is to Washington to
talk about Rafa and possible
alternatives to a ground assault with
the Americans that was cancelled
following the resolution but there is
talk again now about that being
resuscitated so it may be that there is
time yet and in any case you know the
Israelis themselves admit that nothing
is imminent it's going to take quite a
long time if the Israelis really are
going to launch a ground offensive
against Rafa to get the military needed
into place