[Music]
every picture you see here is of a loved
one behind bars
families and Gaza are calling for the
release of political prisoners
this mother says she's waited 15 years
to see her child
my son was taken when he was only twenty
years old when his father found out
about his sentence he had a stroke and
died immediately
I was left praying to God and calling
for someone to do something we heard
about exchanges of prisoners we want to
see them before we die we're waiting for
the precious moment when we see them
again
relatives at this rally have gathered
for Palestinian prisoners day and
they're making a number of demands
there are many violations we continue to
pursue our legal challenge of this
speaking on behalf of a prisoner rights
organization most prisoner requests are
entirely concerned with human needs we
want more water and food we want to make
it easier for people to visit their
families we demand medication for
patients
demands that are also being made inside
the walls of Israel's penitentiaries
more than 1,000 prisoners have launched
a mass hunger strike many say their last
resort and they won't break it until end
needs are met Israel's public security
minister said the strike is motivated by
internal Palestinian politics and
includes unreasonable demands Israel
currently holds an estimated
6300 Palestinian political prisoners
according to one Jerusalem based
prisoner rights group that figure does
not include 300 miners and 56 women who
are also in detention all have been held
without charge or trial this radio
station in Gaza is airing 65 hours of
programming in solidarity with those
prisoners
we broadcast 6 hours a day without
interruption on our radio output is
related to ASRs work this is a sensitive
and important issue that deals with all
Palestinians and they hope in the
process is to be a voice for those who
don't have one Oliver Whitfield message
TRC world
[Music]
you