welcome back and let's cut across to
some latest news coming in according to
Media reports Israel says it has refused
a visa to un humanitarian Affairs Chief
Martin Griffins as a result of the
comments at the United Nation by
Secretary General Antonio GES Israeli
media reports that Israel's ambassador
to un jard edin said on Army radio and I
quote due to his remarks we will refuse
uh issue we'll refuse to issue visas to
un Representatives we have already
refused to issue a Visa for under
Secretary General for humanitarian
Affairs Martin Griffiths this was said
on the radio that's why and that's how
we are reporting it the manner in which
certain comments have been made talking
about the you know crisis humanitarian
crisis uh in the Gaza Strip in West Bank
is clearly something that has not gone
down well with Israel abishek with us on
the broadcast abishek some more
perspective from you well isra side is a
bit too much outrage seems right now
because the Diplomatic effort that is
ongoing from United Nations from other
countries as well to bring down the
temperature so that it doesn't escalate
to a full-fed war in the region uh with
the latest uh you know incidents that
Israeli side is in a in a way they are
accepting that they are trying to teach
them and listen uh that would not go
down well for the diplomacy that is uh
being being approved by all the nations
around the world uh humanitarian crisis
in Palestine has become a reality right
now and effort by un to address uh that
concern and also to ensure that the
counter offensive of Israel doesn't uh
become a punishment for the people or or
or the civilian casualty doesn't go to a
level when when it uh you know becomes
too much that has been us concern and
Israeli side has been not very convinced
by by United Nations stand on the entire
issue uh and probably in that direction
Israeli government is taking a strong
action by not allowing un
representatives to visit Israel and take
stock of the situation firsthand all
right abish getting us all the details
on that very important story let's now
move on