Palestine will be free nearly 5,000
people in the streets of downtown
Toronto the largest Palestinian March in
the city since the conflict between
Israel and Hamas began Hamas run Gaza
Health Ministry said Sunday morning the
death toll amongst Palestinians has
passed 8,000 people while Israel claims
1,400 people were killed in the initial
October 7th
attack ceas now many are calling for a
ceasefire I think it's devastating when
we're talking about over 8,000
Palestinians killed these are people
they had lives they're children I think
it's barbaric to not call for a Seas
fire right now gabar a Jewish Man part
of a group advocating for Palestinian
rights says the support and momentum
being felt right now is both growing and
unprecedented we're a critical Tipping
Point I think this is what we're seeing
around the globe is is incredible
millions and millions of people are
finally waking up to the plot of the
Palestinian people deeply painful moment
in our history in the northern end of
the city a more solemn event the Jewish
community and supporters showing up to
Earl B's park for a vigil for the
hostages taken by Hamas in the October
7th attack Felicia gin says she had
friends who were taken one escaped but
another was captured and remains in
captivity this hits not just me but hits
every Jew um in in in Canada and around
the world because it is a it is is
almost in our DNA you know it is this um
generational trauma this woman says her
cousin was kidnapped and killed by Hamas
she says she wants the hostages to be
freed it is so uplifting to know that
the community is there for us and there
to help out and that everybody is
yelling bring bring them home bring them
home with different movements across the
city both say they will continue
advocating OCC to hey and on the
Palestinian side they say they will not
relent until a ceasefire is made and
Canada stops supporting Israel and will
continue to flood the streets we also
feel I think United as a people uh
against Canada's uh support of Israel uh
and I think our message is clear to the
Palestinian people that you're not alone
a terrorist thing mrr KH Global News