prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu and
National Unity party leader Benny Gans
have agreed to establish emergency War
government Israel's prime minister
Benjamin Nan said every Hamas member is
a dead man after the first meeting of
his country's emergency government the
announcement of the new cabinet comes in
the wake of savage attacks by Hamas
militants from the Gaza Strip the
emergency Unity government will have a
war cabinet that includes Israel prime
minister Benin
Netanyahu opposition leader and retired
General Benny Gans Israel's current
defense minister yuav Galant former
Chief of general staff of the Israel
Defense Forces gadii Asen cot and the
current minister of strategic Affairs
Ron
Derma two other top officials will also
serve alongside the five member War
cabinet as Observer members according to
officials the new Unity government will
not pass any legislation or decisions
that are not connected to the war as the
fighting continues former prime minister
y Leed another opposition leader will
have to the option to join this new war
cabinet as for the new war cabinet and
I'm quoting during the war period no
bills or government decisions will be
promoted that do not concern the conduct
of War all senior appointments will be
automatically extended during the war
period US President Joe Biden has spoken
to prime minister Netanyahu and
reportedly made it clear that Israel
must operate by the rules of War Biden
has said that he understands the anger
and frustration of the Israeli people
but urged Israel to adhere to the
principles of the Geneva
Convention Theon is now available in
your country download the app now get
all the news on the move