as the war in the Middle East rages on
Israel is stepping up attacks inside
Gaza the Hamas run Health Ministry says
more than 8,000 Palestinians have been
killed and the humanitarian crisis
continues as CBS 2's Tina Krauss reports
from Tel Aviv more Aid has finally
arrived Israel is expanding its battle
against Hamas with tanks on the ground
and more strikes from the sky the death
and destruction is widespread buildings
in the Gaza Strip obliterated into
nothing but Rubble hospitals are flooded
with Palestinian patients and forced to
treat the injured outside CBS News
producer maruan Al Gul is in Gaza and
says the situation is desperate while I
was driving in Gaza City North I saw
empty streets but a lot of destructions
everywhere additional Aid is now
arriving in the Palestinian territory
for the first time since the War Began
but workers say it is desperately short
of what's need needed complicating
matters thousands of people have stormed
un warehouses in a frantic search for
food and basic supplies Israel's
widening ground assault in Gaza has some
Israelis fearing the worst for more than
200 hostages still trapped in the hands
of Hamas in Tel Aviv demonstrators worry
the captives could be killed in the
crossfire I think it's the first
priority to bring them back even before
destroying Gaza and Hamas she's yafa
Adar whose 85-year-old grandmother was
kidnapped by Hamas is refusing to give
up if I will stop hoping then there's
nothing no reason to wake up in the
morning and I need to have this hope
hope for a bit of light after more than
three weeks of Darkness Tina Krauss CBS
News Tel Aviv stay with CBS 2 for the
latest on the war between Israel and
toas you can find updates anytime on CBS
neww york.com