growing fears of the Israel Hamas War
expanding across the region tonight
attacks escalating in the Red Sea the US
shooting down a drone and a ballistic
missile fired by Iranian backed
militants 18 vessels most of them cargo
ships in the area at the time here's
ABC's brick
clanet tonight yemeni State media
showing huge Pro Palestinian crowds
waving flags and placards in the capital
these Mass protests held weekly in Yemen
since Israel's bombardment of Gaza began
in response to the deadly October 7th
terrorist attack by Hamas claiming to be
in protest of Israel's war against Hamas
Iranian backed houi Rebels inside Yemen
on Thursday launching their 22nd strike
on vessels in the Red Sea a vital route
for global Shipping a US warship once
again shooting down a drone and
ballistic missile houthi leader Muhammad
Al Al houthi telling ABC News the ball
is in President Biden's
Court we seek to stop the aggression on
Gaza and the American president seeks to
expand the conflict if the American
president aims to expand the conflict it
is up to him alhi says tonight the White
House saying the United States is
prepared to lead the Global Response
encountering what they call the houthi
indiscriminate attacks with the US
military is leading an international
Force to create a safe passage for
shipping companies to use but some major
firms are diverting vessels away from
the Red Sea and these attacks by the
houthis are showing no sign of stopping
with brick clanet in Israel our thanks
to you
tonight hi everyone George
Stephanopoulos here thanks for checking
out the ABC News YouTube channel if
you'd like to get more videos show
highlights and watch live event coverage
click on the right over here to
subscribe to our Channel and don't
forget to download the ABC News app for
breaking news alerts thanks for
watching