free free Palestine Pro Palestinian
protesters marched in Winnipeg and
across the country expressing anger at
the Relentless Israeli air strikes in
Gaza and helplessness over what comes
next we're really outrageous and we're
very very afraid for what's to come
because who knows what Israel will
commit in the dark the rallies were held
after Israel's most intense bombardment
yet in the conflict we're fed up and we
know that we're complicit in this on
Friday the United Nations passed a
resolution calling for a ceasefire
Canada was one of 45 Nations that
abstained because the resolution did not
specifically condemn Hamas for its
attack on October 7th that Israel says
killed 1,400 of its
citizens these demonstrators call
Israel's bombardment and blockade
Collective punishment of 2 million
people half half of them under 18 I find
it just unacceptable that the Canadian
government does not request the
immediate ceasefire prime minister
Justin Trudeau supports a humanitarian
pause to help get Aid into Gaza but he
has stopped short of calling for a
ceasefire people are angry people are
hurt people are worried for their loved
ones that hurt is on display in Canada's
Jewish community in Downtown Montreal
people posted Flyers of some of the 200
Israelis taken captive by Hamas this
woman lost her cousin in the attack I
feel sorry for the children in Gaza but
when I hear in here in Montreal people
justifying the brutality how can you
justify it in Ottawa a vigil was also
organized for the hostages it's been
horrible for the community because
everybody either directly know somebody
who is murdered injured or taken hostage
or knows somebody who knows somebody an
attack and response that's left many
Canadians deeply shaken teria isri
Global News
Ottawa