what we think we know is this uh two
days ago there was a direct hit on an
APC an Israeli APC near shaja in the
Gaza Strip at the time Hamas said it had
captured an Israeli soldier and it gave
his name and dog tag number today Israel
has said in a guarded statement that it
has identified six of those seven
soldiers it cannot identify it cannot
find the remains of the seventh Soldier
it believes that Soldier to be killed
but it has his family at the moment he
is regarded as missing until they have
further evidence that of of his remains
and know that it's him this is
significant of course because it's one
of um hamas's openly declared military
aims is the Abduction of an Israeli
soldier or more than one in order to
trade them for Palestinian prisoners and
it's one of their demands in the
ceasefire deal is actually the return of
Palestinian prisoners so it's very
significant and it has a long history
between these two sides and and what has
been the reaction so far by the isra
public to this story
ears so far there is this this the
feeling that this Soldier is um is dead
and is not actually missing an abducted
Soldier alive in Hamas captivity if that
were the case I think there would be a
much stronger Israeli reaction at the
moment all eyes are on the ceasefire and
the possibility of ceasefire talks this
morning there were reports there would
be a 5-hour humanitarian ceasefire it
hasn't gone into effect we've heard from
Hamas today that they would be in favor
of a humanitarian ceasefire but not a
longer truce until their demands are met
so the Diplomatic eyes are turned
towards the Diplomatic Horizon while the
reality is that fighting's going on at
the front even as we're speaking