this video released by the Israeli
military on Monday appears to show them
pushing further into Gaza armored
bulldozers can be seen clearing the way
for tanks and Troop carriers to follow
infantry including snipers are seen
occupying
buildings meanwhile looking North across
the skyline of Gaza City plumes of smoke
Mark the continuing aerial bombardment
it's clear that Israel is increasing its
presence which first began with a raid
on Friday
I want to make clear Israel's position
regarding a
ceasefire just as the United States
would not agree to a ceasefire after the
bombing of Pearl Harbor or after the
terrorist attack of 911 Israel will not
agree to a sociation of hostilities with
Hamas after the horrific attacks of
October
7th at least one tank was spotted south
of Gaza City on
Monday Palestinian sources claim this
shows a car being hit by fire from an
Israeli tank the incident has been
geolocated to the salahadin road the
main north south axis that runs the
length of the Gaza Strip around 600,000
people live in Gaza City it's not clear
how many are still there but at the
shifa hospital thousands of civilians
are now seeking
shelter ala is the best and safest place
for us so we came here now the Israelis
say that they will hit alifah whether
they do this or not this is what is
normal for us now the threats do not
frighten
us it's the same at the AL kuds hospital
where on Sunday the Palestinian red
crescent Society said the Israelis had
warned it to evacuate the
building on Monday Palestinians shot
this video outside the hospital Hamas
released a video which it says shows
three Israeli hostages a translation
published in Israeli media claims one of
them pleads with Israel prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu to free them by
swapping Palestinian Prisoners the
circumstances in which the recording was
made are not
known but it will put further pressure
on Netanyahu who is being widely blamed
for the failures that led to hamas's
attack on October the 7th he responded
to the video calling it cruel
psychological propaganda later on Monday
the Israeli military did announce it had
rescued a female soldier from Gaza she
to had been kidnapped on October the 7th
she's reported to be well and reunited
with her family Simon McGregor wood trt
world