dozens of trucks carrying desperately
needed aid for Gaza remain stuck in the
Egyptian side of the Rafa Crossing some
of it is getting through but not nearly
enough to meet demand according to Aid
groups Egypt's patience too is wearing
thin Egypt organized a tour to the Rafa
border and CBC was the only Canadian
crew that took part as our Tom Perry
reports frustrations there are running
High we're at the Rafa gate just outside
Gaza we're on the Egyptian side here and
the Egyptian prime minister Mustafa
mbuli just spoke to a big crowd of
people here his supporters large police
presence and three or five busloads of
journalists brought in local people uh
International media all here to listen
to the prime minister's message now we
had a few messages today one was about
Aid there is down this roadway a long
line of Aid trucks waiting to get into
Gaza the message from the prime minister
is that that Aid has to get through
humanitarian groups say a trickle of Aid
has been getting in but really the
people of Gaza need so much more now the
Prime Minister and government officials
they blame the Israelis for not allowing
that Aid to go through they're saying
that the inspections that the Israelis
require uh really makes the process very
very slow so we did hear that from the
Prime Minister and from government
officials today the other message we
heard from the Prime Minister he stopped
earlier in the day at a military camp
and he gave a speech there we're in
North s right now North SI is where
Israel Egypt and the Gaza Strip all come
together and the message from the prime
minister is that Sinai is Egyptian he's
rejecting any idea any proposal any
thought that Israel would somehow force
people living in Gaza Palestinians
living in Gaza to move over to this side
to the Sinai for the Egyptians they say
that's just not on now the other thing
the other issue in play at this Crossing
Aid is supposed to get in here ex
Patriots including Canadians are
supposed to be able to get out that
hasn't happened yet and so we've got
Canadians and other nationalities trying
to get to safety they haven't been able
to do that and the question remains when
will that happen when will Canadians and
others civilians be able to get out of
Gaz it come home to safety Tom Perry CBC
News at the Rafa Crossing near Gaza