the booms in the pre-dawn sky near the
Iranian city of Isfahan signaled air
defenses had identified an incoming
attack but it all appeared to be over
quickly and in Iran's high value nuclear
sites nearby amateur video was posted
soon after showing that everything
appeared fine and secure this was that
messaging was repeated on state
television reporting that The Intruders
were shot down no damage done uh
triggered by the presence of uh three
small drones that were present in that
area other than that nothing has
happened Israel has not commented on the
attack but if that was Israel's
response it represented a tiny fraction
of the Firepower Iran Unleashed on
Israel less than a week earlier more
than 300 projectiles were almost all
shot down thanks to the combined efforts
of Israel the United States Britain and
other
countries in Jerusalem some said they
were disappointed by the Israeli move I
expected more to be quite honest I think
more would have been even Justified
considering they sent 300 oets to kill
so many people maybe the forat for now
has ended this former Israeli military
officer who was once in charge of
gathering Intelligence on Iran says the
incident has left Israel facing an
emboldened Iran and a tougher security
environment
Israel we find it very hard to cope with
the Iranian access alone and I think we
need our partners and in order to do so
Israel have to move in other directions
for example regarding the Palestinian
issue in a way that it will ease the
Gulf State especially Saudi Arabia uh to
have
nalization in all likelihood Israel's
Focus will now swing back to Gaza where
its offensive is killed more than 34,000
and displaced 1.6 million people many
there wonder if Israel quieted things
with Iran so as to open a new phase of
the war against Hamas in crowded
Rafa will Israel come from the ocean
from the east or the west or by Plains
no one knows anything said Abul Jabar Al
ARA we have an Indescribable fear what
are we waiting for the feeling tonight
is that both Iran and Israel have taken
significant steps back from escalation
but with both sides still locked in the
same struggle for dominance the fear is
the pause could be temporary Chris Brown
CBC News Jerusalem