Israel will continue to defend itself
against Hamas a genocidal Terror
organization Israel's commitment to
international law is
unwavering equally
[Music]
unwavering
[Music]
Israel's commitment to international law
is
unwavering equally unwavering is our
sacred commitment to continue to defend
our country and defend our people like
every country Israel has an inherent
right to defend itself
the vile attempt to deny Israel this
fundamental right is blatant
discrimination against the Jewish State
and it was justly rejected the charge of
genocide leveled against Israel is not
only false it's outrageous and decent
people everywhere should reject it on
the eve of the international Holocaust
Remembrance Day I again pledge as
Israel's prime minister never again
Israel will continue to defend itself
against Hamas a genocidal Terror
organization
on October 7th Hamas perpetrated the
most horrific atrocities against the
Jewish people since the Holocaust and it
vows to repeat these atrocities again
and again and again our war is against
Kamas terrorists not against Palestinian
civilians we will continue to facilitate
humanitarian assistance and to do our
utmost to keep civilians out of Harm's
Way even as Hamas uses civilians as
human Shields we will continue to do
what is necessary to defend def our
country and defend our people the court
notes that South Africa issued public
statements in various multilateral and
bilateral settings in which it expressed
its view that in light of the nature
scope and extent of Israel's military
operations in Gaza Israel's actions
amounted to violations of its
obligations under the genocide
convention for instance at the resumed
10th emergency special session of the
United Nations General Assembly on 12
December
2023 at which Israel was represented the
South African representative to the
United Nations stated that I quote the
events of the past 6 weeks in Gaza have
Illustrated that Israel is acting
contrary to its obligations in terms of
the genocide convention end of quote
South Africa recalled this statement in
its note foral of 21 December 20123 to
the Embassy of Israel in
ptor
[Music]
[Music]