[Music]
the clock in the top right corner of the
CCTV shows it's just before 5:45 a.m. on
Tuesday
Morning undercover Israeli soldiers men
and women have entered a hospital in
Janine in the occupied West Bank
disguised as doctors and patients with
weapons poised they calmly walk through
the hospital and towards their
target inside this room they executed
three Palestinians
one appears to have been in a hospital
bed there is a bullet hole in the pillow
blood is on the walls and
floor these are the three men who were
killed Israel says they were hiding in
the hospital and planning an imminent
October the 7th style terror attack the
IDF released this photo of a gun that
they say one of the men had on
him however according to his mother one
of the men basil haawi was reply
disabled and needed Around the Clock
care in
hospital they were sleeping they sleep
during the mornings thank God this is
the fourth month I've been in the
hospital with the injured boy and God
chose them to be martyred may God be
pleased with them may God be pleased
with
them the Israeli soldiers were
reportedly in and out in just 10 minutes
the method of this operation going into
Hospital disguised has raised questions
about Israel's tactics supposing you go
into a room there are three people one
of them's got some Implement where if he
presses a button something horrible goes
on well yes maybe you could justify an
immediate killing of that person if a
policeman goes to arrest a personal
three people and there is no evidence of
them fighting back resisting or using
Force against
you would he be justified in killing
them no
the three men were buried in Janine
today 58 Palestinians have now been
killed in the West Bank this year an
average of almost two a day Israel's war
against Hamas isn't confined to just
Gaza Alis bunal Sky News in Jerusalem