meanwhile the G7 foreign ministers
meeting has kicked off in Tokyo the the
Israel Hamas war is expected to dominate
The Talks between the leaders this as
your secretary of state Anthony blinkin
tries to forge a consensus among the
world's most advanced economies over the
ongoing war between Israel and Hamas the
Japanese foreign minister hosted a
working dinner on Tuesday to kick off
the summit the foreign minister of us
Japan France UK Italy
Germany and Canada are attending the
two-day meeting with this US Secretary
of State Anthony blinkin has started his
Asia trip after his latest West Asia
tour triggered by the Israel Hamas War
lincol held bilateral meetings with the
Japanese foreign minister as well as
prime minister foro kishida kishida
expressed his utmost support for us
diplomatic efforts in the Israel Hamas
War while linkoln said that it was
important for the Group of Seven to show
Unity over the crisis and prevent
existing differences on Gaza from
deepening take a
listen very much appreciate
the words of support and sympathy in the
wake of the horrific attack by Hamas uh
that did result in know um American
victims as well as American
hostages um this is a very important
moment as well for G7 to come together
uh in the face of this crisis and to
speak as we do with one one clear voice
I look forward as as you do uh to our
discussions and again my thanks and
appreciation to you personally and to
Japan for bringing this together apart
from the ongoing war in West Asia the
Russia Ukraine war fears of North Korea
reading a new nuclear test and also
concerns about China's increasing global
assertiveness were also some topics that
will be on the agenda during the talks
in
[Music]
Tokyo