tonight as Israeli air strikes rain down
on South and Central Gaza prime minister
Netanyahu is vowing the war will go on
for many more months telling the nation
the IDF needs more time to Route Hamas
and rebuffing calls to resign after the
war as Israel pushes deeper into Gaza
the Hamas run Palestinian Health
Ministry says another 150 people were
killed in a single day hundreds of
others badly wounded but a rare piece of
good news for the the spiraling
humanitarian crisis Israel says it's
ready to let European nations deliver
Aid to Gaza by
sea tonight a team of six American
surgeons has arrived in Gaza to help and
told NBC News what they're seeing the
sanitation uh is unbelievable people
living in the hallway sleeping in the
hallway cooking um just uh a a recipe
for disaster for
infection on this New Year's Eve there
is no celebration in Israel for the
families of more than 100 hostages I
want to get my life back I haven't slept
for 86 days and survivors of hamas's
October 7th terror attack are still
steeped in trauma Noah mael bendavid
survived the Nova Music Festival where
364 people were slaughtered the remnants
of that day have been put on display in
Tel Aviv Noom is seeing it for the first
time I was behind window Noom and her
boyfriend David hid with 14 others in a
dumpster she was shot in the hip but
survived this is my boyfriend and he was
killed he's murdered not killed he's
murdered he saved my life we're
listening to Israel's national anthem
play right now that's the perfect sound
that one in the background how strong we
are they're going to be with us dance
with us we're going to
remember every single one of those
and Josh is with us now from Tel Aviv
Josh Israel made an announcement about
the reserve soldiers who were called up
for the war
right that's right Kate Israel says some
of the 300,000 reservists called up
after October 7th will be going home for
now the IDF says that will let them rest
up for more fighting in the coming year
Kate thanks for watching stay updated
about breaking news and top stories on
the NBC News app or follow us on social
media