without mercy and without remorse
Israeli jits continue to bombard Gaza
reducing already damaged buildings to
dust and making sure the massacre of
Palestinians
continues deaths and injuries continue
to rise as a result of raids and
artillery
bombardments two hospitals a girl school
and dozens of homes among the
targets after 100 days of war the
sufferings continue the bombardments
continue the killings continue and the
attacks continue the Palestinian people
have endured 100 miserable days of
displacement hunger and pain sufferings
are increasing difficulties are
increasing homelessness keeps going up
our people are still living in tense
despite the cold and heavy rain our
people are experiencing great
hardships it's difficult to verify how
bad things really are in Gaza as Israel
continues to block all
Telecommunications
palestine's telecoms company palel says
internet and phone connections have been
out now for more than 48 hours it's not
just Communications though the UN says
Israel is deliberately impeding the
delivery of Aid that has been allowed
inside Gaza there are checkpoints that
we can simply not go through uh and
because of of the current situations the
Israeli have systematically or quas
systematically refus I think that uh
yesterday we had three missions that
were partially approved meaning that
they have selectively allowed us to do
some uh part of what we were planning to
do um but but the previous days we had
three operation approved out of 21
requested but Israel's leadership
remains as unmoved and as unrelenting as
ever that's despite the case brought to
the international court of justice by
South Africa accusing them of
genocide we will restore security to the
South and the North
no one will stop us not the heg not the
axis of Evil and no one else that's why
no relief appears likely on the horizon
for the citizens of Gaza as Israel
continues to Pummel the territory Shu
Hass trt world