every Saturday in Tel Aviv for the past
month when the families of Israeli
hostages gather the pain pulls out
please I've been holding up for a month
people say I'm like a lioness that I'm
strong but I'm not strong stop it I've
got no strength left please I've been
waiting for a month I've had no news of
her where is she has she got anything to
eat or drink is she under or above the
ground please bring her home today I
need to see her
today for these families time has stood
still since the 7th of October only a
handful of the more than 240 hostages
have been released on this symbolic
shabat table an empty place setting for
every missing Soul among them inbar hman
whose partner Noam is living in torment
even when she will return you cannot
really know what will be her mental
condition they might uh return with her
body but but not with her soul and and I
I really hope that not only that she
will return but she will be be strong
enough to continue in our life you know
because I'm just imagining what she's uh
passing through what she's uh how she's
like managed to
survive it's difficult to overstate the
impact of the 7th of October on Israel
the atrocities of that day have left a
deep sky on this nation which will take
years to heal and will forever leave a
scar on Israeli Society how to deal with
the sheer Terror and now prolonged Agony
of the hostage crisis a help center for
the hostages loved ones is open 7 days a
week in Tel Aviv this forum is like it's
their house some of them come here on a
daily basis it's as if they can't pull
themselves away some of them don't come
ever and we're just you know
communicating with them over the phone
and those kind of things most of them
are not receptive right now for a deep
emotional therapy right now what they
need is to connect themselves to their
abilities and faced with Nationwide pain
post-traumatic stress Specialists are
organizing urgent training for some,
16600 Israeli
psychologists