us top Diplomat Anthony blinkin is on a
multicountry West Asia tour in hopes of
making efforts to end the Israel Gaza
conflict this comes as Israel unleashes
the most powerful bombing campaign in
the 75 year history of its conflict with
Gaza after a solidarity visit to Tel
Aviv blinkin on a six Nation Tour of
Arab countries again defended Israel's
rights to dis respond but also hardened
his Stone on protecting innocent
Palestinians speaking of alongside
qatar's prime minister blinkin said that
there can be no more business as usual
with Palestinian militant group
Hamas there can be no more business as
usual with
Hamas murdering
babies burning families to death taking
little children as
hostages these are unconscionable acts
of
brutality every country in our judgment
needs to condemn these actions needs to
hold them
accountable blink father praised Qatar
which has long-standing relations with
Hamas for showing urgency in efforts to
persuade the militants to fee an
estimated 150 hostages blinkin arrived
in Manama after stops in Tel Aviv and
Qatar he met with the Prime Minister and
Crown Prince Salman bin hammad Al
Khalifa linkoln expanded his trip from
Israel and Jordan to include all of the
G Arab countries Egypt making it his
largest tour of the region since taking
office in January 2021 a day before
blinkin met with Palestinian Authority
president Mahmud Abbas in Jordan along
with Jordan's King Abdullah the
Jordanian King a longtime us partner
called for humanitarian corridors to
bring relief into Gaza and de deescalate
the situation blin promised to work with
the Palestinian Authority and praised
abass for efforts to maintain calm in
the West Bank over the past week
Lincoln's tour comes the United States
seeks to build pressure on Hamas while
some us officials work with Israel to
establish safe areas where civilians
could relocate and be safe from Israel
Security
operation thank you Mr secretary you
thank
you weon is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the
move