for more than 6 weeks Israel has felt
almost caught in
time trapped in the aftermath of
October's
attacks finally some hope of a change in
this war a ceasefire that could bring
home some of its
[Music]
abducted children like Sahar and Aras
Calderon a 12-year-old boy from a kotz
and his 16-year-old
sister
their mother hadash says she's caught
between hope and anxiety over their fate
it's very sensitive and delicate and
fragile this agreement it's not in one
day it's like slowly
slowly something can
happen
something something wrong can happen and
then it will blow
up I know that without this family this
children and father without them
I lost my
life in Israel security headquarters
nearby they're finalizing plans to let
out hundreds of Palestinian women and
children in return for 50 from Israel in
a rolling release stretching over days
that may only add to the family's
torment the hostage families now face
days and nights of waiting anxiously to
hear if their relatives will be chosen
for release knowing at each stage the
Ceasar could be broken and the deal
could come unstuck tonight Israeli Prime
Minister Ben Benjamin Netanyahu
addressed the nation to reassure
Israelis this deal won't let Hamas off
the hook the war continues and we are
going to continue with this war until we
achieve all of our goals to bring back
all of our hostages to obliterate Hamas
but former prime minister ehod says the
deal could help Hamas they can move
their forces they can move their
headquarters into another place without
us possibly knowing it but this is the
only available deal and there was no way
that they couldn't take it into the town
right now we're going under Israel's
released more footage of what it claims
are tunnels under alifa hospital it will
pursue Hamas it says above and below the
ground see the wiring to that
AC but not until the ceasefire is over
and they're able to bring as many of
their people home Dominic WN Sky News
Tel Aviv