the deployment from the north to south
has been increased by the Israel Defense
Forces be the threat from the Hamas or
the threat from the hisbah terrorist and
now the intensified operations are on
from the down south to the north to
decimate the infrastructure beat of the
Hezbollah group or of the Hamas
infrastructure and as we speak you will
see a major deployment of the marawa
tanks that has been done on the ground
these are the tanks that can decimate
the Enemy Within no times and also the
bmps that have been deployed here on the
Ground Zero by the Israel Defense Forces
this clearly clearly shows that how the
Israel side is ready to give enemy a
beffiting reply the and the Israel
Defense Forces be it the Air Force the
ground force or those from the top that
is the air and the naval Force they are
giving a beffiting reply to the enemy
and as we report from the ground zero
you will see a huge deployment of the
mava tanks the bmps the apcs the armed
personal carriers that have been
deployed from the center to the South
Side as we report heading from the
center to South and there a massive
deployment has has been done by the
security forces this comes at a time
when the operations have been
intensified to such a level that the any
attempt of the enemy can be filed well
within the time important to mention
that more than 130 terrorist of Hamas
have been killed in the past 24 hours
and many of the terror infrastructure
has been decimated by these ra Defense
Forces in multiple air strikes the
Apache Attack Helicopters have been
inducted over a dozen Apache helicopters
are carrying out air strikes inside the
territory of Hamas and now the major
Crackdown is to now zero in the city of
Hamas the city that is the Gaza City so
that any attempt of the enemy can be
foiled well within the time with VI Sur
raat giman Singh from Israel Gaza
border