[Music]
you
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
down
[Music]
we prefer not to go into the details but
what can be said today is that there
have been dialogues for a month and we
exchanged suggestions and responses here
and there under the opes of qar and
Egypt thank you for that and we have
appreciated them from the early days but
we believe that we are in decisive
moments in this matter and we all hope
God willing that this truth will be this
temporary truth under which it is the
sensation of agression for days and the
entry of relief for our people and the
intensification of this
relief according to the truth civilians
will be exchanged from women and
children from the occupation prisons but
to go into the details of this in my
opinion is not useful the most important
thing is to achieve it because the
occupation has been waiting it for month
and every time we get closer to a deal
they pack off so we believe that what is
on the table today will open the way to
reach a truce if the occupation wants
but if the occupation doesn't and
continues to kill greedy for blood I
think they will make it more complicated
and put many obstacles in the
way
[Laughter]
[Music]
com
[Music]
[Music]
outside there is a lot of nonsense talk
as if after we cease fire for the
release of hostages we will stop the war
so I would like to clarify we are at War
and we will continue to fight continue
to fight until we reach all our
goals in war there are stages and also
in the returning of hostages there are
stages but we will not let go until we
reach the absolute Victory and until we
bring them all
back tonight we Face a difficult
decision but it is the right decision
all the security factors fully supported
they clarified in their full
professional assessment
that our security of our forces will be
guaranteed during the days of ceasefire
and that the intelligence effort will be
maintained