at to focus at this hour Hezbollah Chief
Hassan nasrala has warned Israel against
Waging War on Lebanon now the warning
comes a day after hamas's Deputy leader
in beirut's southern suburb the attack
is blamed on Israel the head of
lebanon's Hezbollah said they cannot be
silent after the killing of hamas's
Deputy leader he further warned that his
heavily armed forces would fight without
any restrictions if Israel ch go to
extend the war from Gaza to
Lebanon if the enemy thinks of waging a
war on Lebanon we will fight without
restrain without rules Without Limits
and without restrictions they know what
I
mean both the Iran bat Lebanese terror
group and Hamas have accused Israel of
killing sale Al ururi in be's mashara
feir
a stronghold of the militant Hezbollah
Group which is an ally of Hamas now
nasrala describing the attack as a major
and dangerous crime the Hezbollah Chief
has reiterated the warning that the
attack will not go unanswered and
unpunished manufa yesterday's crime is a
major and dangerous crime and it cannot
be tolerated there isn't much to be said
about this matter as we said in buah
statement yesterday this is a dangerous
crime it will not go unanswered and
unpunished Nali Al aruri who was the
deputy head of hamas's poit Bureau and a
founder of its military Wing the Kasam
brigades now aruri is the most
high-profile figure to be killed and his
death came in the first strike on the
Lebanese Capital since the hostilities
began the strike also marks the first
killing of a Hamas official outside
Palestinian territories although Israeli
Army spokesperson Daniel hagari who did
not directly commend on aruri Skilling
where he said that military is highly
prepared for any scenario in its
aftermath while on the other hand the
United States has said it was not
informed in advance about the strike
that killed the number two leader of
Hamas
can I follow up on that Matt when did
you when were you informed about the
strike in Beirut uh I'm not going to get
into um uh uh that specific detail but
we were not informed in
[Music]
advance