enough is enough you have to stop this
Carnage against the Palestinian people
in the Gaza Strip their intentions is
evacuate or hospitals will be hit and
they are responsible for that crime and
they cannot fabricate stories let
humanitarian assistance take place do
not displace 2 million
[Music]
Palestinians
he is capable of telling Israel enough
is enough you have to stop this Carnage
against the Palestinian people in the
Gaza Strip let this stop let
humanitarian assistance take place do
not displace 2 million Palestinians and
push them in the direction of Jordan and
then let's begin a political Horizon as
our brother from Egypt has indicated we
need a political process that will end
the occupation as quickly as possible
and to implement the global consensus on
the two-state solution our state will be
on the 4th of June
of 1967 borders with East Jerusalem as
its capital if we start as quickly as
possible moving in the direction of that
option where there is global consensus
around it then it means that those who
are stubborn who think that they can
solve the problem by eliminating the
Palestinian people to wake up and to see
that the only possible option is to end
the occupation and to allow for for the
two-state solution to take place the
Israeli Prime Minister today said and I
quote the intelligence from multiple
sources said that it's the Islamic Jihad
is responsible for the failed rocket
launch your your response he is a liar
his uh spokesperson and digital
spokesperson tweeted that Israel did the
hit thinking that there is
around this Hospital a base for Hamas
and then he deleted that tweet we have a
copy of that tweet and talal can share
with you that Tweet now they change the
story to try to blame the Palestinians
it is a lie and they the Israeli
spokesperson of the army about a week
ago made a statement in which he said
Evacuate the hospitals the hospitals are
Target and in fact they hit One hospital
a week ago so they their intentions is
evacuate or hospitals will be hit and
they are responsible for that crime and
they cannot fabricate stories to deal
with
it