now people around the world are of
course gearing off for New Year cities
are lit up to ring in the festivities
and yet there are many who are still
protesting as this war continues in the
Gaza Strip now the K of the victims of
the Hamas attack at no off at the
Supernova Festival visited the memorial
s in southern Israel an installation of
photographs of those who have been
killed or kidnapped was set up at the
side an estimated 364 were reportedly
killed at the music festival in the 7th
of October and about 1200 Israelis
remember died in southern
Israel today I come from uh see the old
the child when he died and uh my son
died
here I
put a new
picture and the name of my
child other parts of the world protest
of course have continued dozens in Paris
took out a rally demanding for the
release of all
hostages at this moment there are about
129 captives in the custody of heras and
treasure continues to Mound on the
Netanyahu government to try and do more
to secure their
release and thousands of course gathered
in the yemeni capital of sa in
solidarity with the Palestinians who
been subjected to a Relentless campaign
of air bombings the many were seen
waving
placards and they also chanted slogans
that this violence against the
Palestinian people should
end we send a message to the Zionist
enemy that we stand with our brothers in
Gaza and we will stand with them with
our soul and with our blood until the
very last drop of our blood because they
are our brothers the Injustice inflicted
upon them by the enemy will not
last meanwhile armed Palestinians
commemorated those who were killed in
the recent attack in the West Bank the
Alexa Mar Brigade which is the military
wing of f rallied for the Palestinians
who were recently killed by Israeli
forces at the bolata refugee camp in
nablas
Von is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move