israel's domestic spying scandal has
widened a new report has divulged the
illicit use of the powerful spyware
pegasus by israeli police to hack the
phones of dozens of prominent figures
following the report the israeli
government has announced plans to set up
a national inquiry the controversial
malware can turn a phone into a pocket
spying device
allegations had surfaced last year over
the misuse of pegasus by foreign clients
the bennett government was then prompted
to order export reviews the latest
bombshell has alleged that pegasus was
used against former premier benjamin
netanyahu's son and his advisers as well
as against activists senior government
officials businessmen and other leaders
[Music]
[Music]
as per reports pegasus a cell phone
hacking tool made by israel's nso group
was used to fish for intelligence even
before any investigation had been opened
against the targets and without judicial
warrants
those targets included a son of and two
eighths to netanyahu who is on trial on
corruption charges as well as a
co-defendant and several witnesses and
separately two former officials
suspected in leaks to terror in leaks to
journalists
after the report emerged the prime
minister nathalie bennett vowed that his
government will not leave this without a
response
democratic
our correspondent jody cohen has sent us
this report from herzley in israel take
a look
i'm outside nso headquarters and prime
minister bennett has said that while
nso's pegasus spyware is an important
tool in the fight against terror and
serious crime the claims that it has
been used to spy on israeli citizens and
public figures is unacceptable in a
democratic state israel's relatively new
police chief kobe shabtai as well as
numerous politicians and journalists
have called for an independent probe and
public security minister ahmed balev has
announced he is moving to establish a
commission to investigate the claims
have also undermined confidence in the
investigation into the cases against
former pier netanyahu and the
implications of this remain to be seen
this is jody cohen for we on world as
one
we are now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move