in the next in the six days following
the collapse of the brief Israel Hamas
truce Israel has launched its fiercest
attack so far expanding its operations
from the north to the south of Gaza let
us take a look at the areas that have
been struck by Israel in these past six
days first is KH Yunis or Han yunes the
main city in southern Gaza since the
offensive resumed this city has
witnessed intense bombardment Israeli
Army is enuing the city scores have been
killed in the strikes on the cramped and
densely populated neighborhood these are
the visuals on the of the destruction
and distraught residents attempting to
flee that
area
another city that has been severely
bombed is jabalia in Northern Gaza
Israel says its forces have surrounded
its refugee camp which is the largest in
Gaza the camp has been frequently
attacked by Israel since the fighting
began the Israeli Army claimed that in
the last 24 hours they have Unearthed
weapons and terrorist infrastructure in
that area some of it in civilian
buildings including a school Israeli
troops are also operating in another
neighborhood in Northern Gaza
it's called
shuaa it lies in the east of Gaza City
Israel calls the area a strong Hamas
stronghold in its operations several
Palestinians have been caught in the
line of fire these visuals are of the
destroyed homes and Devastation in the
neighborhood moving on to Central Gaza
in the city of De a Bala as by the Gaza
Health Ministry 45 people were killed in
Israeli strikes on Tuesday people were
seen searching through the rumble for
survivors in the
aftermath Israeli strikes have also hit
Rafa city in South residents say they
thought parts of Rafa were a safe area
as designated by Israeli forces but they
still came under attack causing a number
of deaths and
[Music]
injuries
weon is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the
move