we begin with the latest updates from
the Israel Hamas War uncertainty looms
over a new ceasefire Now new ceasefire
deal in the ongoing Israel Hamas War
Hamas Chief Isel Han's visit to Egypt
and mad Chief's engagement with other
officials for the talks was seen as a
positive sign however both sides have
again indicated that a new agreement
right now might be off the table Hamas
has reportedly rejected an Israeli
proposal for a week-long truths as it
has insisted for is to implement a
ceasefire before negotiations Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has
meanwhile vowed to continue with the war
and eliminate
Hamas
US President Joe Biden also said that
the country is pushing for a new deal
however it is not expected soon
meanwhile a United Nations security
Council vote on Gaza has been delayed
again for the third day straight and
this as Biden says a US support for the
resolution is still unresolved us
diplomats are working out to agree on
the language of the draft resolution
calling for a halt in fighting and major
increase in Aid deliveries to Gaza
Israel on the other hand has expanded
its fight in Gaza Israeli military says
the troops are now also fighting in the
zufar and zaraj neighborhood of in the
in the Gaza City in the neighborhood of
the Gaza city and Israel has released
footage of a vast tunnel Network they
uncovered in Gaza that it says were used
by Hamas leaders IDF says that these
tunnels are uncovered from the
properties registered to Yahya SBA and
other senior Hamas organizers of the
October 7th
attacks
Israeli Onslaught continues in southern
Gaza at least 12 people died in Israeli
strikes in Rafa in last 24 hours while
dozens were
wounded
[Music]
meanwhile Yemen Hui Rebels have
threatened the United States to attack
its warships operating in the region and
this in response to the US announcement
of the establishment of a new
International Coalition to protect
commercial vessels sailing through the
Red Sea boy leader on Wednesday warn
that his forces will Target American
battleships with drones and missiles if
Yemen is
[Music]
targeted