to the Middle East where this weekend
Israeli Defense Forces launched a deadly
series of air strikes on the city of
Rafa in southern Gaza and violence also
flared in the Israeli occupied West Bank
cbs's Deborah p is in Jerusalem with
more on the impact of children and a
warning some of the images are
disturbing good evening every 10 minutes
a child is killed in Gaza according to
the United Nations that's nearly
15,000 children in almost 7 months
rushed into this world far too early and
already an orphan this doctor Works
efficiently to help the baby girl
breathe her lungs not yet fully
developed her mother Sabrina Al sakani
was 6 months pregnant when she was
killed in an Israeli air strike in Rua
last night but miraculously doctors
managed to save the pre- infant nobody
else survived the hit on two houses
among the dead 13 children the youngest
just 2 years
old here Israeli Defense Force soldiers
prepare for a different Mission but this
is not in Gaza it's Ida footage in the
West Bank City of tarim where they say
they conducted a counterterrorism
operation killing 14 militants in close
combat residents are now cleaning up
after the operation what the Israeli
military does is it uses bulldozers to
dig up the roads you can see they've
been completely destroyed making sure
that residents cannot move freely in the
area bulldozers also smashed through
anything that stood in their way homes
and shops were damaged pipes and power
lines severed cutting off water and
electricity the Israeli military is in
the Global Spotlight right now A Us
official told CBS news that since
2022 it's been investigating an ADF unit
of ultra Orthodox soldiers stationed in
the West Bank accused of Human Rights
atrocities with an announcement expected
this week media reports suggesting the
unit could be blacklisted from receiving
US military aid prompted an angry
Outburst from prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu who said sanctions against an
IDF unit would be a moral low Jerica at
a time when his country was fighting in
Gaza Deborah Pata in Jerusalem we thank
you for your reporting