in this class of 25 students most are
aged between 14 and 16 many come from a
migrant background a few from the Middle
East in today's lesson the teacher is
addressing the Israel Gaza
conflict Bastian Deon is Jewish but he
insists on discussing the conflict with
his
students when I mentioned the conflict a
student immediately shouted free pales
I then explained that it was legitimate
to commit oneself to the Palestinian
civilian population that he could do so
as a student but in a peaceful Manner
and above all without applauding a
terrorist organization in this case
Hamas bestan has been trained to talk
about such topics with disadvantaged
peoples but other teachers are more
hesitant to do
so some colleagues are worried that
their class is turning against them
there are cases of escalation which
sometimes are not resolved by talking
but lead to psychological or physical
violence the Ministry of Education has
stepped up its support for teachers who
organize workshops and training like
this one led by Gabrielle Drea for the
past 5 years he's accompanied teachers
to Israel to train them in teaching
seminars on the Holocaust and
anti-Semitism when faced with such
complicated topics students often yearn
for a clear distinction between right
and wrong when you've been on and seen
how difficult and complex the situation
is in Israel you can explain it to them
more easily and show them that it's not
that
simple this approach has helped students
get more
clarity I used to think that Muslim
calls to prayer were forbidden in Israel
you shouldn't believe everything you see
on the internet because there's a lot of
fake
news I thought there was a feminine
conflict between the two sides but now
I've seen that there are also people who
live together peacefully
the priority for many teachers in
Austria is not to leave children alone
with their questions regarding the
Israel Gaza conflict