in the end of the day those people that
came from the black line came from
Africa do all the way to Israel they
beat it only from one reason nobody hung
them they are not refugees they can
still find future in them land and we
will never give up on our land you know
in the end of the day if we will allow
them to continue come here live here get
married bring kids you know they don't
have even culture and they do this when
they destroy the street
our governments say enough is enough and
happy that I had the opportunity to
leave this move to call time after dying
to our Prime Minister that it's about
time kick them out with the money plane
refugees try to come please read it put
a big wall in the border of Egypt which
starts now they can buy planes we can
start this - now they are getting
married
they bring kids we will stop this - so
in the end of the day when you look on
the suffered at the cities of that live
in Tel Aviv region that live there and
day by day suffering from crime refugees
crime to take you walk by five minutes
in south Tel Aviv to see what's going on
the rain but Africa therapy instead of
takes Tel Aviv to Africa instead of take
our technology our way of help of care
or fund everything you know in the way
that we live
instead of learn from us and put this
back home and try to build the moon life
they want to take our life
[Music]
[Music]
in costume of Human Rights try to take
your country don't listen to them they
cannot teach you what is human right if
you will not be the problem right now
you will suffer in the future if you
will not pick them out right now they
will kick you out in the future if you
will not wake up you will wake up you
need to destroy the problem when it's
still small