you think that the governments have
given up on these hostages no I
definitely hope they didn't give
up on the hostages it's not one or two
you know it's I don't know they don't
tell the exact number but it's between
150 to 200
people including as you saw babies and
the 8 years old grandmas you came all
the way from United States of America to
look for your cousin shanu no I live in
t AV you live in Tel AV
yeah so because she was the first one
because that was the first video which
we saw she being huddled inside the
vehicle by those Hamas terrorist so what
made you believe that she is alive
because that time everybody said that
she
was we got an information that she's in
Gaza and she's alive and I cannot
read so you want first the treatment
should be provided to her
yes and you want all the governments to
help yes I want the biggest worry right
now you are having because as you asked
the question also that there can be a
ground assault maybe the bombardment is
going on that's a worry for you that's
what again I don't understand because
you said that uh there is a bombardment
going on ground assault preparation is
also being made is that concerning you
somewhere about the safety of the
hostages I don't know even have how to
start answering the question we are
terrified
by
thinking what is being done to these
people were kidnapped okay I don't even
want to start thinking because I will
not be able to sleep at night if you
watch videos which I personally don't
watch you would understand more and I
think I'll finish
here so we had right now been talking to
the cousin of Shan luk she was the first
one who was abducted from that re party
and she was huddled in a vehicle and
after that the video went viral but she
and her family members believe that
she's very much alive she wants all the
governments to help them out to find out
hostage they want the government should
not give upon the hostage it's not about
one person two person it's about so many
people who had been in the captiv tree
of haras for so
long meanwhile the