thean dismissed as quote children
playing with toys but new images
released Sunday proport to show that
damage was caused when Israel allegedly
struck deep inside Iran satellite video
showing that a central part of an s300
air defense system was hit at an air
base near Isfahan the system is there to
protect Iran's natan's nuclear site we
have been very very clear from here uh
from the beginning that we do not want
to see uh this conflict uh escalate we
continue to consult with our allies and
partners including uh including in the
region obviously and to reduce further
risk of escalation since Friday's
supposed attack by the Israel Air Force
details have begun emerging little by
little about the strike the New York
Times reported on Saturday that
according to its sources Israel used at
least one missile in the attack launched
from a fight to Jet far from Iranian
airspace you saw Israel on the receiving
end of an unpreceded ented attack um but
our Focus has been on of course making
sure that Israel can effectively defend
itself but also deescalate tensions uh
avoiding uh conflict on Sunday the Wall
Street Journal published that the scale
of Tran's direct attack on Israel when
it launched over 300 uavs and cre crws
and ballistic missiles matched us spy
agency's worst case
scenarios Mr press to Iran in this this
moment don't the daily quoted us
officials are saying that it threatened
not only a close us Ally but President
Biden's hopes of preventing a six-month
Middle East crisis from widening into an
allout Regional
War officials have estimated that Iran
is unlikely to retaliate for Friday's
attack but Iran has threatened to use
massive Force if Israel launched another
strike