during the
past 140 days alone more than
100,000 human beings have been
slaughtered or injured or buried under
Rubble in
[Music]
Gaza
[Music]
excellencies ladies and gentlemen this
rep public of Iran remains steast and
adhering to and respecting human rights
and dignity based on its National
cultural values and Islamic
teaching is the systematic and
widespread human slaughtering by the
world's only apptide regime that is the
occupying warmongering regime of
[Music]
Israel one must admit that the world is
facing the most reprehensible moral and
humanitarian
crisis which is the result of 80 years
of unconditional support for for and
condoning the colonial occupation and
the continuous
violation of the Palestinian people's
right during the
past 140 days
alone more than
100,000 human beings have been
slaughtered or injured or buried under
Rubble in
Gaza and those who happen to be alive
live there are facing an imminent death
from
estoration and infectious diseases today
the world is witnessing the maximum
support for the Israeli atrocities by
the United States of America and Canada
and the UK and some of its other allies
that make them complicit to the ongoing
crime of
genocide
[Music]
today the world is witnessing the
maximum support for the Israeli
atrocities by the United States of
America and Canada and the UK and some
of its other allies that make them
complicit to the ongoing crime of
genocide thank you for your
from breaking news detailed analysis
in-depth interviews and explainers
follow the times of India subscribe to
our YouTube channel don't forget to like
our videos and hit the Bell icon to stay
updated with the
latest