we're now outside a street which is
parallel to the shifa hospital and it
goes the tunnel system that we saw
underneath the shifa hospital gets until
this house it's a regular apartment in
this
apartment you have
gear and Equipment we're entering the
room we enter ing the
room okay you can see the board it's
like a it's like a classroom inside a
house you have the Warriors here our
Warriors here are working on the on the
tunnel shelf and then you can see the
tunnel shelf it was covered with the
floor we had to remove the floor and
understand this tunnel shelf now we
going down inside the tunnel shop we are
approximately between
the karian building is above us and this
is the way to the street so this area
goes directly outside of the hospital
approximately to one of the areas
outside maybe a mask maybe an apartment
and it's blocked it's blocked and sealed
they knew that we were going to come
here more than a month ago and they
sealed it and now we're going to see the
infrastructure of the
tunnel this tunnel is a is a complex
tunnel it's not a it's not the ones that
we know it's more convenient for a long
living like you have
toilets and you have
rooms rooms that were built in order to
contain people but this room is an
operational room that had communication
with electricity provided from the
sources of the hospital meaning the
hospital is providing electricity
they're using the hospital
infrastructures in order to provide this
Terror mechanism to stay alive and
survive all this electricity compound of
all this electricity gear of course
comes out from the hospital the hospital
provides in that sense electricity to
this Terror mechanism of the
tunnel where the warrior is standing
here it goes directly to the street
meaning it again goes out from the
hospital to the north side of the
hospital where we found another tunnel
this blast doors allows them to prevent
uh blasts by our Air Force meaning it
can maintain the preservation of parts
of the tunnel to be protected and also
it's uh it's part of fighting outside
the compound of chifa hospital just walk
50 mes from the
hospital and this is the entrance from
outside the
street I want you to look closely it's
the same mechanism of staircase going
down and this
is this is the
Ruth that enters into the shifa hospital