nen Abu AB faced dire conditions when
she recently gave birth amid Israel's
Onslaught on Gaza displaced from the
North she now resides in a tent in RAF
her newborn son Ahmed just a few hours
old will spend the beginning of his life
in harrowing
conditions despite the joy of welcoming
this baby I never envisioned it
happening under these difficult
circumstances we were ill prepared luing
clothing milk and basic necessities I'm
uncertain how we will cope with the
harsh conditions in the tent even basic
amenities like bathrooms are unavailable
and the overall health conditions are
far from ideal Mustafa had to flee with
two children while carrying her unborn
child making the journey multiple times
before reaching the hospital on a donkey
cart now after her surgery she faces the
prospect of returning to a tent provided
she survives the
complications our residential area was
targeted by bombings we were compelled
to seek refuge in schools constantly
moving from one school to another Living
In Perpetual fear until we eventually
reached Rafa during our displacement we
received the heartbreaking news of my
brother's death and we were left unaware
of the whereabouts his name was Mustafa
and I named my son after him the UN
reports that in Gaza 50,000 pregnant
women remain at risk of inadequate care
in case of complications due to limited
Hospital access
Israel's military actions in Gaza have
led to a 300% increase in miscarriages
severely impacting the health and
well-being of Palestinian women as a
man in the past we used to handle two to
four cases of miscarriage or premature
birth daily nowadays we are faced with
25 to 30 cases daily particularly
premature birth occurring before the
36th week Mark of pregnancy these
newborns are delivered and transferred
to neonatal units but tragically over
85% of them do not survive due to the
prevailing
conditions The Enclave is witnessing a
surge in pre-term births abortions and a
troubling increase in neonatal deaths
and sepsis
cases in Gaza every life is threatened
by the Relentless tall of this conflict
the Grim realities of bombardment
disease and starvation mean that here
even unborn children and the young are
sentenced to death Nar swi trt World ra
s
[Music]
Gaza