Israel is still bombing Gaza the fear
among residents now is that even if they
survive the attacks they'll die of
hunger it's not just about planes that
are dropping bombs it's not just about
homes that are destroyed and people that
are displaced but all aspects of Life
are impacted in the Gaza Strip and I
felt it I mean there's a shortage of
food everybody's hearing now about the
20 children who have died from
starvation and dehydration but also
there's people are actually hungry there
you see them they're wondering where
their next meal will come from since
Israel's assault began in October more
than 85% of gaza's population has been
pushed into internal displacement the
besieged strip is no bigger than
Manhattan and a crippling blockade is
preventing the delivery of food water
medicine and other vital
supplies with International pressure on
Israel to stop the war failing some
countries are airdropping Aid
the issue of Aid is brutal and no one
accepts it there are isolated areas and
most of the aid falls into the sea and
no one gets anything there's also no
Transportation as the roads are damaged
we want better methods with this
controversial method proving inefficient
the US has announced that it will
construct a temporary Pier to get more
humanitarian Aid in a US vessel carrying
the first equipment needed to establish
the pier is on its way to the besieged
Enclave building it may take several
weeks the UN says a quarter of gaza's
2.3 million people are facing starvation
a Spanish NGO has organized an aid ship
to deliver nearly 200 tons of food to
Gaza from Greek administered Cyprus it
will test a maritime Corridor also
restricted by Israel a helping hand as
International frustration over the
deteriorating humanitarian crisis is
grows but it is too little too
late as Aid agencies question the
effectiveness of these airdrops with the
death toll Rising Beyond
31,000 Rahul ra chrishan tr2
world