the start of a journey to save civilian
lives near the Belgian town of ostend
this plane charted by the European Union
is being loaded up with boxes bearing
Food and Health supplies like syringes
and medicine all bound for the people of
Gaza the EU says it wants to send them a
message we are not forgetting you we
will be there to help you we will be
there to help you you can count on the
European Union European Union has has
been assisting providing humanitarian
assistance to Palestinian people since
the year 2000 and will sh shall continue
to do so as long as
necessary this EU backed delivery is the
eighth of its kind in the last few weeks
sent to local humanitarian staff on the
ground from here in Belgium that plane
will then fly several hours toward Egypt
the Egyptian red crescent will then come
to collect all those key supplies that
are on
board but how soon will this Aid make it
to ordinary gazin humanitarian access to
the besieged territory is still severely
limited and Aid workers say that has to
change nothing is good if it sits in a
warehouse in an emergency response it
needs to go immediately to the affected
population this is why our Collective
call is unhindered and continuous access
to the population within Gaza to ensure
they can get what they need at the time
that they needed colleagues are there on
the ground what are they telling you
about their
experience it's terrifying the reality
is is we've got volunteers from the
Palestinian red crescent Society each
morning who are working in the ambulance
shifts and telling each other goodbye
because they don't know if they're going
to be able to come back the EU has more
than tripled its humanitarian Aid
funding for Palestinians and says there
is no evidence this support is being
used by terror group Hamas more
humanitarian airbridge flights are
planned but with the situation for
civilians in Gaza described as dire it's
a Race Against Time to reach people
waiting on the other side