always fully and positively engaged with
the various initiatives of the
international community that have aimed
at achieving peaceful solution between
us and the Israelis including the Arab
Peace Initiative which was recognized by
the Security Council in its resolution
1515 of 2003 we continued on this path
with the administration of a president
Trump from the start of his tenure with
the same positive engagement and and we
welcomed his launching of the initiative
of peace and I have met with him
numerous times we awaited his peace
initiative with utmost patience but we
were shocked by his decisions and
actions that completely contradict the
role and commitment of his
administration towards the peace process
so in November 2017 his administration
issued a decision to close the PLO
office in Washington DC he then
announced his recognition of Jerusalem
as the capital of Israel and thus
transferred his country's embassy from
Tel Aviv to Jerusalem and he even boasts
that he has removed the issues of
Jerusalem refugees settlements and
security of the negotiation table all
such decisions threaten the Palestinian
national cause and constitute an assault
on international law and relevant UN
resolutions the US administration went
even further in its assault by cutting
assistance to the Palestinian National
Authority the Anwar and Palestinian
hospitals in occupied East Jerusalem
then they are speaking now about
humanitarian aid even the Amana terian
aid have been cut off with all of these
decisions this administration has
reneged on all previous u.s. commitments
and even undermined the two-state
solution and revealed its false claims
and of concern about the humanitarian
conditions of the Palestinian people
it's really ironic that the American
administration still talks about what
they call the deal of the century but
what is left for this administration to
give it to the Palestinian people only
humanitarian solutions because when they
remove off from the negotiation table
Jerusalem refugees and security so what
is left what is left as a political
solution
[Music]