schools are also facing a growing threat
of cyber attacks a university in Western
newfinland is the latest in a long list
of organizations and services impacted
in recent months ctv's Garrett Barry
explains back to school is looking a
little bit different at Memorial
University's Grenville campus obviously
not having Wi-Fi is not great but they
are actually finding some joy in this
and and going to the library and taking
out more books than usual the school has
been hit by what officials will only a
cyber secur incident so not only are
classes delayed until Monday but some
email Services parts of Campus internet
and even some payment machines have been
shut off officials flipping those
switches to try to contain the damage
even speaking from my my own perspective
it's challenging to not have the IT
services uh that we uh take for granted
and rely upon minute to minute
practically on every day dealing with
the Fallout and joining other public
institutions like the Toronto and London
public libraries and the university
sherbrook in Quebec that have been hit
with attacks and because these
universities have such a large amount of
users that that are either students or
part of Faculty um the Cyber criminals
just need to send an email to one of
these folks have them click on link that
they're not supposed to and get infected
Terry Cutler sells cyber Security
Solutions he says he finds in his work
some groups think they're too small to
get targeted in fact the Canadian Center
for cyber security expects hackers to
increase their attacks on small and
medium-sized groups to make a bit of
profit and stay out of the headlines
let's say an audit would cost ex example
$110,000 didn't get hit with a
ransomware and now their bill is going
to be $300,000 and up so they could have
they could have saved almost 10 times
their amount on initial preventative
measures in cornerbrook morial
University says it's in the early steps
of figuring out what exactly happened
and until that investigation is complete
uh there's there's limited uh
information that we can we can share or
indeed little limited information that
we know the school hasn't said whether
any student or employee data was
breached but committed to reach out
directly to anyone who may be affected G
Barry CTV News St John's