a total of six uh American citizens who
have died not from the terrorist attacks
in October 7th but uh uh in the month
month plus
[Music]
since
[Music]
he
[Music]
around 800 uh American citizens legal
permanent residents and family members
have departed through Rafa gate um there
are a little over 1,00 left which is a
higher number than we had when
uh when we announced it last week one of
the things that happens is we continue
to identify either additional American
citizens or American citizens or or
permanent residents who have additional
family members that they're reporting to
us that we then uh uh try to get on the
list to get out of of Gaza with respect
to American citizens who have died the
number who died as a result of the
attacks of October 7th is the same as it
has been um there is one additional
casualty um uh in post October 7th
incidents um that I can report out today
there there are a total of six uh
American citizens who have died not from
the terrorist attacks in October 7th but
uh uh in the month month plus since five
who are members of the IDF uh and one
who is a national uh police uh border
officer did they die in Israel or in
Gaza um of those uh of the IDF I believe
four of them died in Gaza one died in
Northern Israel and any reports of
Palestinian Americans have you been a
there have been you've heard me speak to
last week there has been a report of a
Palestinian American who died we have
not been able to confirm that report
going back several days now um as you
know Communications networks were down
in Gaza last week are only getting back
online now after fuel was delivered so
we're seeking to verify that information
but haven't verified it as of
[Music]
yet
[Music]