an Israeli drone strike killed a senior
Hamas leader in Beirut Tuesday night
Salah alori was a member of hamas's
political Bureau and a co-founder of its
military Wing his killing marks the
first assassination of a Hamas official
outside Palestinian territories since
the group's deadly assault on Israeli
territory on October 7th and could
signal the conflict between Hamas in
Israel is
expanding in response to questions from
MERS the Israeli military said it does
not respond to reports in foreign media
lebanon's national news agency said the
Drone struck a Hamas office two security
sources said it had targeted a meeting
and left several people dead including
Palestinians and
[Music]
Lebanese protests broke out in the West
Bank following the attack lebanon's
caretaker prime minister najim maati
called to strike a new Israeli crime and
said it was an attempt to pull Lebanon
into war his office said he asked
lebanon's foreign minister to file a
complaint to the United Nations security
Council a spokesperson for the UN
Secretary General called the strike
extremely worrying because of the
escalating tensions and the fragility of
the situation in the region we are
calling to for maximum restraint from
all parties we don't want
any any R any rash actions that could
trigger further
violence hasah has been exchanging near
daily fire with Israel across lebanon's
Southern frontier since hamas's attack
in October Israeli air strikes and Shing
have killed more than 100 Hezbollah
Fighters and nearly two dozen civilians
since then in a written statement
Hezbollah said the attack will not go
without a response or punishment it
announced an attack on Israeli forces
cross the border but did not specify
whether it was in response to Rory's
killing in Gaza Palestinian Health
official say the death toll has
surpassed
[Music]
22,000