hi I'm Alex Bellos and welcome to my
Monday puzzle today
hiu hiu it's a Sudoku like puzzle in the
sense that you have a grid of numbers
and you need to fill it in with other
numbers the r rules are as follows
you've got to start at the number one
the lowest number which is circled and
go to the highest number which is also
circled in such a way that all
consecutive numbers touch each other in
other words one has got to be next to
two which has got to be next to three
which has got to be next to four and so
on think of it as the path of something
from one to 19 and in fact that was the
inspiration behind hiu it was invented
by a scuba diving Israeli computer
scientist gor Benedict fascinated by
scuba diving and watching all the fish
Dart around him after one dive he came
out and he saw a Sudoku puzzle and
thought aha maybe I could invent a
puzzle where from the given numbers you
have to reconstruct the path of a fish
darting around and hiu was born I'll get
you started so we start with one two two
is next to one three is next to two so
where does three go three could be
either here here or here if three is
here well then four needs to be in one
of these four but wherever it is it
can't be next to five so that doesn't
work three is here well four needs to be
here which is again not next to five so
that doesn't work so three needs to be
here four then needs to be here 5 6 7 8
has to be here N9 and so on and just
like Sudoku every hiu has a unique
solution now gor benedic when he first
came up with hiu he made them in square
grids what's really exciting about this
is that recently he started to do them
in hexagonal grids which he calls
beehive hiu and for the first time we
have them here published in a UK
newspaper if you click on the link the
blog post has four of them in increasing
difficulty can you solve them I'll be
back later to explain how to do
[Music]
it make sure you never miss another
puzzle subscribe to the YouTube channel
by clicking the link
below today it's the three switches
puzzle so we have our house a big house
and in the downstairs there are three
switches