protesters outside the knesset fearful
of what a new government led by Benjamin
Netanyahu will look like
a lone right-wing protester turns up
prompting an angry standoff as Israel is
on the verge of getting the most
nationalist and religiously Orthodox
Administration it's ever had hey I want
to see a better government than a better
future for Israel I'm very worried about
the future for my grandchildren it's
going to make a lot of trouble and also
internally fortunately this government
wanted to promote a legislation which
will demolish the Israeli democracy
Netanyahu is forming a coalition with
right-wing leaders who until now have
been on the fringes of Israeli politics
like itema bengavir convicted of
supporting a terrorist organization and
inciting racism and betzel smotrich
whose religious Zionist party has called
for expanding illegal settlements in the
occupied West bank and even the
annexation of land there so I think yes
you will have a lot of problems because
to fulfill the expectation of of the
players that will be in the government
it will be extremely difficult with
negotiations dragging on Netanyahu has
been granted a 10-day extension to form
a government at the end of the deadliest
year for Palestinians in the occupied
West Bank since 2006 there are real
fears of how this Coalition might
further inflame the conflict and many in
the opposition are already asking if
it's been this difficult to form a
government how hard will it be to govern
Netanyahu must now balance the demands
of his own right-wing liquid party with
those of his even more Hardline Partners
we are facing a very very very uh
dangerous government I I cannot
underestimate it for a second other hand
I'm not sure that it will not end you
know with a whimper Israel has had five
elections in less than four years and
this government is showing signs of
vulnerability before it's even begun Rob
McBride Al Jazeera West Jerusalem