gaza's lone power plant has shut down as
it ran out of fuel following a complete
blockade order from Israel and tensions
are intensifying in the region am made
claims that Israel is illegally using
white phosphorus in the armed conflict e
has
more Gaza is currently without
electricity as its only power plant has
now shut down after running out of fuel
the shutdown comes just 2 days after
Israel ordered a complete blockade of AA
closing off access to electricity food
Fuel and water in response to hamas's
surprise attack on Israel last weekend
according to the head of the Gaza Power
Authority people are using generators
for electricity but even the fuel needed
for generators is running out hospitals
have also been affected and are set to
run out of fuel by Thursday the blockade
order also means the water supply has
been cut off resulting in a severe
shortage of drinking water for some 600
11 10,000 people according to a New York
Times report citing Anonymous officials
from lebanon's military Israel has been
using white phosphorous bombs in its
offensive against Gaza a claim that
Israel denies white phosphorus bombs are
internationally prohibited under the
1980 Geneva Convention when civilian
areas are targeted meanwhile Egyptian
president abdal fat Ali said Wednesday
that Cairo is pushing for talks to
contain the situation between Israel and
Hamas the Egyptian leader also called
for a 6-hour ceasefire to deliver Aid to
besieged Regions meanwhile the US Navy's
most advanced aircraft carrier and its
strike group arrived in the Eastern
Mediterranean Sea on Tuesday in what
Washington says is a move to deter any
actor seeking to escalate the situation
or widen this war following the
deployment of the USS Gerald R Ford
carrier strike group the US is
considering sending another aircraft
carrier to the region with us defense
officials hinting at the deployment of
the USS Dwight D Eisenhower to
Mediterranean Waters near Israel isong
news