Egypt is building shelters on its side
of the Gaza border which could
accommodate Palestinians in case a
planned Israeli offensiv on Rafa forces
gazin across the border four sources
told Reuters they described it as a
contingency plan by Cairo the Sinai
Foundation a Human Rights group released
this video it says shows the
construction Reuters was able to locate
part of the video as Rafa by matching
buildings trees and fences to satellite
imagery but it couldn't confirm the
location of the whole video or when it
was filmed construction of the camp
began 3 or 4 days ago One Source said
the head of Egypt State information
service said the accounts had no basis
in truth Egypt has repeatedly raised the
alarm over the mass displacement of
Palestinians into Sinai echoing warnings
from Jordan and other Arab states a US
state department spokesperson said the
United States did not support the forced
displacement of Palestinians from Gaza
and quote is not funding camps in Egypt
for displaced
Palestinians Israel says its Army is
drawing up a plan to evacuate civilians
from Rafa to other parts of the Gaza
Strip but unaa Chief Martin Griffith
said on Thursday it was an illusion to
think people in Gaza could evacuate to a
safe place and said the United Nations
would not be part of a forced evacuation
the the sort of the Egyptian nightmare
if you like in the sense um is one that
is right before our eyes with Ramadan
looming Egypt has framed its opposition
as part of wider Arab rejection of any
repeat of the NABA or catastrophe when
some 700,000 Palestinians were displaced
in the 1948 War Israel says Rafa is the
last Bastion of Hamas which killed 1,200
people and abducted another 250 in its
October 7th attack according to Israeli
talles more than 28,000 people have been
killed in Israel's offensive in Gaza
according to health authorities the Gaza
War has strained relations between Egypt
into Israel which signed a peace deal in
1979