this is the third time we came to we
come to the borders we came here before
um twice each time we waited from 9:00
to 5: for the borders to open under
horrible circumstances with no ceas fire
whatsoever um with bombings around us
and then we would go home so I'm hoping
today this does not happen every time we
came the Jordanian authorities would
call us and tell us to come to the
borders um last night they called it
around 2: a.m. um and they said to come
to the borders because they open it at
around 9: um but then we lost complete
connection um and reception so I really
don't know if they'll open it or
not I think everyone's goo is barely
alive like we're not okay um nothing
that's happening is okay um we've been
literally living a genocide that's been
streaming life in front of everyone and
nothing has changed for 25 days today is
the 26th and I can't
imagine what what does the world need to
see more of this genocide to demand a
cease fire or stop everything that's
happening for the past days we've been
trying to secure food water um Fuel and
everything and nothing is available like
every time literally every day my
brother would leave our house at like
4:00 a.m. in the morning to um secure
some
bread I think it's it's as simple as a
ceasefire complete ceire with opening
the borders and um let's say getting
Gaza out of this flade that's been for
years to get let everyone who wants to
leave and needs to leave goza to go out
of especially the injuries that we have
um I don't even know the number of
injuries that we're getting I stopped
counting at 12,000 plus injuries um so
I'm just hoping for the borders to open
as his fire and to stop this genocide
that's
happening