also with us here on the broadcast RSN
Singh sir the barbarity sir that is
being witnessed it is not war or a
battle this is sheer Massacre sir how
babies are being slaughtered sir and
this is something which is Unthinkable
has never been heard before such kind of
scale of barbarity that is now being
witnessed how does an oppressor S now
become a
victim from
Somalia to
Isis to
Pakistan in Afghanistan and now there in
know Gaza we have seen the you know the
we have SE the same
cruelity and in fact this specialization
in cruelity of this Nature has been
there for last 14400
years so if I may tell you
that this entire attack so-called attack
or assault I mean this uh I was you know
trying to ponder as to what would be you
know didn't the Hamas there you know
cater for this kind of you know
retaliation but probably you know there
there are people who is against
specialized in you know suicide missions
they have carried out more than 100
suicide missions so far maybe even more
and well there are they are on a
suicidal path but the entire operation
is based on
Terror they they had you know announced
in no uncertain word words that uh they
would behead people they would behead
women they would behead children and
that is what they're doing to create
shock and Terrors now the question here
is that I don't know some people I mean
uh again you know if I may say so that
India right sir you know one minute one
minute you know
that there are people you know who are
still you know batting for the Hamas
well I can only say that what I have
well High time to call them out sir and
ask them to condemn the actions that
have been taken up by Hamas and that to
publicly know ifs and buts or excuses
included because this may become one of
the most tragic losses of Civilian lives
in Israel's history as it continues to
Grapple with the emerging enormity of
the massacres that have been taking
place since the last six days ARS so
pranesh thank you very much for joining
us here on the broadcast quick break
back after a