moving on now israel's top court on
sunday rejected petitions against the
construction of a cable car project in
east jerusalem saying that proper plan
has been followed and the project needs
no intervention opponents of the plan
have repeatedly argued that such a
project would alter the ancient
landscape and can also damage the
palestinian settlements in the region
our next report is all the details take
a look
israeli and palestinian opponents have a
plan to run a cable car over jerusalem
lost their supreme court battle on
sunday
a unanimous ruling from a three-judge
panel showed the court had decided
against intervening to reverse the
israeli government's 2019 approval of
the project which critics say will
fundamentally alter the city's ancient
landscape
the court said proper planning
procedures had been followed the
proposed cable car would shuttle some 3
000 tourists and worshippers per hour
from the western part of jerusalem to an
area near the dung entrance to the
eastern old city
palestinians say the project will erase
heritage in areas they seek for a future
state they also complain cable cars will
be running just above their homes
israeli cultural and environmental
groups and palestinians in the east
jerusalem neighborhood silwan were among
petitioners against the project
tweeting after the decision haggard
ofran of israel's peace now group said
what's left now is the public struggle
to stop this insane project
the israeli government says the cable
car would be a boon for tourism to sites
in the old city that are holy to jews
muslims and christians and would
alleviate heavy traffic to the area
beyond is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move