moving on now israel is on the edge
after two palestinian women were killed
on sunday the latest developments come
as tensions between israelis and
palestinians escalate in the holy month
of ramadan here's a report
palestinians on sunday carried the body
of a woman shot by israeli forces the
palestinian health ministry said the
woman in her 40s was pronounced dead at
this bethlehem hospital in the occupied
west bank the israeli military said the
woman had run toward soldiers at a
checkpoint and did not heed calls or
warning shots to stop the military said
no weapon had been found on her and that
the incident was being investigated
officials said soldiers also killed a
second palestinian woman that same day
after she stabbed a soldier
in the israeli city of kefar sabah on
sunday mourners buried 27-year-old eitan
magini killed last week by a palestinian
gunman
israeli forces have been on high alert
following attacks that have killed 14
people in israel since late march
more than 20 palestinians many of them
armed militants have been killed by
israeli forces since january while
palestinians have reported a rise in
violence by israeli settlers in the west
bank
in public remarks to his cabinet on
sunday israeli prime minister naftali
bennett said security forces were
aggressively battling what he described
as a new wave of terrorism
we will go wherever necessary at any
time to cut off these acts of terror the
state of israel has gone on the
offensive
israel's defense forces on sunday
released footage of nighttime raids in
the west bank showing them searching
houses and taking blindfolded men into
custody the palestinian health ministry
said an israeli raid on the west bank
city of janine left 13 wounded and one
dead
palestinian islamic jihad claimed the
man killed as a member of the militant
group the raid targeted the home of a
palestinian gunman who killed magini and
two others in a bar on a crowded tel
aviv street before being shot dead by
security forces last week
beyond is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move