[Music]
israeli residents in tel aviv were
shocked by the latest attack which
happened in the xango street one of the
busiest in the city
around 9 30 pm on thursday an asylum
from the occupy west bank shot our
israelis sitting in a popular bar
killing three and wounding more than ten
after a nine hour manhunt an exchange of
gunfire the asylum was shot dead by
israeli forces
he was identified as
twenty-eight-year-old palestinian riot
hasn't from the occupy west bank town of
janine
during the night hundreds of policemen
were patrolling the streets of tel aviv
to find the attacker we went from home
to another and all the roads around 5 20
in the morning here at this site police
spotted the terrorist when he saw the
police he opened fire on them then they
neutralized him
this was the latest in a string of
deadly attacks in israel which began
with a stubbing attack at a shopping
center in bershawa on march 22nd that
was followed by two other attacks in
hadra city and the benebrax suburb of
tel aviv in total 14 have been killed
israeli prime minister bennett is
promising to respond to this wave of
violence with a heavy hand
there are not and will not be limits for
this war we are granting full freedom of
action to the army the shin bet and all
security forces in order to defeat this
terror palestinian president mahmoud
abbas also condemned the attack
the attacks are also putting added
pressure on nafta lebanon's government
after his coalition lost their
parliamentary majority in the knesset on
wednesday analysts say the latest attack
could give right-wingers another excuse
to put pressure on government to be
dissolved it's very easy now for
netanyahu to
use those incidents this is how
netanyahu became prime minister in 96
he is riding
on terror he is riding on fear and hate
this is where the nine hour main hound
came to an end the attacker was shot
dead right here and although it may have
brought this latest incident to an end
it hasn't put an end to the fear people
in tel aviv are feeling as security
forces braces themselves for more
violence muslim fatigue world tel aviv
[Music]
you