[Music]
n
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
we just had a very good uh lengthy
productive conversation with uh minister
on here in
TOA uh covered a lot of important issues
that the United States here are working
on together uh including the efforts to
uh to grow and expand NATO we're uh very
pleased that the uh ratification
protocols were signed by President
maridan and are now for CH Parliament uh
talked about the important work that
we're doing uh in support of Ukraine
that he has played a critical role uh
over the last couple years particularly
black gra initiative trying to get food
out of Ukraine well as supporting its
electricity GD uh we uh discussed our
work Str our counter tourism Partners
doing as well enj our economic
relationship great
investment
[Music]
n
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
n
[Music]
fore foreign foreign for speech for
speech
[Music]
foreign
[Applause]
[Music]
and of course we discussed uh the crisis
in Gaza and including the efforts to
significantly expand humanitarian
assistance uh to people in need efforts
to prevent the conflict from spreading
to other parts of the region and what we
can do to set the conditions for a
durable sustainable lasting peace uh for
uh Israelis and Palestinians on the
humanitarian pieace I think we've made
some good progress in recent days days
in uh working to expand that Ambassador
saterfield remains in the region working
that uh every single day uh We've also
had very important conversations
throughout this trip uh with countries
in the region on the role that everyone
can play and making sure that the
conflict doesn't expand doesn't spread
to other countries and of course we
remain very focused on the hostages held
by Hamas including Americans and making
sure we're doing everything possible to
bring them
home
[Applause]
[Music]