amid mounting Palestinian deaths from
Israeli air strikes that the Hamas ran
Health Ministry in Gaza says have
surpassed 7,000 this comment from US
President Joe Biden I have no notion
that the Palestinians are telling the
truth about how many people are killed
I'm sure Innocents have been killed and
it's the price of waging a war the
statement angered American Arabs Muslims
and others already protesting Biden's
handling of the war in Gaza this is
shocking and dehumanizing with the
president feel better if 1,000
Palestinian children had died
progressives are also angry nine members
of Congress mostly from the progressive
wing of Biden's Democratic party voted
against a resolution backing Israel and
condemning Hamas because it did not
mourn the loss of Palestinian lives or
mention the two-state solution various
polls show more Americans sympathize
with Israelis than with the Palestinians
though younger Americans are more
divided with American Jews very
important group in terms of votes and
also contributions to the Democratic
party there's been almost Universal
praise for President Biden and the way
he's handled this republicans in
Congress are increasingly skeptical of
Biden's commitment to fund Foreign Wars
including newly elected house Speaker
Mike Johnson who is against sending more
money to Ukraine without conditions but
is sympathetic to Israel the first bill
that I'm going to bring to this floor in
just a little while will be in support
of our de dear friend Israel and we're
overdue and getting that
done the share of Voters who approve of
Biden's handling of the issue has
increased by 9 percentage points since
the days immediately following Hamas
attack on Israel how the war in Gaza
will impact Biden's re-election bid in
2024 will depend on whether the conflict
can be
contained in neighboring Lebanon crossb
attacks have intensified between Israel
and Iran backed Hezbollah if we get
involved Direct directly in these
forever Wars yes Biden will suffer as
long as he keeps American troops out of
the line of fire I don't think it will
be nearly as controversial and I don't
think it will be a major factor in
people's votes Sabato added another key
factor whether Palestinian debts can be
minimized and humanitarian Aid delivered
pakus VI news at the White
House