I mean you have to be a special sort of
person to take a 85y old woman out of
her bed don't you she really you know
these are frail people when the videos
first surfaced there was a video in a
very elderly woman on a kind of Richa
being taken around Gaza in her nighty
and I looked at it and I thought oh my
God I don't know this woman she's from
another kibot you know she's not someone
I know only of course she was she was my
mother's friend yafa yafa you know I
know her daughter you know we grow up
together we all know each other I was
there a month ago with no I'm sitting
around having a drink you know this is
horrific I cannot speak for I because I
is all of us there are people that are
there you know counting the bodies you
know there are build people that are
there supporting the Survivor We
together have experienced something that
is so horrific we cannot
contemplate
but we have a job to do now and I am
concentrating all of us are
concentrating on the job at hand and the
job is in the face of all of this bring
these people back home there's mothers
waiting for the children these are my
friends children these are my these
mothers are me I'm asking on their
behalf not on my behalf there's no I
here there is we it wasn't against my
father in particular or my friend's
daughter and so they're all our children
and our
parents
last
um I will Echo Chiron I I I feel I'm in
a luxury position uh to be able to sit
here and
worry and to be afraid or to have any
emotions thinking about my 75 years old
mom sitting somewhere in Gaza I need to
navigate something she never imagined
that will happen her
parents fled Europe to protect their
life and she find herself now on the
other side of the Border it's not even
one generation
[Music]
so it's
heartbreaking but we are very very
resolved and very clear what is it that
we are focusing on they need to be back
home now and I say they I'm talking
about civilians especially every kid
under 18 every Elder person over 65
should never ever in this
world by any means
we accept that this is part of any
negotiation or baring ship for
what so I'm in a luxury position