so it's the third day with regard to the
blood shedding that's taken place
between Israel and Hamas terrorists the
support is pouring in for Israel from
across the world amid this war with
Hamas terrorists prime minister Narendra
Modi and other world leaders have
condemned the terror type on Israel
Israel's prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu on Sunday spoke to Ukrainian
president zilinski as well as to German
Chancellor Olaf schuls Italian Prime
Minister Georgia melan and British prime
minister isaku all world leaders
expressing unreserved support and
totally together this time for Israel
and its right to defend
itself but remember this is not just
about Israel as these visuals are coming
in in Israel were people of different
ethnicities and nationalities the bloody
assault that was Unleashed in Israel the
preliminary reports are indicating at
least four American citizens have also
lost their life after Hamas terror group
launched this attack several US citizens
have been we are being told reportedly
taken hostage too United States has
alleged that this is a sabotage plan
behind Hamas attack blinkin further
added that major motivation for Hamas
attack on Israel may have been
disrupting a potential normalizing
recently of Israel Saudi Arabia
ties right now the focus is on dealing
with this attack dealing with Hamas and
we'll come to the uh the normalization
efforts which by the way are incredibly
difficult when it comes to um Saudi
Arabia and Israel lots of hard issues to
work through but if we could get there
um that would significantly Advance
stability uh in the region uh it would
offer so many uh greater prospects for
people in all of these countries and
they're basically two paths that are
before the region right now one is the
path of of normalization of integration
uh of people working together the other
path is what seen from Hamas terrorism
horror and something that offers not
only nothing to people throughout the
region it offers nothing to the
Palestinians on the contrary everything
that Hamas does makes their situation
their plight even worse they bring
nothing but death and destruction