[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
anit Suna suffered sexual violence in
her captivity by her captor this is an
horrific
testimony this is a wakeup a wakeup call
to the world to
act to do everything and pressure Kamas
to free our hostages to bring our
hostages home
134 hostages in horrific conditions
under the Captivity of Hamas this is why
we are in Gaza This Is Why We Fight
Hamas can stop the war tomorrow
releasing 134 hostages immediately and
surrendering but Hamas chooses not to do
[Music]
so
[Music]
Hamas can stop the war tomorrow
releasing 134 hostages immediately and
surrendering but Hamas chooses not to do
so he's delaying the negotiation his
leaders isma Ania chose to stop the
negotiation and fly where fly to Iran to
consult the Iranian
leadership this is Iran this is Hamas
they want to escalate the region our war
is against Hamas not against the people
of
Gaza we do everything we can to
distinguish between the terrorists of
Hamas to the innocent people of Gaza we
are coordinating and facilitating a
humanitarian effort by land air and sea
this is a tremendous effort we will keep
on doing so and increasing this effort
we are not a bottleneck to any
humanitarian Aid we have opened New
Roads at land and from the sea and we
will keep on doing so these days we are
coordinating and planning with our
friends from United States Central
Command the temporary
Pier this pier will provide more Aid
into God AA it will flood Gaza with Aid
the problem is yet the distribution
problem because of whom because of Hamas
Hamas is stealing the aid from the ones
in need from the women and the children
there is also looting we are acting with
the international organizations and I'm
calling the international organizations
and the the countries that are working
with us to find Solutions with Israel
for the distribution mechanism from
breaking news detail analysis in-depth
interviews and explainers follow the
times of India subscribe to our YouTube
channel don't forget to like our videos
and hit the Bell icon to stay updated
with the
latest