the White House says Israel has agreed
to pause military operations for four
hours each day and open a second
evacuation quarter from northern Gaza
this comes as prime minister Netanyahu
once again says no ceasefire unless all
the hostages are released our Chang has
the
latest the white out has said Israel has
agreed to make daily 4our humanitarian
pauses in Northern Gaza to able
civilians to find safe areas the pauses
will start on Thursday National Security
Council spokesperson JN kir said Israel
makes its own decisions not the US and
there will be no military operations in
the region during the pause the Israeli
military will announce each day's 4-Hour
humanitarian pass and its location at
least 3 hours in advance moreover Kirby
sou Israel will open a coastal Road as a
second Corridor for civilians heading
south according to this rally official
on Thursday after first Corridor along
gaza's Main North South Highway was
opened several times this week more than
880,000 people used it to flee Northern
Gaza however Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Natan has stated that the
humanitarian poses are not a seiz fire
and they could only come with the
release of all hostage taken by
Hamas there will be no ceasefire without
the release of our hostages anything
else is
futile on the same day Israel Defense
Forces spokesperson rare Admiral Daniel
Hagar uploaded on social media that
Israel's ground operation is ongoing in
the military quarter the main base of
Hamas inside Gaza City the IDF sat
Israeli infantry and armored units under
the zone to destroy Hamas facilities
killing around 50 Hamas members they
found tels and weapons facilities and
discovered Hamas military bases and
command centers Israel's defense
minister YF gallin said the IDF is
developing new ways to enter or destroy
tels without harming hostage and the
fighting will not stop until all hostage
are rescued safely chesang adang news