about a mile and a half that way a small
neighborhood just on the edge of this
town of stod um the Israeli Defense
Force discovered three Hamas operatives
in there and and we didn't really know
what it was all we could hear was this
sort of buildup of heavy machine gun
fire and it got more intense and more
intense uh towards the end of it they
put up fles so perhaps giving better
illumination on the ground for the
troops but shortly after the Israeli
Defense Force said three Hamas uh
militants uh found discovered in that
area and and neutralize use the
euphemism uh that's used here uh that is
not something that we've seen here
around stot uh since Hamas was finally
kicked out over the weekend but it is
indicative of what's Happening along the
border where you suddenly get these
areas where there's a concentration of
uh Israeli troops where the area is
secured off you can't get into that area
other things happening that we haven't
seen as well we've seen tanks firing uh
just along there towards the Gaza uh
fence line it's a couple of miles we
knew that the tanks were there but
they're firing we don't know why they
were firing this evening and just
literally the last couple of minutes
there were flare there was a flare off
in the sky there not sure what that was
doing there was a fighter jet that flew
over dropped chafe as it flew over Gaza
there was a large explosion after that
um and a couple of other heavy
explosions with a big flashes so the
hour prior was fairly quiet now there's
an uptick again um just this is the way
that it seems to go quiet than it picks
up I hear the fighter jet again and a
little before that we were hearing uh
detonation sort of further down the Gaza
Strip further south from us here