inside the United Nations Children's
Fund in Tel Aviv a familiar call to
action Echoes bring them back home and
do it no this might be a rare occasion
when these demands seem poised to bear
fruit some 44 days after hundreds were
kidnapped from Israel by Hamas now women
and children appear to be close to
returning home reports suggest
diplomatic efforts are close to securing
the release of some of the hostages
currently being held in Gaza in exchange
for a pause in fighting those were
confirmed by US President Joe Biden on
Monday I believe so but I'm not prepared
to talk believe so yes on Sunday katar's
prime minister shik Muhammad bin Abdul
rapan Alani said he believed a deal was
near when you come uh closer to the goal
you feel your confidence levels are are
increasing and we hope we hope that we
are reaching uh uh to that point uh the
sticking points honestly uh uh at this
stage are more uh practical logistical
uh not really uh something represent the
core of of the deal the Israelis are
saying the same thing speaking to us
Network ABC on Sunday Israel's
ambassador to the US said he was hopeful
of a deal in the coming days I don't
want to go into the details of these
talks they are obviously very sensitive
the less we go into the details they
better the chances of such a deal but
they are very serious efforts and I'm
hopeful that um we can have a deal in
the coming days for the families of the
hostages in the UK the news was welcomed
with hope but also skepticism I'll
believe it when I see it holding another
news conference to call for their
release the pain suffered by parents and
relatives of young hostages
overflowed she must be saying every day
where's my
daddy in Jerusalem relatives attended a
committee at the knesset Israel's
parliament a panel including farri right
national security minister isar Ben G
heard the family members implore the
government to Halt talk of executing
Hamas members currently detained by
Israel you've mixed up your priorities
we are a nation that pursues life not
one that pursu
Revenge if families are finally able to
reunite and a pause and the assault on
Gaza goes ahead few would likely argue
such a thing could be bad the question
however is what comes next Jo FN TT
world