with no signs of deescalation in the
Israel Gaza War protesters in New York
and the yemeni capital of Sana took to
the streets to display solidarity with
Gaza this comes amid failing
International efforts over striking a
truce deal in the war which is now in
its sixth month over 200 poor Palestine
student protesters continued to camp in
New York's Columbia University through
Friday the protests persisted after at
least 100 students were arrested for
staging demonstrations on campus
premises on Thursday it also comes
following Congress accusations of
anti-Semitism against the University's
president protesters pressed on a US
school to boycott exchange programs with
another school in Tel Aviv when the
protesters or when the protests entered
its third day on Friday the University
president nemat shafik requested police
support to disass the crowds however
shaik say that the Personnel violated
the compass's security rule
meanwhile thousands of protesters took
to the streets of the yeni capito in
poal Palestine demonstrations protesters
gathered in a rally and were heard
chanting slogans against Israel's war in
Gaza while waving Palestinian Flags
scores of protesters also included houi
supporters who held up placards with the
rebel groups slogans on them protesters
at site were also seen supporting the
recent Iranian strikes in Israel
we went out today in support of Gaza and
the people of Palestine we are by their
side Palestine is a part of Yemen and
Yemen is a part of Palestine we will not
forsake their assistance until death we
are with Palestine until the last breath
of Our
Lives as by the Gaza and health Ministry
Israeli aggression has killed at least
34,000 Palestinians in Gaza since the
start of the war clashes have erupted
between Israel and Iran or or Lebanon
aligned Rebel groups like The houthis
and
Hezbollah for all the latest news
download the weon app And subscribe to
our YouTube channel