so the number of hostages actually keeps
going up uh we're over 220 now somewhere
around 240 according to Israel and there
are family members who are growing more
concerned by the day about the
well-being of those people who are taken
presumably deep in the tunnels in Gaza
while the fighting is going on what sort
of negotiations do you think are taking
place at this time to secure their
release well that's really hard to say
uh right before the Israeli offensive
started a couple days ago there were
they were reportedly uh on the verge of
aund odd hostage for prisoner swap that
had been talked about in backdoor
Channel discussions in Qatar Qatar has
become the Switzerland of this conflict
and this negotiation there has been
going on for years and it and again the
problem is because we have a state
versus a terrorist organization there
isn't a state to state negotiation
across the table so there's there's
never going to be Hamas official sitting
across the table from you know Netanyahu
or or IDF and and that's why this is so
complicated and now that the ground
offensive has begun it's going to be
even more challenging um because you
know the end State for the negotiation
bargaining chip was that the hostes were
preventing the offensive to begin but
now that that inevitable is already is
already occurring hamasa said that they
m consider releasing non-israeli
hostages what would be hamas's goal in
doing that well they're trying to keep
the pressure you know the the reports
are over 30 countries uh even 35 almost
40 I've heard in some reports of actual
dual sit mostly Israelis but they're
dual sit so they have us and German and
other nationalities uh so they're that
means their country is arguing for them
and pushing for them and obviously
they're putting tremendous pressure
against Netanyahu to reduce the
offensive because when you do the
military strikes you're endangering
everyone and Hamas has a pattern of
putting their own civilians as human
Shields so of course we can presume the
hostages are being being treated in the
same manner