Israel has now started targeting Hamas
key assets and that is their tunnels
weeks have passed since Israel started
its ground invasion of Gaza and now
reports are emerging that the Israeli
military has begun pumping seawater into
hamas's complex tunnel systems in Gaza
this is according to a Wall Street
Journal report citing us officials
saying that Israel has indeed started a
flooding these tunnels and that the
process of flooding tunnels began around
the time when Israel added two more
pumps to the five pumps already
installed last month these Palms have
been positioned near the AL ashati
refugee camp in Gaza City us officials
further added that the process of
flooding the tunnels will likely take
weeks the report further states that
some Biden Administration officials have
raised their concern they say using
seawater might not be effective and
could endanger gaza's freshw Supply
moreover it can risk the hostages who
might be kept inside the Gaza tunnel
while other officials in the Biden
Administration say the process can help
destroy tunnels where Israel believes
Hamas is hiding hostages its Fighters
and their ammunition as well Israel is
yet to respond to the reports although
when US President Joe Biden was asked
about Israel pumping seawater into Hamas
tunnels he said that he can't confirm
whether any hostages taken in by Hamas
are indeed still inside those tunnels
listen to what he had to
say with regard to the flooding of the
tunnels uh I'm not well there is
assertions being made that there's quite
sure there are no hostages in any of
these tunnels uh but I don't know that
for a
fact as allegedly Israel is a flooding
Hamas tunnels the Netanyahu Leed country
has now released data on the number of
soldiers that have been killed in the
Gaza Strip so far 105 soldiers have been
killed in Gaza since the gr operation
began this includes one Israeli hostage
Noah Marciano the Israeli Army says 13
soldiers killed in Gaza were mistakenly
identified as Hamas members the Israeli
Army adds that additional seven soldiers
were killed in other operational
accidents during the war it started it
also stated that most of the cases in
which soldiers were killed by the FDF
IDF fire were during armored cores and
Air Force attacks earlier Israel stated
that some 1 1593 Israeli soldiers have
been wounded since October
7