out of the crisis in the Middle East US
troops left Virginia yesterday on a
mission to build a pier to get urgently
needed food and Aid to Palestinians
inside Gaza meanwhile Israel has
confirmed the death of an American who
was killed while serving in the Israeli
military Chris lay
reports itai hen's bed parents Shattered
by the news of the Israeli hostages
death but unwavering in their fight to
free the abducted both dead and alive
still held by Hamas including several
Americans now is the time there's a
window to get a deal done his father
Ruby pleads we deserve our loved ones
back home but not without destroying
Hamas terrorists hiding behind 1 and a
half million Palestinians concentrated
in the southern city of Rua says prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu if not Hamas
will regroup rearm and reconquer Gaza
the Us and other countries are racing to
open up vital new Aid routes by land air
and Sea Distributing that Aid has been
perilous Kim shawa is just 6 years old
his father Musa worked for American
charity anera they say they provided his
coordinates to Israel to make sure they
wouldn't bombard his shelter instead
days later they say he and 30 others
were killed in an apparent air strike
kareim barely survived he came with a
severe uh trauma with severe fracture in
the skull we're running out of
medication and time he warns he needs
urgent care
now the Israeli military says it will
look into just how this Aid worker was
killed but it's dangers like these that
have really been slowing down the
delivery of food also slowing it down
have been Israeli inspections before it
gets into the strip and then once it
gets there reports of looting forious
mornings Chris livay Jerusalem