in an unprecedented vote early Wednesday
morning Israel's cabinet approved an
agreement to secure the release of
roughly 50 hostages who were abducted
into Gaza during the 7th October Terror
Onslaught the cabinet has approved the
deal however in return with the 50
hostages in exchange for a multi-day
ceasefire and possibly more Palestinian
prisoners in an unprecedented vote
Israel's cabinet has approved an
agreement to secure the release of
roughly 50 hostages according to details
coming in these 50 hostages include
children and their mothers will be
released during a 4-day ceasefire in the
Gaza Strip around 10 hostages will be
released each day it is being said that
this is not just the release of Israel's
hostages but in turn 150 Palestinian
prisoners mostly women and teenagers
will likely be released in exchange from
Israeli prisons Israeli Defense Forces
have released a video claiming Hamas
terrorists are using a Gaza mosque to
make and store Rockets to continue to
Target Israel Israel has claimed that
the Gaza City mosque at Zin was weapons
manufacturing laboratory and storage
facility IDF has released images shot by
the Drone subsequently by the ground
forces that entered the shaft after
removing the Hamas forces in the
area I want you to understand a mosque
in the area of zun has been used as a
factor for the production of weapons
soldiers entered the mosque and
conducted a search working in
cooperation with soldiers from the Yom
unit and after the forces checked that
there were no traps they discovered a
tunnel shaft in addition to this tunnel
shaft the soldiers went further below
and discovered a workshop for making
Rockets