a new proposal for a ceasefire and
hostage deal for Gaza is under
discussion but mediators are not
optimistic we have an offer that's on
the table now to Hamas that is very
serious and um should be
accepted um Hamas could move forward
with this immediately and get a
ceasefire that would benefit people
throughout Gaza as well as of course get
the hostages Home Secretary of State
blink said the ball is now in hamas's
court but the terror group has a
different take saying the proposal they
received does not meet their
demands we have not yet received any
American proposal through the mediators
but we did receive a proposal submitted
by the occupation government Hamas is
studying this proposal and we will
deliver our response to the mediators
after our leadership discusses its
details the lean newspaper reported on
Wednesday that the Hamas delegation has
left Cairo and is not expected to return
Following over a day of internal
discussions Hamas decided to present an
updated version of its counter proposal
that it presented in mid-march with four
main demands the first an explicit
announcement on a final ceasefire in
Gaza second beginning a comprehensive
withdrawal of Israeli forces from the
entire Gaza Strip initiating the safe
and unconditional return of all
displaced Goins to their home and a
hostage prisoner exchange deal that will
take place in stages meanwhile the IDF
announced that 468 a trucks entered Gaza
on Tuesday the highest number since the
start of the war in October but tensions
between leaders in Washington and
Jerusalem are growing amid Rising
criticism from the White House
particularly regarding strikes on Aid
workers in Gaza all eyes are on Hamas
for their response to the proposed deal
and until then they will squeeze out of
it all the psychological warfare they
can
in