[Music]
we announced that our goal in this war
is to totally destroy hamas's governing
and Military infrastructure everywhere
inside the Gaza Strip and so as soon as
the fighting wraps up in Northern Gaza
we will continue to destroy all of
hamas's Terror infrastructure in Gaza so
they can never again hurt our people
we've published an evacuation map
evacuation routes to towards safe areas
and we're urging civilians to continue
going to these areas and we're committed
to continuing to work with International
agencies to ensure the continuation of
humanitarian Aid of food of water of
medicine and shelter to the people of
the Gaza Strip we want all the aid to
reach the people who need it in a way
that makes sure Hamas cannot steal
it it was a very intense uh overnight
here in Gaza and and also the early
hours of this morning until now it is
almost afternoon here in Gaza a
continuous Israeli bombings in uh
Northern Gaza in Middle Gaza and also in
uh Southern Gaza we're talking uh Sea
Air and uh land according to the Israeli
military they actually targeted 400 400
raids in uh Gaza over the past 2 24
hours uh since the morning here at the
hospital many tens of ambulances we're
talking dozens of people that were
killed um hundreds that were injured
mostly uh women and
children in the first shelling they told
us to evacuate to the South for it is
safe now they tell us to go further
south and into sin and this is nonsense
we will not go anywhere we will remain
here they can do whatever they
please there is nothing left to fear for
our houses are gone our property is gone
our money is gone sons have been
martyred some died some in the hospital
what is left to cry for and then they
tell us we will get Aid
where is it where is
it
w
here
for
for
for
for
spe
for