National court of justice is said to
hand out its Landmark ruling in the
genocide case that has been bought
against Israel in the interim ruling
judges will decide on South Africa's
request for emergency measures against
Israel this ruling will not deal with
the core accusation of the case whether
or not genocide has occurred but will
focus on the Urgent intervention sought
by South Africa the urged measures
include an immediate halt to Israel's
military operation which has killed more
than
25,000 people so far according to the
Gaza Health authorities Hamas has said
that if the court issues a ruling
calling for a ceasefire in Gaza they
will abide by it and release all Israeli
hostages in Gaza but only if Israel
releases all Palestinian
prisoners first if the court in theg
issues a ruling to ceasefire the Hamas
movement will abide by the ceasefire as
long as the enemy abides by it second
the movement will release the Zionist
prisoners detained by it if the
occupying State releases all the
Palestinian prisoners detained by
it this comes as families of hostages
continue to step up pressure on Israel
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
supporters and relatives of hostages
staged yet another protest in Tel Aviv
blocking a highway in calls for their
release the protest took place outside
Israel's military headquarters the
[Music]
Kira message to the government is this
should have been resolved two months ago
my brother should have been home two
months
ago everyone should have been home two
months ago
it's time for a
deal they need to be home
alive protesters also gathered in front
of Israel's minister of Environmental
Protection it at San's house calls were
raised against the minister after the
arrest of a protester the day before now
the woman was detained for allegedly
slapping the minister in the city of
rovot now protesters said the arrest was
unjustified
meanwhile the Israeli military has
released more footage of combat troops
operating in gaza's conun area the IDF
said its forces have expanded their
fighting and are now operating in the AL
Amal neighborhood it added that the
troops there encountered terrorists and
eliminate them raid terrorist
infrastructure and locate and destroy
weapons
[Music]