Gaza is a quagmire of misery this is
alasi one of the so-called safe zones
and as the winter weather sweeps through
the camp children step through the mud
to fetch water others cook in the open
there's not much food but at least the
fire provides some warmth the United
Nations says the humanitarian
catastrophe unfolding here is off the
scale and it's only getting worse a beer
abadi fears she and her children will
not
survive I can't see a future for Gaza
it's semi burnt if this war continues
even if we don't get killed with rockets
from the occupiers we will die from
diseases the fighting is Raging across
much of the
strip these pictures released by the
Israeli military show Close Quarter gun
battles across communities that are now
simply wastelands
Israel's ground offensive inside Gaza
appears to be
intensifying and it says there could be
months of fighting ahead before it
reaches its objectives but there are
signs time could be running out calls
for a ceasefire are growing louder and
even its closest Ally the United States
is warning Israel that it's losing
support as the humanitarian suffering
worsens and the casualties continue to
rise
the trauma and pain of October the 7th
is raw and the Israeli government says
International pressure will not stop the
war what to do when the fighting ends is
still an unanswered
question but in this interview with Sky
News the Israeli ambassador to the UK
ruled out any future Palestinian States
I think it's about time for the world to
realize the Oslo Paradigm failed on the
7th of October and we need to build a
new one and in order to build a new one
does that new one include the
Palestinians living in a state of their
own is that what I think the biggest
question is what type of Palestinians
are in the other side this what Israel
realiz the answer is absolutely no so
the two State solution is dead why are
you obsessed with a formula that never
worked that created this radical people
in the other side why are you obsessed
with that Israel denies America's
assertion that its bombing campaign is
indiscriminate but the number of
civilians being killed in Gaza and the
Damage here tells another
story the sharp words from the US also
appear to show that a rift has now
opened with Washington and real pressure
to end this war has begun Alex Rossy Sky
News on the Gaza
border