turn overseas now where Israel's prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu is now
publicly rejecting us calls for a
Palestinian state in Gaza and the West
Bank even after Israel's war with Hamas
is over he calls it a permanent security
threat it's another sign that the US and
Israel have major differences over the
conduct of this War and what to do after
it meanwhile American warships in the
Red Sea continue to strike Targets in
Yemen in response to missile attacks
from houthi Rebels there and Charlie
Daga visited the USS batan one of the
Navy ships patrolling the region hoping
to protect against a wider
War good morning we're on the Eastern
Mediterranean Sea which Israel Gaza and
Lebanon all share a coastline with it's
the reason this ship and the Marines on
board are here to deal with whatever
crisis May unfold in this ever widening
Conflict for the troops of the 26 Marine
Expeditionary Unit out of Camp leun
North Carolina the USS baton has been
home for more than 6 months and Counting
the USS baton had been in the Red Sea it
was then shifted to the
Mediterranean because of the
circumstances in this region and now
it's been deployed
indefinitely 5 3 1 Tails clear an
amphibious assault warship and a workour
with a short flight deck capable of
launching carrier fighter jets the Baton
and its sister ships have been called
the marine and navy Swiss army knife
because of their
versatility Jets take off into the pitch
dark overnight a show of force part
Readiness exercise to keep pilots and
Crews sharp all this maintenance
underway and the takeoffs that's not a
drill that's in direct response to the
events unfolding throughout this region
not only as a deterrent but ready to act
if called upon ship to shore Land and
Sea assault teams that includes a full
contingent of roughly 4,000 US Marines
and sailors across the deployment more
than 6 months getting a bit homesick um
I am going out you know with friends and
spend time with family you know um have
my wings and pizza when I get back
they're in it for the long haul even if
nobody's quite sure how long that Hall
will be overnight houthi leadership
threatened that retaliation for American
and British attacks is
inevitable for CBS mornings Charlie Daga
aboard the USS batan on the Eastern
Mediterranean Sea