uh but we've seen so far that one Convoy
of 85 uh uh a trucks managed this
morning to cross the border uh carrying
water uh food medical supplies uh Etc
and also uh four trucks carrying gas and
um another I think three or four trucks
carrying diesel so uh number of trucks
carrying fuel also entered the strip
this morning and they said that with 200
trucks would uh enter daily uh under the
the truce so um yeah we've seen
a part of that so far uh indeed
entering and what are the protocols in
place Edward to to get these trucks in
once they it reaches the border
crossings even before who is screening
the these uh these trucks and how many
times are the
screen yeah that's a good question the
exact operations there uh it's hard to
get very precise details on um I know
that whatever enters enters in agreement
with Israel so Israel has to agree uh
with the numbers of trucks of Aid of
fuel that they're going to enter uh and
and so whatever Egypt brings through the
border and and and and brings through is
in accordance with Israel um now there
was talk before about trucks coming in
uh from the Egyptian side but then they
would enter Gaza but then would make a
turn directly to uh a border Point uh
between Israel and Gaza where Israeli
inspectors would check this trucks uh
these checks would take a lot of time
and that would really slow down the
Eight coming in it was an accusation
that came from from Egypt that that
Israel with the inspections of the
trucks were slowing down the process um
if Israel is not also expect inspecting
the number of trucks that comes in
during this truce or not uh I don't know
for sure but but like this a bit how
these operations look like