let me just update you on the breaking
news and all eyes have been on this
border crossing between Egypt and Gaza
today the Rafa border crossing amid
suggestions earlier that it would reopen
at 8:00 this morning and it appears that
that has now happened let's bring in
usra Elber who's in Egypt for us this
morning so that border crossing that's
been such a focus usra because of its
access to humanitarian Aid has
reopened
yeah we're finally seeing the first a
trucks enter the crossing after days of
a deadlock this deadlock has led to so
much frustration so much anguish
considering how much this Aid has been
needed on the other side in Gaza as the
humanitarian crisis worsens now we've
been told that the aid that is going in
are medical supplies surgical supplies
babies milk uh body bags things that are
desperately needed by hospitals by
humanitarian workers on the the ground
in Gaza now the Hamas media office has
shared that this is just the first 20 a
trucks that was to be expected
considering that was the agreement
between the Egyptian president CCE and
uh US President Joe Biden after his trip
to Israel where Israeli Prime Minister
Netanyahu made it clear that there were
concerns around the aid reaching Hamas
now 28 trucks while this is a
breakthrough is really nothing compared
to the needs on the other side right now
people the the death toall is in the
thousands the people injured but also
the hospitals are under a lot of stress
and are also acting as makeshift
shelters for the people who have had to
evacuate their homes from northern gazda
to Southern gazda which has also faced
an onslaught of Israeli air strikes so
though this is an incredible
breakthrough this isn't necessarily the
sustained unimpeded humanitarian passage
that the UN Secretary General Antonio
gutterz said would be necessary while he
was here in Egypt okay usra Elber thanks
very much indeed for that update we'll
catch you again later but for the now
thanks very much indeed