it is a somber Christmas Eve in the
traditional birthplace of Jesus the city
of Bethlehem is forgoing the usual
celebrations because of the war in Gaza
ABC's Brit clinet joins us now from
Bethlehem brick good
morning good morning Stephanie I'm at a
Lutheran Church in Bethlehem where you
can see in place of traditional holiday
decorations there's this it's meant to
represent Gaza it's symbolizing Jesus
entering the world in a pile of rubble
quite a powerful statement you know
usually at this time of year this place
will be inundated with thousands of
tourists and pilgrims from all around
the world to visit the place where Jesus
was born but this year as the death toll
SES in Gaza there's a somber feeling
here in Bethlehem streets are empty at
many Christmas events canceled in fact
Christmas itself appears to be cancelled
here this is very much a city in mour
and now the Reverend of this church I
spoke to he said if Jesus was born today
he would be born under Rubble people
here saying it's really impossible to be
joyful and feel the Christmas spirit
when there's so much death and
destruction taking place more than
20,000 people now killed in Gaza that's
according to the Hamas run Health
Ministry more than 90 people were killed
in air strikes on two homes over the
weekend including dozens from just one
extended family now the Palestinian red
cresant said this morning that a
13-year-old boy was shot and killed by
an Israeli drone attack while inside a
hospital in hunus these stories these
victims are very much front of Mind here
in Bethlehem on Christmas Eve Gio so
much heartbreak all around BR Brit
excuse me thank
you hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching