[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I
told baby this
baby well I don't know exactly what the
president meant but if you meant by that
that I'm pursuing private policies
against the majority the wish of the
majority of Israelis and that this is uh
hurting the interest of Israel then he's
wrong on both counts number one these
are not my private policies only they're
policies supported by the overwhelming
majority of the Israelis they support uh
the action that we're taking to destroy
the remaining terrorist battalions of
Kamas they say that once we uh destroy
the Kamas the last thing we should do is
put in Gaza in charge of Gaza the
Palestinian Authority that uh educates
its children towards terrorism and pays
for terrorism and they also support my
position that says that we should
resoundingly reject the attempt to Ram
down our throats a Palestinian State uh
that is uh uh something that they agree
on uh and it's something that I think is
also for the interest of Israel because
uh the majority of Israelis understand
that if we don't do this what we'll have
is a repetition of the October 7th
Massacre which is bad for Israel bad for
the Palestinians bad for the future of
Peace in the Middle East so the the
attempt to say that my policies are my
private policies that are not supported
by most Israelis is false the vast
majority are united as never before and
they understand what's good for
Israel
[Music]
[Applause]
from breaking news detailed analysis
in-depth interviews and explainers
follow the times of India subscribe to
our YouTube channel don't forget to like
our videos and hit the Bell icon to stay
updated with the
latest