this morning an apparent sign of present
Middle East tensions reverberating
thousands of miles
away new video circulating online
showing chaos at this airport in the
predominantly Muslim Russian Republic of
dagistan Russian media reporting a mob
of hundreds rushing that airport
chanting anti-semitic slogans some
making their way onto the tarmac
targeting passengers from a flight from
Tel Aviv Health officials more than 20
were
injured Israel condemning the incident
pressing Russia to protect the safety of
all Israeli citizens and Jews and act
resolutely against the
riers at the Israel Gaza border air
strikes escalating the Israeli Defense
Force is bolstering its Gaza ground
defensive against tamas militants
dispatching armored tanks into the
Palestinian territory prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu said saying Israel is
now in an expanded second phase of war
the Israeli pm and President Biden
speaking via phone with Biden saying
Israel needs to defend itself in a
manner consistent with International
humanitarian law across Gaza death and
destruction food and water running
low the United Nations warning of a
worsening humanitarian
crisis the agency says thousands of Gins
broke into their Ware houses taking
basic survival items calling it a
worrying sign civil order has started to
break down and Israel says today it
plans to increase the amount of Aid
going into Gaza but didn't say by how
much hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for watching