what the houthis are doing is
unacceptable it's illegal and it's
threatening the freedom of navigation
that's why we've taken the action
alongside that action is a whole set of
measures we'll be taking including
sanctions and other pressure to put on
the houthis combined of course with the
action the Royal Navy is taking with
others in the Red Sea and we'll be
building the strongest Coalition of
support to back the steps that we've
been
taken explosions shook Yemen's Capital
saana early Tuesday morning as us and
British forces carried out a fresh round
of strikes the Pentagon said a houti
underground storage site was targeted as
well as missile and surveillance
capabilities used by the Iran aligned
group against shipping in the Red
Sea roers footage showed bright flashes
from SAA Skyline with audio of planes
flying
overhead a senior US military official
who spoke on condition of anonymity said
25 to 30 Munitions were fired including
from war planes launched from a US
aircraft carrier so far eight rounds of
strikes over the past month have failed
to stop the hooti attacks against ships
in the area us officials say the strikes
have hurt the houti ability to carry out
complex attacks however they have
declined to offer specifics on what
military capabilities have been
destroyed so
far the houes who control the most
populous parts of Yemen have said their
attacks are in solidarity with
Palestinians as isra strikes
Gaza the hooti attacks have disrupted
global Shipping and stoked fears of
global inflation as shippers steer clear
of the Red Sea in favor of longer routs
experts say Biden's emerging strategy on
Yemen aims to weaken the houti militants
but stop short of trying to defeat the
group or directly address Iran the hooti
main
sponsor