disturbing new details are being
reported tonight about the murder of
prominent sick activist Hardeep Singh
Niger in BC The Washington Post says
it's viewed security footage that shows
at least six men and two vehicles
involved in The Killing suggesting a
larger and more organized operation it
follows Justin Trudeau's assertion that
India may be responsible for niger's
death and today members of Canada's sick
Community took to the streets to Echo
that sentiment ctv's Alyssa Tebow
reports from Vancouver
[Music]
the Indian Consulate in downtown
Vancouver members of the sick Community
rallied with signs
and drums and flares
to show the Indian government that we're
not going to be silenced this following
prime minister Justin Trudeau's
announcement that India was behind the
killing of prominent sick leader Hardeep
Singh ninja who was gunned down outside
of Surrey BC temple in June he had long
called for the establishment of an
independent Sikh Homeland known as
kalistan India labeled him a terrorist
in 2020.
in a symbolic move protesters set fire
to Indian Flags
and placed shoes around the neck of the
Indian Prime Minister shoes are put
around his neck meaning we don't accept
this person this person's a murderer you
know why does that a bit he genocide our
peoples India has denied the allegation
and says Canada is a safe haven for
terrorists and extremists
similar rallies also took place in
Toronto and Ottawa the world sick
organization had issued a warning in
advance citing possible interference by
the Indian government the mood here is
not one of fear but motivation those
we've spoken to say Justin Trudeau's
statement that India was behind the
killing of hardeep's signature is
further inspiration to continue his work
just continuing with his activism is
what we feel is our responsibility now
to carry on his legacy
the community says they plan on holding
another sick referendum in BC in October
alicitibo CTV News Vancouver