Israeli air strikes and artillery
continued to pound Gaza on Monday the
aial bombardment struck over 500 targets
according to the Israeli military
several mosques have been destroyed
including this one in the alhatti
camp we were sitting in the safety of
God waiting for the call to dawn prayers
when suddenly it felt like the world had
closed in on us we realized the mosque
had been bombed we ran out everything
was covered in dust blood and
destruction the damage across this tiny
Enclave of 2.3 million people is
widespread entire neighborhoods have
been laid to waste this building was hit
by several bombs some people were killed
others were injured including children
and as you can see everything is
destroyed there was no warning to
evacuate the
building this war might be different and
more violent but it's not the first war
that we have witnessed we are used used
to it and we will remain
steadfast Health authorities in Gaza say
there's significant overcrowding in all
hospitals injured people arrive
constantly and the relatives of the
missing are turning up looking for
news critical infrastructure has been
damaged and on Saturday Israel cut off
its electricity Supply to Gaza with
water now also cut off the humanitarian
situation is rapidly
deteriorating almost 100,000 people had
fled from northern part eastern part of
Gaza seeking shelter on Norwest schools
I think we cannot even move from our
places we cannot even secure ourself as
a humanitarian actor to start deliver
assistant to others U add to that
another shortage of water electricity
and good supplies medical supplies it's
going to be a tragic situation The
Situation's further Complicated by the
Israeli and foreign hostages that Hamas
and other Palestinian groups are holding
in Gaza Israeli tanks have begun a
massive On the Border in a possible
Prelude to a ground
assault Israeli defense minister YF
Gallant said on Monday he's ordered a
Complete Siege of
Gaza whatever form that takes civilians
will pay a high price clear head to
world