there are practical calculations to make
when the law decides to demolish
someone's home
how much explosive where to put it these
Israeli soldiers are doing the math and
there are human calculations for the Oba
Diah family they are where will they go
and how will they find the money for a
new home cook the end will be all we do
is think about our home we wake up
thinking about this I don't sleep
because I'm thinking about it we're
going to become homeless I really can't
describe how that feels it's very
difficult for us to live israel is
enforcing for the first time an eight
year old military order that says
nothing can be built here within 250
metres of the separation barrier that's
why it's miles house the pink one has
got to be demolished but the one behind
it which is just as close to the fence
it was built before the law was enforced
and so apparently it can't be considered
a security risk that Israel demolishes
Palestinian homes isn't unusual
Palestinian researchers say 538 of what
Israel calls unauthorized structures
were knocked down last year but a legal
precedent is being set in wadi al hamas
it's the first time demolition orders
have been issued for 16 properties built
with permits from the palestinian
authority on land under its sole
administration and in a place where
israeli control over palestinians is
absolute even this tent put up to
welcome visiting diplomats had to be
taken down on police orders they said it
had no permit so the diplomats were
ushered into a garage to listen to the
fears of the people who live here it's a
legal precedent so should the israeli
mr. commander of the West Bank decide to
carry out similar demolitions anywhere
in the West Bank then
the president is there so it's easier
the Oba Diah family will stay here until
the soldiers knock on their door because
they have nowhere else to go
but whenever I'm thinking about that day
about what will happen I'm concerned all
the time
the Palestinian Authority says the
demolitions are in breach of
international resolutions destroying the
prospect for an independent state of
Palestine Bernhard Smith al-jazeera
in the occupied West Bank