at this point it's widely believed in
the Biden Administration that there's no
stopping Israel's planned ground assault
on Rafa in gaza's South only dwindling
opportunities to get Israel to at least
consider the least painful ways of
carrying it out Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin netanyahu's decision on
Wednesday to reverse course and send a
delegation to the White House gives the
administration one more chance do think
it's important that that meeting happen
uh as we've said we think that the uh
plan that Israel has said it intends to
pursue with respect to Rafa is one that
would be a mistake uh that would have
enormous uh a terrible impact on the
civilian population there and would
weaken Israel's security Israeli defense
minister yoab Galant after meeting this
week with top Biden Administration
officials in Washington made it clear
the Rafa assault was still on but he did
say that he was open to new ideas
Netanyahu canceled the original
delegation visit to the White House on
Monday after the United Nations security
Council passed a Gaza ceasefire
resolution but he revealed Wednesday he
was mostly angry in his belief that the
resolution gave Hamas a better
bargaining position and that therefore
my decision not to send the delegation
to Washington in the wake of that
resolution was a message to
Hamas it was a message first and
foremost to Hamas don't bet on this
pressure it's not going to work and I
hope they got the message but the UN
resolution has so far remained toothless
there has been no ceasefire or hostage
release which again puts the focus on
the ongoing negotiations in cutar where
talks are at a deadlock the sticking
points reportedly include how many
Palestinian civilians Sheltering in
southern Gaza would be allow passage
back to the north the positioning of
Israeli soldiers in Gaza and how to get
more Aid in the US and Israel are still
optimistic the state department says it
feels these last remaining differences
between the two sides can be bridged
Andy Rosen trt World
[Music]
Washington