[Applause]
Pro Palestinian protesters gathered
outside the United Nations high court on
Monday in the ha where justices are
considering a decades old question the
legality of Israel's 57-year occupation
of lands sought for a Palestinian State
among the first to testify the
Palestinian foreign minister who did not
mince words yet for decades the
palestinia people have been denied this
right and have endured both colonialism
and apptide the hearings are meant to
Center on Israel's open-ended control
over the occupied West Bank the Gaza
Strip and annexed East Jerusalem but the
war in Gaza quickly became the focal
point of the proceedings amid fears that
Israel's launching of a ground offensive
in the city of Rafa could create a
disaster for 1 and a half million
refugees there fears echoed by the un's
own humanitarian coordinator for the
Middle East when he spoke to France 24
we're not even supplying the number who
are there and then to put on top of that
the fact that they may move again and
have new needs which we can't address
then that would be a tragic situation
but the court is being asked by the
general assembly to go further back in
time and address two WID sweeping
questions first the legal consequences
of what the UN called the ongoing
violation by Israel of the right of the
Palestinian people to
self-determination and second how
Israel's actions quote affect the legal
status of the occupation Israel is not
participating in the hearings and
reacted angrily to a request from the UN
in 20122 with prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu calling it despicable 52
countries are expected to give evidence
including the US Russia and China the
session is expected to last 6 days and
judges are likely to take months to
issue a non-binding opinion