on any other neonatal Ward beeping
sounds might normally be caused for
alarm here at the Naser Hospital in
hanun they offer reassurance reassurance
that this hospital at least for now
still has electricity it's one of fever
and fever positives this is where gaza's
youngest casualties come to survive
they're coming in growing
numbers there's been a huge increase in
miscarriages compared to Before the War
which have at least doubled and there's
been an increase in premature births we
have also seen a rise in depression
among pregnant women this is just one of
the knock on effects of War Abu hatab is
the director of the hospital's maternity
and Nursery departments he says
overcrowding shortages of fuel power and
stuff are putting further strain on
resources more than
ever we have had to ration electricity
so we can keep supplying the nursery and
intensive care departments if the field
runs out and the electricity stops they
will both become Mass
Graves for more mothers and their
newborns the joy of birth is overwhelmed
by dangers that are everywhere where
normal follow-up Services would help
with feeding medicine and Care wom like
Amman Abu ml are now on their
own after I give bird where is my
support my sons are small any disease
that sprads in school they will catch as
they are weak we need H with things like
milk and diapers my 4-year-old already
wet himself when he heard air strikes
now I have no clothes no blankets
nothing not even money yet these are the
lucky ones the babies who still have
working ventilators infants so far not
being kept Alive by little more than
prayer like others in Gaza few can say
how much longer that will last iraku
Titi world