us and British war planes carried out
fresh air strikes in small towns of
Yemen hitting port cities in small towns
killing at least 11 and injuring 14
others the strikes follow the first
civilian fatalities in vessel loss since
the houthis began attacking commercial
ships back in November the air strikes
also coincide with the first day of the
holy month of Ramadan meanwhile the
houthis targeted what they described as
a US ship Pinocchio in the Red Sea with
missiles the US Central Command
confirmed the attack in a post shared on
centcom's social media account of
X meanwhile the group's military
spokesperson also said that the group
will escalate its military operations
even in the holy month of
Ramadan the yemeni Armed Forces
confirmed that their military operations
will be escalated with the help of Allah
the almighty during the month of Ramadan
the month of jihad in support of the
oppressed Palestinian people and for our
mujahidin brothers in the Gaza
Strip on the Israel Lebanon front isra
air strikes killed six people near
lebanon's Northeastern City according to
sources the air strikes were the deepest
in Lebanon since February 26 the
situation is tense in Gaza as well a
looming ground in inion into gaza's
Southernmost city it's emerged as a
flash point and amid all of this the
relationship between US President Joe
Biden and Israeli Prime Minister benan
Netanyahu has grown increasingly fraught
and now the US president has said that
he hasn't scheduled a meeting with the
Israeli Prime Minister Biden also said
that he does not have any plans at this
moment to address the Israeli Parliament
this comes after Israeli Prime Minister
benan nanyu to press ahead with an
offensive in the south of the Gaza
Enclave a move the US president has
described as his red line also according
to the United States threat annual
threat report US intelligence has warned
that Israel will be challenged by Hamas
for years as the Israeli military
continues with its military offensive
aimed at destroying the Gaza ruling
Group after the 7th of October
attack
for latest news download the Von app And
subscribe to our YouTube channel