[Music]
Israeli forces battling Hamas said they
had uncovered an unusually large
concrete and iron girded tunnel at the
Gaza Israel border designed to transport
carloads of militant Fighters Chief
Israeli military spokesperson rear
Admiral Daniel hagari said the tunnel
was 4 km or 2 and 1 half miles long
stretching from Gaza City Once the heart
of Hamas governance and now a devastated
combat zone to the arz crossing at the
Israeli border without demolishing the
tunnel project of
Hamas we cannot demolish raising or
disabling hundreds of kilometers of
underground passages and bunkers is
among the aims of the Israeli offensive
the military showed reporters the exit
point of the tunnel located just 100 m
south of the checkpoint at irz the irz
Crossing is one of the sites Hamas
overran on October 7th killing 1200
Israelis and taking 240 others hostage
hagari said it was the biggest tunnel
Israeli forces have found near the
border without specifying whether it was
used by Hamas for the October 7th attack
generally the tunnels shown to the media
by the group or by the Israeli military
after their Discovery have been narrow
and low designed for single file
movement of gunmen on foot the tunnel
shown by hagari had shafts plunging
vertically downward that he said
suggested it was part of a wider Network
Hamas did not respond to a reuter's
request for comment on the Israeli
account since the October 7th attack
Israel has besieged Gaza and laid much
of the Palestinian Enclave to waste
around 19,000 Palestinians have been
killed according to Gaza Health
officials with thousands more suspected
buried in the rubble of Israeli air
[Music]
strikes