well Daniel hagaru was speaking at the
julus South Base near ashdod where the
Israeli military have put an intercepted
Iranian missile on display and Dominic
was there and sent us this this is the
fuel tank from an mad Iranian mad
ballistic missile um the fuel tank is 11
MERS alone but before it was intercepted
there would have been an engine down the
end a meter or two uh long and then at
the other end of the missile there would
have been a warhead about the size of a
small car packed with half a tons of
explosives as one of his ready officers
said to us earlier when he saw pictures
of this on the internet as we all did he
thought it was fake news and it is
really sobering standing next to this it
gives a very clear and Powerful sense
graphically of the threat posed by
Iran's missile Onslaught more than a
hundred of these uh ballistic missiles
were fired and over 300 projectiles of
different forms drones ballistic and and
Cru missiles all fired at Israel all
brought down apart from a small number
we're told now the Israeli military
spokesman earlier when he showed this to
us said that Iran's attack uh cannot go
unpunished and the question now is how
uh they uh deal with that how do they
retaliate they clearly plan to in some
shape or form without escalating matters
even further because the other thought
as you stand here is what happens if
things escalate into a much bigger
regional conflict and we have even more
of these things flying around the Middle
East uh it's a thought that I think is
chilling Minds particularly in uh the
minds of uh Western allies of Israel and
obviously focusing the minds of the
Israeli government and Military as they
wrestle with the decision as to what
they do next