and from our continuous coverage of the
Russia Ukraine war let's now shift our
Focus to Von's continuous coverage of
the Israel Hamas War where in the latest
Israeli Prime Minister Benin Netanyahu
has said that the Border zone between
the Gaza Strip and Egypt should be under
Israel's control this as he predicted
the war in the Palestinian territory to
last for many months take a
listen Philadelphia the Philadelphia
Corridor or to put it more correctly the
sudden stoppage point of Gaza must be in
our hands it must be shut it is clear
that any other Arrangement would not
ensure the demilitarization that we
seek W to bring home all Israeli still
held hostage in Gaza Netanyahu said that
the military was involved in a complex
fight and needed time to achieve its
goals meanwhile thousands of demonstr
rators poured into the streets of T aiv
calling for prime minister Nathan
Yahoo's outing demonstrators rallied for
immediate elections over the management
of the ongoing War while fighting on
Saturday was focused in alage nerat
magazi and Khan yunes and they were all
backed by intensive air
strikes Palestinian Health authori said
that the bombings has killed 165 people
and wounded 250 others in in Gaza over
the past 24 hours and made the unabated
bombing the Hamas run Health Ministry
has also expressed fears of Famine of
more than 1.9 million displaced people
now these people lack basic
accommodation food water and Medicine
the United Nations had earlier said that
trucks bringing aid from Egypt have
supplied some food water and medicine to
the displaced people in Gaza but the
quantity of food food is just 10% of
what is needed for the inhabitants
there reason I'm here tonight on the
other hand suspected Israeli strikes
targeted Syria's Eastern region on
Saturday the overnight air strike near a
strategic border crossing with Iraq
killed 19 Iran backed militants as
reported by the war monitor of Syria
some of the killed were reportedly from
lebanon's Hezbollah militant group other
militants were
Syrian for the war monitor for human
rights in Syria said that the strikes
targeted military positions in albo
Kamal and its surroundings in their
exort Province it also added that a
weapons shipment from Iraq and an
ammunition Warehouse were also hit in
the in the air
strikes
[Music]