[Music]
the regular visuals which is showing you
is from the place that is very near to
the border of Egypt and the border that
egypti with Israel and Israel shares
with the Gaza Strip so this is the
forward area where earlier we have saw
seen Mara tanks moving and now the APC
that is armed personal carrier or the
bmps they are being moved to the forward
areas this shows that huge deployment is
being made on the borders be it with the
Gaza that is quite but obvious but the
deployment is also being done with the
border that falls with the Egypt keeping
in view the Raa Crossing that was
attacked by Israel couple of days back
and that was one of the point of
contention between the Gaza between the
Egypt and the Israel side now the Israel
side is very sure that if the uni there
is a United opposition against them then
is the Egypt will also be part of the
same and that's why as a precautionary
mayor they have done the extra
deployment here on the ground
zero okay gur siman there getting us
more details and he's reporting again
remember very close to that border and
uh just we'll take a little moment to
talk more about these images right now
that you see on your screens on the left
are live images right now coming in from
the Gaza Strip where again there has
been um attacks that have been reported
in the last few hours this is from
Israel and the target is Hamas um also
there has been an evacuation call that
has been made for close to about 1.1
million people who are living
particularly in North Gaza and U they
don't have too many options one of the
option that they possibly do have now is
the Rafa border crossing from where
you're looking at these images on the
right of your screens the Raa border
remember has largely been closed over
the last many days it has just reopened
today and it will allow some movement of
the um civilians now from the Gaza Strip
to Egypt but like I said that there is a
cap of 400 people per day would this cap
be increased would more people be
allowed to move out as Israel continues
to prepare for its ground Invasion we'll
track that story and all developments
closely