want to bring in spokesperson for the
international Committee of the Red Cross
Sarah Davies from Jerusalem with more
Sarah let's just start with what you're
seeing what's it like there right
now so what our teams are seeing in Gaza
in southern Israel uh since Saturday is
just scenes of Devastation really um we
know that Sirens have continually blared
emergency vehicles are racing back and
forth hospitals are overwhelmed uh the
sound of explosions overnight which is
terrifying in in Gaza particularly this
the taste of dust when you breathe in uh
we've seen children's toys intermingled
with the rubble and the debris from
buildings that have unfortunately been
hit and we know that families on both
sides of this armed hostilities are
frantic with worry about trying to
contact their loved ones what has
happened to them where they might be
because they they can't get in contact
with
them your organization is helping
civilians on both sides here you're
working to identify missing people
you've also dispatched medical supplies
to a hospital in Gaza what's surprising
you most about what you're hearing from
your teams right
now uh I would say is an incredibly
challenging situation of course uh the
security situation is constantly
evolving our teams are having to
reassess this does create create those
challenges and difficulties
we know that this round of armed
hostilities having unfortunately seen
them in the past is really at a level of
intensity that
we we haven't seen in recent years we
already know that it's going to be
civilians those who are not taking part
of this fight who pay the highest
price all right spokesperson for the
international Committee of the Red Cross
era Davies and Jerusalem sah thank hi
everyone George Stephanopoulos here
thanks for checking out the ABC News
YouTube channel if you'd like to get
more videos show highlights and watch
live event coverage click on the right
over here to subscribe to our Channel
and don't forget to download the ABC
News app for breaking news alerts thanks
for
watching