[Music]
ahead Tamimi might be only 16 but she's
been protesting Israel's occupation of
the West Bank since she was a little
girl her latest protest though sent her
to jail on December the 19th Israeli
forces came to his house in the village
of Nabi Saleh before dawn they arrested
her after video of I had was posted on
social media it was filmed four days
earlier when soldiers had come to her
home the teenager confronted them and
was filmed slapping one of the soldiers
the video has provoked an outcry in
Israel Israeli military prosecutors have
filed 12 charges against ioud they
include assaulting a soldier and
throwing rocks at troops the teenagers
activists father has himself been
arrested dozens of times he says his
daughter has become a symbol for
Palestinians during today's trial I had
managed to meet with her father for a
few minutes
its morale is high she's strong I saw
her today and she seemed more
comfortable and she told me she settled
down with the girls who are also
imprisoned she's still continuing her
schooling with four classes a day for
her graduation she's also read some
books on the side she's also calling now
to people to pay attention to minors who
are in prison they are facing difficult
circumstances
[Music]
heads fight has inspired artworks and
sparked protests her life as an activist
began early and has no plans to stop now
a head wants to become a lawyer one day
so she can tell the world about the
suffering ended by the man woman and the
children of Palestine she also wants to
defend them and not allow the occupation
to treat them violently in any way
possible and ephah hanim I had faces 14
years in prison if convicted some
Israeli leaders want to make an example
of her but her lawyer is hoping for a
light sentence many Palestinians believe
these constant postponements are an
excuse until she turns 17 so that they
can sentence her as an adult I had is
one of 800 Palestinian children detained
by Israel according to the Palestinian
prisoners club NGO
she's been here are offered prison for a
month in that time she's become a hero
to Palestinians who know full well that
I had struggle will not end with her
verdict ha Mahamaya trt world in front
of offer prison in the occupied West
Bank
[Music]
you