the United Nations has found convincing
information that sexual assaults took
place during the October 7th Hamas
attacks in the south of Israel the
report went on to say that there are
grounds to suspect the hostages held in
Gaza have also been subject to sexual
violence with regard to the hostages
taken to Gaza we found clear and
convincing information that sexual
violence including rape sexualized
torture cruel inhuman and degrading
treatment has been committed against
captives and we also have reasonable
grounds to believe that such violence
may still be ongoing against those still
held in
captivity well let's cross live to
Jerusalem on the program now Andrew
hilia is our reporter covering
developments for us Andrew what can you
tell us first of all about these latest
un
findings yeah it's it's a report that
makes for very very Grim reading indeed
the reports saying there are reasonable
grounds uh to believe that rape even
gang rape happened on October 7th when
Hamas militants went on their Rampage in
southern Israel also saying there is
clear and convincing evidence that
hostages being held in the Gaza Strip uh
may have been raped too so the UN Envoy
on sexual violence in Conflict saying
her and her team spent two and a half
weeks in Israel speaking to experts to
uh Witnesses and to survivors of those
October 7th attacks to compile that
report she did say that she was unable
to speak to any of the victims of sexual
violence themselves because she was told
that they were undergoing trauma uh
treatment and so that and were thus
unable uh to speak now in terms of
reaction to that report of course here
in in Israel widely welcomed by members
of the public and politicians however
some people accusing the UN of dragging
its feet on uh taking seriously these
claims of of of sexual ual violence
that's the case of Israel's un
Ambassador who said that the UN had
taken too long to investigate uh those
allegations of sexual violence of course
a claim uh flat flatly denied by the UN