in this Hospital in Gaza staff are
struggling to keep the lights on and
babies alive amid regular blackouts in
The Enclave the facility is relying on
solar power to stay
afloat this section works on solar
energy it may stop working at any time
as a result of clouds or any change in
the weather recently we received cases
of severe drought and
malnutrition we also receive children
suffering from breathing problems as
they live in shelters that do not have a
way to control the
infections the hamwan health Ministry
says at the Kamal adwan Hospital in
Northern Gaza at least 15 children have
died of malnutrition and dehydration in
recent days authorities worry the
numbers could
rise my grandchild gasan suffers from an
immune deficiency due to Mal nutrition
because his mother didn't get enough
food when she was pregnant there was no
milk at all in the Gaza Street strip I
got this small amount of milk from the
hospital in Northern Gaza where the UN
is warning that famine is imminent
people are desperate it's been nearly
impossible to get Aid in on a visit to
Rafa the Secretary General of the
Norwegian Refugee Council offered this
sobering assessment of the crisis in the
far north where people are in a famine
situation there is no other way to
describe it because there hasn't been
Aid there for a long time we need a
ceasefire so we can have rational
organized humanitarian work across the
Gaza Strip behind the scenes
negotiations for a truce continue Israel
wants Hamas to release hostages taken
last October Hamas says an agreement
could be cemented within the next 24 to
48 hours if Israel agrees to return
displaced Palestinians to Northern Gaza
and increase humanitarian Aid it's not
clear if Israel will accept those terms