over 18,000 civilians are now dead in
Gaza as Israel continues its attack amid
calls for the need of humanitarian
Aid
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has rebuffed calls from
Germany and France to end the war
Netanyahu says the calls are
inconsistent with supporting War aim of
eliminating Hamas meanwhile large
explosions and huge clouds of smoke were
reported near the Israeli Gaza border
over 18,000 people have died there and
thousands have been wounded a un report
says close to 80% of the population of
the Gaza Strip has been displaced and up
recuited from their
[Music]
homes on Sunday Israeli forces use smoke
bombs to vacate the jabalia refugee camp
residents claimed the smoke bomb were
used to force them out of their shelters
the Israeli military said troops in
jabalia found weapons in an on Raw bag
and rocket launchers near a school the
hospital's
[Music]
it
the hospitals in kanun are flooded with
Wounded people and the United Nations
has warned that Gaza teters on the edge
of a total societal collapse earlier US
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin said
the US is trying to do everything to
ensure civilians are protected the US
used its veto power at the United
Nations last week to block a vote for a
ceasefire in Gaza mainly because the
resolution once again did not condemn
Hamas for its attack of October 7th
against Israel from acquiring nuclear
weapons and the means to
deliver we are in almost constant
discussions with uh the Israelis about
to ensure that they understand what
their obligations are to make sure that
we understand how they are using uh
whatever arms we're providing to them um
as well as more more broadly I can't
evaluate a specific instance um in the
moment but I can tell you we're looking
at everything recent developments on the
US veto of a seized fire at the United
Nations security Council and the
criticism that it has faced has raised
questions on whether or not peace could
ever be
[Music]
possible oh