[Music]
do betta Yavuz Damir is a woman on a
mission when I enter al-aqsa I want to
look into the eyes of the occupiers and
tell them we are here she's part of a
growing number of Turks making the trek
to Jerusalem we must make the Turkish
nation and all the Muslim world feel our
existence in the Holy Lands Jose and his
wife are heading to the holy city for
the first time interest in Jerusalem is
getting stronger especially in the last
two years certain political issues
increased number of visitors right now
Trump's decision explains the increase
US Vice President Mike Pence visited
Jerusalem on Monday and said the embassy
move will happen next year ahead of
schedule
then on Thursday Trump threatened to
stop aid to the Palestinians unless they
returned to the negotiating table
president Reggie of Tere Pyar de Juan
has repeatedly called on Turks to
embrace the Palestinian cause and
protect Jerusalem that call appears to
have been answered the head of the Alexa
mosque compound says Turkish Muslims
make up the largest number of visitors
35,000 annually a spike which may have
put Israeli police on edge six Turkish
tourists were detained for more than ten
hours last week after Friday prayers it
was a psychological war any physical
touch to us but he shouted this was the
photo that got them into hot water the
men are seen holding a Turkish flag and
a banner of their business association
they pulled us that be a open flag and
mushiya written branda and FV
say Allah requests they told that but we
accept that we opened black and also we
opened mercy at Brandon and but we
didn't say a lot but the businessmen
have been banned from al-aqsa for 15
days but the group is remaining defiant
with plans to return in March meanwhile
the Turkish tourists we met in Istanbul
made it to the old city without incident
we need to visit as much as possible
people here just want this from us they
don't want anything else
and they don't demand any help they just
want us to be here
this is my third visit in order to
oppose Trump's decision I will go to
Jerusalem every year
I won't eat or drink if necessary if her
own journey inspires even one more
visitor to the holy city Yavuz Damir
will consider her mission accomplished
ah the Halim Straight Talk Jerusalem
[Music]
you