there's welcome news today for many
people including dozens of Canadians who
were stuck in Gaza the Rafa Border
Crossing into Egypt has reopened a
Canadian official says more than 200
people with connections to Canada have
come through the crossing today Global
Affairs says there were 266 people with
Canadian connections cleared to cross
the border on Friday but it was closed a
total of 107 people with ties to Canada
managed to leave Gaza through Rafa last
week many have now returned turned here
cbc's Tom Perry has more from
Cairo we've seen these Canadians and
permanent residents and the rest all
showing up here this week they've been
processed down at the Canadian embassy
they've sat down at tables with
diplomats they've got their visas in
order they've been put up in hotels all
that's going to be well it's going to
have to scale up this is going to be the
biggest group of people uh coming in so
we're expecting to see more of that a
scaled up version of that kind of
program that we've seen in place this
week uh diplomats helping people out
helping them on their way helping them
after they've been through some very
traumatic experiences uh very difficult
times and having to make some very
difficult choices we've heard from all
kinds of people this week who've had to
well they're safe and they've had to
leave people behind and that's really
kind of the theme that we've seen or
heard coming from people uh this week is
how glad they are to be out of Gaza but
how fearful they are for the people
they've left behind I expect that the
people getting on those buses right now
and coming down to Cairo have gone
through exactly that cbc's Tom Perry in
Cairo