the Israeli Army says it will be
stepping up its offensive after the
biggest mobilization in Israeli history
Israel says isolated clashes continue as
some Palestinian gunmen remained active
more in this next
report hospitals in Gaza filled up with
more injured and dead on Monday as
Israel continued to strike back against
hamas's deadly surprise attack on the
weekend according to Palestinian
officials dozens of children were among
the hundreds of residents killed by air
strikes the Israeli military said on
Monday it struck hundreds of Hamas and
Islamic Jihad Targets in the Gaza Strip
overnight and that combat divisions were
still fighting islamist militants at
seven or eight sites near Gaza as more
Hamas Fighters continued Crossing into
Israel it comes 2 days after islamist
militant forces killed hundreds of
Israelis and abducted dozens more in the
deadliest raid into Israeli territory in
half a century there are worries about
the conflict spreading with lebanon's
iran-backed Hezbollah militia exchanging
fire with Israeli forces on Sunday
Deputy US ambassador to the UN Robert
Wood spoke after an urgent security
council meeting on Sunday we're working
hard as I know other countries in the
region are uh to try to prevent this
conflict from spreading the envoy for
the United Arab Emirates LBA said
council members are working towards
deescalation with a priority on
protecting civilians from further harm
what we need to lead to right now is a a
ceasefire uh an end to the violence and
uh the re resumption of negotiations
down the line but we're not at that
State yet as you can as you can imagine
meanwhile the UN appealed for the
creation of humanitarian corridors to
bring food into Gaza it said at least
70,000 Palestinians are seeking shelter
in schools it runs
there
oh