after disturbing reports of two Mass
Graves near the NASA medical complex in
can yunes and the alaer hospital in Gaza
garnered Global outrage and condemnation
the United Nations human rights office
has now called for an independent
investigation into these
claims we are horrified also by the
destruction of anaser medical complex
and alifa medical complex and the
reports of the discovery of mass graves
in and around facilities and we call for
independent effective transparent
investigations into the debts given the
prevailing climate of impunity this
should include International
investigators hospitals are entitled to
very special protection under
International humanitarian law and let's
be clear the intentional killing of
civilians detainees and others who are
or the combat is a war
crime the Biden Administration has
called allegations of M graves in Gaza
troubling and disturbing which
Washington says is taking very
seriously let me just say the the
allegations are troubling they are
disturbing we take them very seriously
and we're continuing to press the
government of Israel for more
information um it's our understanding
the IDF has spoken to some of this
publicly they've stated that in search
of Israeli hostages they have uncovered
graves in the area uh where Palestinians
had previously been uh buried
hundreds of bodies have been recovered
so far at Nasa Hospital of which a few
dozen have been identified the mass
Graves at gaza's two largest medical
facilities are among the several
discovered since the Israel Hamas War
Began last year killing more than 34,000
Palestinians according to the Gaza ran
Health Ministry and
1,139 Israelis according to the Israeli
government the United Nations has also
alleged that the hands of some of these
bodies were also tied adding that there
could be many more victims despite the
Israeli Defense Forces claim that 200
Palestinians were killed during the
alifa medical complex operation with
disha Baki parmeswar Bava for NDTV