try to Shield myself from some of that
coverage because at times it it's too
infuriating to watch the New York Times
renamed the New York crimes a dying
event in front of CNN and a protest next
to the Washington Post Office for the
past 3 months many prop Palestine
activists have protested the coverage of
Israel's war on Gaza by mainstream US
news outlets the terminology that's used
as misleading so we have even the
framing of the war as the Israel Hamas
War leads people to believe that this is
only a war Hamas when um this is
absolutely not true it's a war against
the Palestinian people and the people of
vaza are feeling the brunt of it the New
York Times the Los Angeles Times And The
Washington Post coverage of the war show
a significant disparity with the world
Massacre being used 125 times more for
Israelis than Palestinians according to
a study published by The Intercept the
same goes for the words Slaughter and
horrific the Israeli uh IDF sources are
the ones that are being quoted and
trusted by American media uh while the
Palestinian sources are not necessarily
seen as uh veritable activists say that
the words and pictures used by most
American News organizations de humanized
Palestinians who are described as
numbers and not as journalists children
or families they say the passive voice
was killed is often used to anal the
death stall in Gaza without attributing
it to indiscriminate Israeli bombings in
December 2023 even if not now a Jewish
anti-zionist group in the US filed a
petition saying that mainstream media
Outlets deliberately omitted Palestinian
stories to justify Israel's Campaign Of
Terror in gazda I would like them to
understand that you know the rhetoric
that they use when it comes to reporting
on Palestinians has real life impact on
them this is not just a story somewhere
right this is somebody's life this is
somebody's land this is somebody's
country