the ongoing Israel war is affecting West
Asia and the rest of the world in more
ways than one one of the repercussions
of the war is the surge in oil prices
here's a report of this take a
look oil prices surged more than 2% on
Monday markets were rattled by military
clashes between Israel and the
Palestinian islamist group Hamas the
fighting has led to more political
uncertainty across the Middle East and
raised concerns about
supplies both Brent crude and US West
Texas intermediate crude had jumped over
$4 a barrel earlier before easing
slightly the surge in oil prices
reversed last week's downtrend which had
been the largest weekly drop since March
Brent had fallen just over a tenth due
to concerns about high interest rates
and their impact on global
demand but that Focus changed when on
Saturday Hamas launched the largest
military assault on Israel in decades
the assault killed hundreds of Israelis
and led to a wave of retaliatory Israeli
air strikes on Gaza that have also
killed hundreds of
Palestinians one leading energy analyst
told Reuters the risk premium on oil was
Rising that was due to the potential for
the crisis to spread to nearby oil
producing neighbors like Iran and Saudi
Arabia the violence also threatens to
hurt us efforts to broker a deal between
between Saudi Arabia and Israel it would
lead to the kingdom normalizing ties
with Israel in return for a defense deal
between Washington and Riad Saudi
officials reportedly told the White
House on Friday they were willing to
raise output next year as part of the
proposed Israel deal an increase in
Saudi output would have helped to
relieve tightness in the market after
months of Supply cuts from Key producers
like Saudi and
Russia
[Music]