and continuing with that we have a big
breaking news coming in this is about un
Security Council meet that happened
yesterday Israel's ambassador to the
United Nations on Sunday accused
Palestinian islamist group Hamas of war
crimes wow that it was time to
obliterate Hamas Terror infrastructure
as the UN Security Council met to
discuss this particular crime and War uh
and the conflict yesterday this is the
big breaking news coming in that
Israel's ambassador to the United
Nations on Sunday accused Palestinian
islamist group amas of war crimes to
give us more details about what exactly
happened there we have CNN news 18's
abishek J joining us on the phone line
early morning Abhishek could you give us
more details about what exactly
transpired there yesterday in that uh
meet also what were the key takeaways
from
that so United Nation was really
considering the current and evolving
situation in Israel which has
uh you know become unprecedented in
nature and in that context only Brazil
who is the the the current chair of
United Nations security Council has
convened a meeting uh to to to consider
and deliberate upon uh the entire issue
and in in where the Israeli Convoy made
that statement that it is time to
obliterate Hamas and its entire Nexus
and network on the ground because of the
kind of
terrorist acity has been perpetrating
against Israel uh the world has really
condemned most of the Western countries
European countries they have condemned
the know action of Hamas in Israel and
uh you
know because because activity India has
also expressed its condolences and
condemned the action by Hamas militant
on Israeli so and they have said that
they stand in solidarity with Israel so
clearly
at a time when Israel is uh fighting
against terrorists where where hundreds
of people from Israel they have been
taken Hol stage we have seen some of the
places along Gaza strips where the
Israeli settlements are there very much
under control of Hamas right now uh that
was the reason why this United Nations
security council meeting was convened to
discuss the entire issue uh and how it
is unfolding right abishek we request
you to please hold on because we have
another piece of breaking news coming in
it's