[Music]
eight days after being elected president
Trump repeated a campaign promise we
will move the American Embassy to the
Eternals capital of the Jewish people
Jerusalem that campaign promise will be
fulfilled the president will announce
Wednesday that the United States
recognizes Jerusalem as the capital of
Israel and will eventually relocate its
embassy there president Trump's
announced intention to move the US
embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem has
been met with rebuke from major Arab and
European allies the leaders included
Egyptian President al-sisi who cautioned
Trump against taking measures that would
undermine the chances of peace in the
Middle East and Jordan's King Abdullah
who told mr. Trump it will have
dangerous for percussions for peace and
stability throughout the region and the
world and when Palestinian President
Mahmoud Abbas was told of Trump's plans
he warned of the dangerous consequences
such a decision would have to the peace
process and to the peace security and
stability of the region and of the world
moving the u.s. embassy from Tel Aviv to
Jerusalem has been a controversial
prospect since Congress mandated it as a
US policy in 1995 every president from
Clinton onward had pledged to honor the
mandate while campaigning but in office
all ended up signing six-month waivers
delaying the move over and over again
senior Trump administration officials
say Trump is not concerned that
recognizing Jerusalem as Israel's
capital will derail the peace process
president Trump sees it as an
affirmation of reality however reporters
were told the president is still open to
the possibility of a two-state solution
White House officials insist that the
president understands the final borders
of Israel and a future Palestinian state
remains subject to negotiations
trumple direct the State Department to
devise plans to move the u.s. embassy
from Israel to Jerusalem this after also
ignoring the warning from the State
Department Security Division that moving
the embassy would lead to violent
protests at US embassies and consulates
and endanger American diplomats around
the world Frank you see Ardo trt World
News Washington
[Music]