this is Egypt's Rafa Crossing located at
the southern border of palestine's Gaza
it is the only passage that connects
Gaza to Egypt SI Peninsula a Lifeline
for many Palestinians this border
crossing is the only way in or out of
Gaza right now amidst Israel's latest
offensive on one side of the crossing
thousands of Palestinians are waiting to
get into Egypt while on the other side
tons of humanitarian Aid is piling
up before hamas's surprise attack on
Israel on October 7th most of the
designated Crossings meant for the
passage of goods and people in and out
of the territory were closed following
Tel's massive assault on Gaza the arzan
Kim Shalom Crossings controlled by
Israel were permanently shut that left
the Rafa border crossing which Egypt
controls as the only option for
Palestinians wanting to exit Gaza and
the only passage for the delivery of Aid
food medical supplies Into The besieged
Enclave but for that also permission
from Israeli authorities is required
since Hamas came to power in Gaza in 200
7 The Enclave has been under a joint
Israeli Egyptian blockade for security
purposes restrictions have occasionally
been relaxed but never entirely lifted
Egypt shut down the Rafa Crossing during
the previous Israel Gaza Wars in 2008
2014 and in 2021 when it was closed for
120 days since the latest conflict began
Rafa has been sealed and Egypt says the
crossing has been damaged by continuous
Israeli air strikes it is also concerned
about the influx of refugees seeking
shelter in the country and now amid
mounting International pressure a is
likely to finally reach Gaza through the
Rafa crossing under an agreement reached
by the US Egypt and Israel since October
7 Israel has imposed a total blockade on
Gaza cutting off access to food water
fuel and electricity for its more than
2.3 million
population