effort to secure another ceasefire deal
in the Israel Hamas War the Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is
said to have made some last minute
demands Israeli delegates who met on
Friday in Paris with Qatari Egyptian and
US mediators say that the Israeli media
reported that Netanyahu wants highlevel
Palestinian security prisoners released
in the deal to be deported to Qatar as a
precondition in addition Netanyahu is
not prepared to advance the deal till
Israel gets a list specifying which of
the 130 hostages held in Gaza since
October are still alive some unnamed
official in these reports accused
Netanyahu of trying to ruin the hostage
deal to appease far-right elements in
his government they also accused the
Israeli leader of not really being
interested in another deal Netanyahu has
publicly said Hamas needs to quote come
down to a reasonable situation for the
deal to materialize he has also said
that Israel must go ahead with a plan
ground invasion of ruffa even as
mediation efforts are ongoing the
Israeli Prime Minister's office said on
Monday that the military has put forth a
plan to evacuate civilians in the Gaza
Strip un Chief Antonio gutterz has
warned an allout offensive in gaza's
Southernmost city of Rua will be in the
FI will be the final nail in the coffin
he said Rafa is the core of un's
humanitarian Aid operations in Palestine
and an allout israelian offensive on the
city would be devastating for the over 1
million Palestinians there gutterz urged
a humanitarian ceasefire and the
immediate and unconditional release of
all
hostages for all the latest news
download the weon app And subscribe to
our YouTube channel