the Israeli Army and Hezbollah are
intensifying attacks across the border
with Lebanon an Israeli air strike has
killed at least three people in BJ in
southern Lebanon Hezbollah and Israel
have been trading fire along the Israeli
Lebanese border since October 7th 126
Hezbollah Fighters and 11 Israeli
soldiers have been killed so far 27 Lees
and Israeli civilians have also died Ali
Hashim is in southern Lebanon for us so
Ali uh this fear of of escalation and
and and a wider war is is something that
many people have been particularly
worried about what's what's the latest
you're hearing
there well Hasam actually this um
intensifying situation whereas the
tension is Raising day after day more
casualties are being uh seen as you said
in the the you before uh around three
people were killed in an Israeli war
plane attack on residential area in the
town of vintage Bale which is behind me
uh the the Israeli this is the first
time that an Israeli strike is hitting
bsh Bale since 2006 however many
Lebanese towns and villages on the
border have been hit by Israeli
warplanes or drones and it's becoming
really very dangerous to go around
especially the closer you are to the
Border because you don't know when a
drone will hit you car yesterday in
Tulin which is around 17 km from the
border a couple of civilians were in
their car when a drone hit besides them
and they were injured so things are
really intensifying now also hisbah is
attacking Israeli uh military targets uh
on the other side of the Border or On
the Border uh with with with missiles
anti-tank guided missiles um yesterday
there were around nine attacks according
to the Israeli military nine Israeli
soldiers were injured one of them
severely injured and there's also an
Israeli civilian who was injured in
attack on the other side um the the
Israelis also has been have been hitting
several Lebanese areas as I said today
hasbullah attacked the uh Western
Galilee with around 18 Rockets this is
what we knew just minutes ago and in
Shabba Farms there were several mortors
uh launched towards Israeli
positions Ali Hashim live for us there
in southern Lebanon thank you