people around the globe are gearing up
for New Year cities are leap tap to ring
in the festivities and yet there are
many who are still protesting as the war
continues between Israel and Hamas Keen
of the victims of the Hamas attack at
Nova Festival visited the memorial site
in southern Israel on Friday an
installation of photographs of those
killed or kidnapped was set up at the
site around 364 were killed at the Music
Festival on October 7th in total 1200
Israelis were killed in southern
Israel today I come from uh see the old
the child when he died and my son died
here I put a new
picture and the name of for my
child in other parts of the world
protests continued dozens in Paris took
out a rally demanding the release of all
Israeli
[Music]
hostages
Hamas is still holding around 129
hostages out of the 240 it took in its
custody and pressure continues to mount
on the Israeli government to secure
their release thousands also gathered in
the yemeni capital in solidarity with
Palestinians many could be seen on the
road waving Palestinian Flags while
chanting
slogans
[Music]
[Music]
we send a message to the Zionist enemy
that we stand with our brothers in Gaza
and we will stand with them with our
soul and with our blood until the very
last drop of our blood because they are
our brothers the Injustice inflicted
upon them by the enemy will not
last meanwhile armed Palestinians
commemorated those who were killed in
the recent attack in the West Bank the
AL AKA Matas brigades which is the
military wing of fata rallied for
Palestinians who were recently killed by
Israeli forces at the balata refugee
camp near
nablas
weon is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the
move