meanwhile in the state of Israel the
approach judicial overhaul continues to
rare up its ugly head there's a mark of
protest cyber warfare reservers of the
Israeli Defense Forces have decided not
to show up for work
according to reports at least about 300
reserves from the cyber warfare units
signed and issued a letter
stating that they would not show up for
their voluntary reserve duty the letter
further said and I quote cyber
capabilities that are sensitive and have
got the potential to be misused must not
be entrusted to a criminal government
that undermines the foundations of
democracy
all of this has come just days after the
knesset it passed a first reading of the
judicial overhaul bill which seeks to
eliminate the Court's ability to rule on
the reasonableness of the government's
decisions
meanwhile Israel's military has said
that it will discipline or potentially
dismiss soldiers to refuse to show up
for Duty when ordered to do so however
no action will be taken against
reservists will only threaten to not
show up at this moment
following protests across Israel
hundreds of reservists have now
confirmed they will refuse to show up
for reserve duty fearing the government
is introducing its judicial overhaul
plans incrementally defense minister
Gallant has said this is a reward for
Israel's enemies meanwhile the Justice
committee is preparing the
reasonableness bill for its second and
third readings in Parliament remember
this would limit judges to judging
elected officials decisions based on the
law and not based on whether or not they
think something is reasonable the
Coalition has indicated it's aiming to
pass the legislation over the next
couple of weeks and there are growing
calls for a return to talks this is Jody
Cohen for weon world as one Beyond is
now available in your country download
the app now and get all the news on the
move