fighting between Israel and Hamas
intensifies over 5,000 deaths reported
so
[Music]
far Palestinians seek Refuge from
Israel's
bombardment but why are the neighboring
countries refusing to open
borders why are Egypt and Jordan
unwilling to accept Palestinian
refugees what is the history of
Palestinian
displacement desperate Palestinians in
Gaza are seeking Refuge from Israel's
Relentless bombardment and questions are
being raised as to why the neighboring
countries like Egypt and Jordan are not
accepting them in fact Egyptian
president Abdul fat alissi expressed his
strongest St on the issue he said that
the current conflict was not just about
fighting Hamas and Gaza but also is an
attempt to compel the civilian
population to migrate to Egypt he warned
that this could potentially disrupt the
peace in the
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
region
[Music]
King Abdullah 2 of Jordan conveyed a
similar message saying that there will
be no acceptance of refugees in Jordan
or
[Music]
Egypt the refusal by the leaders is
rooted in their fear that Israel intends
to permanently expel Palestinians in
their country and nullify Palestinian
statehood aspirations the Egyptian
president also highlighted concerns that
a mass Exodus from from Palestine could
bring militants into Egypt saai
Peninsula potentially leading to attacks
on Israel endangering the two countries
40e old peace
treaty the issue of displacement has
been recuring theme in Palestinian
history in the 1948 War surrounding the
creation of Israel an estimated 700,000
Palestinians fled from what is now
Israel Palestinians refer to the event
as Napa Arabic term for catastrophe
since the 1948 War Israel has not
allowed refugees to return to their
homes and has rejected Palestinian
demands for their return as part of a
peace agreement citing concerns about
the country's Jewish majority Egypt is
wary that history might repeat itself
resulting in a large Palestinian refugee
population from Gaza that would stay for
an extended period in the 1967 Middle
East War when Israel took control of the
West Bank and Gaza Strip an additional
300,000 Palestinians fled mainly to
Jordan there are currently 6 million
Palestinian refugees and descendants
mostly living in camps in the West Bank
Gaza Lebanon Syria and Jordan some have
also moved to Gulf Arab countries and
the
West