my friend was at the party it was a rave
party thousands of people and she they
heard Rockets first of all they started
running away and then they heard
shooting so they went to the police and
the police looked at the terrorist it
was a lot of terrorists so they told
them pray and run they started running
they hid in the woods she saw hundreds
of bodies she saw someone being murdered
in front of her eyes he was next to her
he was being murdered in front of her
eyes she tried to go on a car with
someone she was shot at and in the car
she ended up being um she hid under the
stage of the Rave Festival and she took
blood from the bodies she was waiting
playing dead for 3 hours and that's how
she was Sur she survived so you are
going to enter the battle yes yes
because these are my friends I want to
do something about it I can't sit still
you know it's not it's not human they're
not playing uh Fair they're uh playing
against civilians they're playing
against uh people who didn't do anything
they weren't wearing uniforms it's not
like in the war where you just fight
against each other they just infiltrate
your house and take your baby or take
your grandmother that's what they're
doing you're compulsory training in Army
uh two years and three years also so you
are ready for
war the Army is uh doing its best to be
uh ready for this war um there were a
lot there's a lot of things that uh
could be investigated as to how this has
happened but now they are um getting
everything ready and it's not just that
it's the people of Israel
is um moving things that the soldiers
need food um equipment like the people
of Israel is standing together to help
its soldiers
[Music]
[Music]
oh
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]