Gazza traffic can be as bad as any city
despite appearances this is no old new
place it's been located by successive
Israeli governments and for most people
life would be impossible without support
from the United Nations that UN agency
which supports Palestinians isn't our
but Israel's Prime Minister has now
called for it to be dismantle
motion water of our last week I also met
with US ambassador to the UN nikki Haley
I thanked her on your behalf as well for
decisive words in favor of the State of
Israel and against the anti-israel
obsession at the UN I also told her it
is time for the United Nations to
re-examine UN RWS existence UN rw8 to a
great extent by its existence and
unfortunately by its actions - from time
to time perpetuates the Palestinian
refugee problem instead of solving it
therefore it is time for the United
Nations Relief and Works Agency for
Palestine refugees in the near East to
be dismantled and merged with the UNHCR
but UN officials in Gaza say they would
need a General Assembly meeting of all
the nations to change an official
designation are suggested by Netanyahu
we are against any violation of our
Neutral we decide strongly
discovery of the tunnel we were the
first who talked about that because we
are not allowing anybody to touch the
neutrality of our installation for the
UN value
Israeli authorities also complained
after the recent discovery of a tunnel
similar to this one filled last year the
tunnels are used to bring in goods to
try and beat Israel's blockade but they
are also used to smuggle weapons before
his cabinet meeting in Jerusalem
Netanyahu claimed the tunnel had been
found under two schools in Gaza he says
this incitement against Israel but with
1.3 million registered refugees and a
million of them depending on UN support
for food there are political reasons why
this Israeli government views the local
UN office here has been pro palestinian
yellow after with TRT world Gaza
[Music]