[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
is
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Iran knew they when she was firing over
110 ballistic missiles besides the
cruise missiles the Rockets the drones
firing 10 ballistic missiles is an
escalation to the region is a dangerous
escalation if those ballistic missiles
would have hit Israel it would cause a a
dangerous consequences to the
region directly to Israel
will not get scotf free we will respond
the way that we will choose at the time
that we will choose we don't just have
offensive capabilities who were proven
on Saturday night we have very good we
don't we don't just have defensive
capabilities who were proven on Saturday
night we have offensive capabilities and
we will know what to do and when to do
and how to do
world came together Under the Umbrella
of the United States Central Command
together with the United kingom you I
think when we there's always a fear of
escalation but we are not looking for
escalation we are looking to make sure
that Iran doesn't do this we can't be
allowed to live under the threat of
these ballistic missiles that's
unacceptable no one would accept that
you wouldn't like to be in that
situation yourself and so from when we
are looking at this situation we're
saying this is a norm that cannot be
permitted we need to send a very clear
message that Iran does not do this again
and it's not only that it's also that
the fact that Iran throughout the course
of the years has been very very active
in our region but they've been behind
the scenes at Backstage on Saturday
night they came to the front stage
together the with their proxies with
Hezbollah with um the houis with Hamas
and uh operating from Iraq they have
encircled Israel in a ring of fire
that's unacceptable we need to make sure
that they can't be successful in their
diabolical
intentions a
bir almost getting in yeah get out man
okay maybe we could go up this stair
quickly