now Israeli TS armored personnel
carriers and Frontline troops are now
positioned very close to the Gaza Strip
aimed to strike from multiple points and
take control of the Gaza Strip to
decimate Hamas G sa reports from the
front lines in southern Israel take a
look as the 24-hour deadline given to
residents of Gaza Strip draws to a close
these are tanks of the Israeli Army that
are positioned for the assault this is
one of the forward locations of the
Israeli armored column right behind me
you see the Israeli armor you see the
Israeli mechanized forces the infantry
combat Vehicles they're all deployed
here this is one of their important
locations all alone they've been the
tanks have been brought here the troops
have been positioned here and now the B
they get the instruction they will move
forward there are multiple lines of
defenses that have been set in place and
there are multiple lines of offense that
have also been kept in place the Israeli
Army we told is likely to move forward
on multiple flanks at the same time
their aim is to ensure that those Hamas
strongholds that haven't been
neutralized just as yet from the air
attacks and the artillery strikes will
be neutralized by these very powerful
marava tanks Mark 3 bars and the latest
Mark 4S also in place the Crown troops
are all set to launch their offensive
some troops very close to the fence
about to move in the moment the
instruction comes the others on standby
it could be wave after wave of Israeli
forces that will go in and we will
continue to get you the latest on the
big story on Israel's fight against
Hamas Terror God of s in southern Israel
for India
today now India Today is the only
channel to report from Lebanon next up
is India today's ashrani who spoke to
former Palestinian fighters who vowed to
completely wipe out Israel let's listen
in
Palestinian
Fighters figh
[Music]
what do you want to say I am very
sad
in
fighter Ashani Tire City South Lebannon