[Music]
in the north of the occupied West Bank
fertile land has been farmed for
centuries
this is Cal Kalia an area that supports
Palestinian farmers and their families
but in 2002 this land was split when
Israel built a separation wall there now
slices through these farms
three-quarters of the farmland now lies
on the Israeli side of the fence
this farm grows beans sage and lemons
it's owned by rashid he and his workers
need permits to reach his land behind
the barrier they're only allowed to
cross during certain hours and the
military has been known to close the
gates for days at a time Rashid says
it's getting worse
omake rd invisique Waylon was that they
are tightening the procedures on the
farmers even more they no longer issue
permits easily who can we go to complain
the UN local authorities one day they
can be easygoing and allow us access and
the next they take our land and say it's
not ours anymore and that's just what
has happened before large pieces of land
have been confiscated by Israeli
authorities in recent years only two
weeks ago a military order was reissued
confiscating a further 16 hectares
israel says it's needed to construct the
separation wall and ensure security but
it's meant profits are dwindling for the
farmers in one el facil real are dylan
riley the unfair competition with the
Israeli occupation forces has always
existed even before the wall but before
we had traders from Ramallah and Khalil
buying our products now they can't come
thanks to the wall I'm animal food
Valley Animal caleta jebel
the world bank estimates Israeli
restrictions on agriculture cost the
Palestinian economy seven hundred
million dollars a year for the farmers
in calc alia that's money they say
should be theirs janja regan trt world
[Music]
you