and well Israel's Ultra nationalist
police Minister itamar Ben Geer
boycotted this week's cabinet meeting in
protests against Israel returning bodies
of Palestinian government this follows
his party's boycott for voting in
Parliament on Wednesday to protest
against what it saw as Israel's soft
response to 104 Rockets fired from Gaza
into Israel on Tuesday so what does this
mean for the Coalition are we likely to
see new elections our correspondent Jodi
Cohen has more
local media are reporting that Ben
gavier is calling for a clampdown on
terror in Judea and Samaria the historic
names for the West Bank
he wants to be part of security
considerations and to see tougher
conditions for Palestinian prisoners who
are said to have better conditions than
Israeli prisoners
despite Mass protests against the
coalition's judicial overhaul proposals
and alongside growing pro-judicial
reform rallies bengaver is also
reportedly calling for an unfreezing of
parts of the Poor's judicial overhaul
proposals
and it's not just ultimate Hadith making
demands United's Torah Judaism head
yitzuk goldnov has suggested that
without the proposed Bill to enable
ultra-orthodox men to be Exempted from
military service he's warned that the
governments could fall apart
noff has suggested that an alternate
Coalition could be formed although he
provided no further details on that as
yet
it's not thought to be likely that any
of the Coalition parties would leave the
Coalition that's because recent polls
suggests that if elections were held
today the government would lose its
majority and the opposition parties
would be able to form a coalition
netanyahu's liquid would be overtaken by
the national Unity party led by Former
Defense Minister and IDF Chief Benny
Gantz he's been seen as a unifying voice
acknowledging a need for judicial reform
while opposing the government's
proposals which have seen 18 weeks of
protests meanwhile netanyahu's priority
over the next month is likely to be on
keeping his Coalition Partners happy to
pass the state's budget or the country
would head to elections this is Jody
Cohen for we on world as one
foreign
[Music]