Arif jabber has an unobstructed view of
the ibraimi mosque from his house in
habron in the south of the occupied West
Bank but to pray there he has to
overcome several
obstacles my house is over there and the
mosque is 100 m from here without the
checkpoints and restrictions it's 2
minutes
away what should be a spiritual journey
is now one of fear and
barriers Palestinians trying to pass
through Israeli military checkpoints can
be sent back held for hours or arrested
people tell us some are even assaulted
at the more than 120 checkpoints Gates
and obstacles scattered around the
mosque harif is trying to tell the
residents of this house that he's coming
through it's one way to avoid some of
the checkpoints going from one home to
another I have to cross at least seven
Israeli military checkpoints from my
home to the MOs
the intimidation and fear is not only
from the Army but also from settlers who
have been attacking
Palestinians the mosque is now 20 M away
Arif still has four checkpoints to go
through and Roads that he's not allowed
to use they're off limits for
Palestinians so he takes another detour
until he finally
arrives the ibraimi mosque is considered
the second holiest site for Muslims in
Palestine after Al akamas compound in
occupied East Jerusalem it has been
divided into Jewish and Muslim prior
areas after an Israeli settler opened
fire on Muslim worshippers in 1994
killing 29
Palestinians people are scared so we
have less than half the worshippers that
we usually see during Ramadan even the
call to prayer on a Saturday is not
allowed Ramadan is a time to spend with
the family but on AR's way back home
he's reminded of the
isolation he lives in one of several
neighborhoods in the city where
Palestinians can only move around by
foot and during certain hours the
vehicles allowed are only the ones used
by Israeli
[Music]
settlers the curfew starts at 9:00 p.m.
these days until 700 a.m. the next
day these two men were going home
minutes after the curfew starts they've
been held for 4 hours at
least for now is forced to miss out on
three important prayers every day n
ibraim Al jazer habon the occupied
Westbank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer