I'm half Palestinian half Ukrainian of
course I felt at some point that half of
me is being dehumanized when the other
half is completely humanized you cannot
stand with Ukraine and not stand with
Palestine and at the same time you
cannot stand with Palestine without
standing with Ukraine because what's
happening there's occupation on both
sides there's settler colonialism
there's illegal occupation my father is
Palestinian my mom is Ukrainian I was
raised in a Palestinian refugee camp in
Lebanon for the first 15 years of my
life we then moved to Ukraine in 201 21
after the situation in Lebanon was
getting worse and then the war started
in Ukraine but now that the events
started uh
Ina I felt that the narrative is
changing a bit so before when I used to
introduce myself as Ukrainian I didn't
need to explain myself twice in order to
uh really see the empathy in people's
eyes but now if I wanted to introduce
myself as a Palestinian I needed to
prove first that I'm not a terrorist
this time I felt the oppression I'm the
same exact human but being treated in a
different way when it comes to what's
happening in Palestine suddenly
everything becomes complex and
complicated when it's really simple
there's an occupier and there's the
occupied there's the oppressor and there
are the oppressed it's not the problem
of ukrainians that they got this
humanization that is how every Refugee
needs to be treated whether in Palestine
in Congo in Sudan or other oppressed
Nations and I guess so many ukrainians
are now really getting what's really
happening because what's happening in
Ukraine being colonized and being
oppressed has been happening in Gazza in
Palestine in West Bank everywhere in
Palestine for the past 75 years
oppressed people know how it feels and
oppressed people that is how we really
connect we know each other suffering and
pain it's not only about Palestine
anymore it's about the world injust
injustices the occupation the wars the
genocides they kill the people that we
love but one thing they can never steal
away from us is the freedom that we have
within and the hope that we have within
that one day Palestine will be free and
Ukraine will be free
UK