and mounting anger at the Israeli
government have spilled onto the streets
of T aiv this comes after the Israeli
Defense Forces mistakenly killed three
Israeli hostages in Gaza misidentifying
them as threats and this has triggered
massive demonstrations against Nathan
yahu for not doing enough to free
captives held by Hamas the hostages were
believed to be either abandoned or
escaped Hamas cap ity well all the
hostages have now been identified as
males and they were in the mid and late
20s the Israeli Defense Forces had
revealed that the hostages emerged
shirtless and were holding a white flag
to signify
surrender demonstrations started on
Friday night outside the country's
military headquarters they signs which
had images of the hostages faces and
messages such as has get them out of
hell the demonstrators lambasted Nathan
yahu for his inaction on securing a new
prisoner exchange deal take a
[Music]
listen my reaction first of all was
grief these are families that I know
personally and people that have been
waiting so hopefully for their loved
ones to return and um to me it struck me
in the heart showing me that there's got
to be a deal right now to bring them
back and that we have to do more things
to help these people get out of this
prison well this incident occurred while
US National Security adviser Jake
Sullivan was visiting the region
moreover US President Joe Biden has also
labeled Israel's bombing of Gaza
indiscriminate well US National Security
Council spokesperson John Kirby called
the hostages deaths heartbreaking
however he cautioned against making
broader judgments about Israel's ability
to conduct its
[Music]
campaign