pressure on the Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu continues to mount as
Israel Hamas War expands to Rafa South
Africa makes an urgent request to the
international court of justice to
consider Rafa invent intervention in a
request submitted to the court yesterday
the South African government said that
it was Gravely concerned about the
unprecedented military offensive in the
South and as tension continues to loom
Gaza residents most of whom have been
displaced at least once since October 7
are wondering what will happen now Rafa
is a Palestinian City where over half of
the strips inhabitants are living now
these are the visuals on your screens as
you can see of the Wounded Garin at the
Kuwaiti hospital they were grievously
injured after the Israeli strike on
Rafa have some mercy on us Europe and
the US are all supporting Israel where
is the European Union where are the Arab
countries find us a
solution Netanyahu on the other hand
continues to press his stand he claims
complete Victory cannot be achieved
without eliminating the last battalions
of the Hamas in
Rafa achieve this goal three things are
needed first the toppling of the Hamas
battalions is required to date we have
toppled 17 out of 24 battalions most of
the remaining battalions are in the
southern Gaza Strip and in Rafa and we
will take care of them
too now across Rafa impatience is
replacing fear Palestinians are hoping
for an end to the war but above all they
want to return home even if it is
demolished where wherever we go there is
no safety not in al- magazi not in Rafa
not anywhere we wish safety for everyone
God
willing Israel believes Hamas leaders
have all fled to Rafa through their
tunnel Network so on one hand Israel is
refusing to allow the displaced to
return homes in Northern Gaza for fear
that Hamas militants will escape Rafa on
the other the human cost of invading
Rafa is becoming devastating
the gaza's casualties are approaching
100,000 including over 27,000 deaths now
this according to the Palestinian
officials most of the Dead are women and
children and this is according to the
health Ministry in Gaza tens of
thousands of tents are Sheltering
displaced people crowding in an area
designated on all Israeli Army Maps as a
single safe
Zone
for all the latest news download the
weon app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel