uh when you get the call you answer and
here I am a week ago 28-year-old oral
was home in Toronto now the Israeli
Canadian whose last name we not airing
due to safety concerns is at War I just
got back from a mission and um I've got
a little bit of time that's why born and
raised in Canada to a family of Israelis
he says he moved to Israel at 21 to join
the Israeli Defense Forces before
returning to the Toronto area for the
past 2
years
after last Saturday's attack by Hamas
militants the reservist was called up to
fight I actually took um uh an ac130
with um 180 other soldiers that are just
like me from can Canada and from the
states into Israel oral says he and his
unit have witnessed scenes of horror we
all have I'm there there's not enough
there's not a way to describe it but
he's staying focused as his family back
home holds its breath they got nothing
to worry about I can take care of myself
my unit uh pretty capable guys
everything seems to be uh going our way
let's put it that way in Winnipeg this
37-year-old Israeli born pilot is
waiting for the call to join oral in his
home country it's hard enough for me to
live with myself right now knowing very
well that I tried to get called and and
and didn't manage he spent most of his
life in Israel before moving to Canada
with his family 5 years ago the IDF
Reserve Captain fought in the 2014 Gaza
war on the first or second
day uh we lost our commanding officer
and three other soldiers to a terrorist
attack now as the war rages he's
overcome by survivors guilt I know they
know that if I'm ever called I am on the
next plane uh back to help my people
back on the front line oral has little
time to rest but his spirits are high
we're here to to do the job and to get
it done and to keep it positive we need
to get into a positive state of mind and
uh to to not think about the bad things
just one of countless lives being risked
with every passing moment as the
violence in the region continues Dan
Spectre Global News Montreal