for more on the rift now between Israel
and the United Nations ctv's Heather
Wright is standing by in telie for us
Heather this Rift comes really at a
pivotal time in this war we're at the 2
and 1 half week Mark and there are
ongoing calls for a ceasefire we heard
that from the UN Secretary General
yesterday but Israel really standing
firm in condemning uh the comments that
he made they have called for his
resignation uh groups that were supposed
to meet with the UN Secretary General uh
some of the hos as families they've
cancelled their meetings with him and so
this is a rift that threatens to grow
even wider and this comes as the UN is
playing a very vital role here in this
region in this conflict trying to get
Aid to people in Gaza but it does not
appear as though Israel is going to you
know take uh the comments made by
Gutierrez today they still stand by uh
their calls for him to resign as
Secretary General there are growing
calls for a ceasefire that's unlikely
the United States and Israel have
rejected that there's also talk about
these humanitarian pauses which would
likely mean you know a delay or or a
stoppage for a certain period of time um
of air strikes to you know get food
water medicine to people in a safer
manner but the issue with the ceasefire
in particular is that both sides um both
parties in terms of the United States
and Israel say that they don't believe
that Hamas would abide by any ceasefire
and it sort of gives them a a benefit it
would only go to to their benefit and so
that's why that has been rejected but
Aid workers say you know it is so hard
to get Aid to the people who need it and
there's just simply not enough Aid
coming in