death and destruction continue to rain
down on Gaza and the focus is now on the
south around Khan yunus that's where
tens of thousands of Palestinians are
taking shelter but Israel says only al-
maasi a tiny patch of land smaller than
London's hro airport is certified as a
humanitarian safe
Zone the rest of gaza's citizens are
trapped in the war zone however it's not
just the bombs which are a threat to
life no Aid has come in for days and
supplies are running out as wh warns of
a disaster of Epic Proportions as more
and more people move to a smaller and
smaller
area
overcrowding combined with the lack of
adequate Food Water Shelter and
sanitation are creating the ideal
conditions for disease to
spread on average there is one shower
unit for every 700 people and one toilet
for every 150 people the humanitarian
crisis has been aggravated by Israeli
strikes on water pipelines Chets have
continued to bombard roads as well
effectively cutting off any route for
the people to escape quickly and the
targeting of Civilian residential areas
continues we prayed tonight prayer and
went to sleep then woke up to find the
house on top of us we yelled out who's
alive the Civil Defense Forces came and
rescued who they could and this is
what's left three floors above collaps
and people are under it God is our
savior my mother and father my sister
and brother all of my
cousins The Who Chief says there is only
one solution to the crisis a CIS fire is
the only way to truly protect and
promote the health of the people of
Gaza I deeply regret that the security
Council was unable to adopt a resolution
on such a cire last
Friday that's something most
International leaders agree with but
Israel's prime minister has refused to
relent in the past couple of days I
spoke with Chancellor schs with the
French President and with other leaders
and I told them you cannot on the one
hand support the elimination of Hamas
and on the other pressure us to end the
war which would prevent the elimination
of H M and I think that in this fight
Justice is on our side the US veto has
allowed Israel's pursuit of this
objective with the full force of its
military might against the people of
Gaza sh Hass DRT world