turned now to Israel and tonight
President Biden sending a message
imposing sanctions now on four Israeli
settlers in the West Bank for violence
against Palestinians tonight Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
blasting the move James Longman from
Israel again
tonight an unprecedented move from the
White House Tonight President Biden
sanctioning four Israeli settlers in the
occupied West Bank for violence against
Palestinians and Israeli activists the
administration says the four men who
carried out various attacks will have
their assets and bank accounts Frozen
and they'll be restricted from using the
US Financial system the White House
adding settler violence poses a grave
threat to peace security and stability
in the West Bank today's order comes
amid growing criticism facing Biden for
his support of Israel's war against
Hamas prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
dismissing the measure saying the
absolute majority are law-abiding
citizens but this may be just the
beginning the government of Israel that
is on the ground that we have been very
clear needs to do more to arrest uh
extremist settlers engaged in violence
and prosecute extremist settlers engaged
in violence the West Bank is land the
Palestinians envisage for a future state
but some 500,000 Jewish settlers now
live there as well as some 200,000 in
East Jerusalem contravening
international
law and since hamas's October 7th attack
has been a major uptick in violence in
the West Bank the Palestinian Authority
says 381 people have been killed there
like this man 40-year-old Bal s who was
shot at Point Blank Range while picking
olives and 17-year-old Louisiana native
TFI Abdul Jabar who was killed a week
ago while driving a pickup truck after a
picnic Israeli and US officials have
said they'll
investigate and on the hostage deal
David Hamas said today it's received the
proposal quote positively but no formal
agreement yet David James Longman we can
see that storm behind you there in Tel
Aviv tonight James thank you hi everyone
George Stephanopoulos here thanks for
checking out the ABC News YouTube
channel if you'd like to get get more
videos show highlights and watch live
event coverage click on the right over
here to subscribe to our Channel and
don't forget to download the ABC News
app for breaking news alerts thanks for
watching