uh crisis is unfolding in hospitals in
Gaza with medicine and supplies
dwindling down to nothing overburdened
doctors are trying to find ways to treat
the wounded ctv's Tony Grace has our
report which contains disturbing
images scenes of Anguish this morning
outside an overwhelmed
hospital and inside a frantic Rush
overnight to handle a surge of patients
with fresh water and medical supplies
running desperately low today the World
Health Organization said some hospitals
in Gaza are hours away from running out
of generator fuel and they estimate 130
premature babies are at grave risk so
really uh we have a humanitarian crisis
and lives hang in the balance a fresh
plane load of supplies sits waiting in
Egypt not far from the Rafa border
crossing we are ready uh to to to to
bring more uh but we need a security
guarantees we need that green light and
while a handful of fuel trucks escort
reported by the UN were seen on the
Palestinian side today there's been no
breakthrough in the daily talks to get
larger Aid shipments across it's leaving
doctors resorting to makeshift Solutions
using clothing for bandages vinegar for
antiseptic in some cases working with no
electricity or proper medication
painkillers and anesthetics uh have run
out facing incredible odds while also
facing their own Unthinkable choices
what kind of decisions are your
colleagues having to make should I go be
with my family go to the South where
there are relatively fewer dangers uh or
do I heed my medical calling and do
everything that I can to to help the
patients both sick and wounded who
simply can't leave those hospitals um
and that's that's just a horrible choice
to have to make Canadian doctors and
nurses are among those positioned in
Egypt Jordan and other areas tonight
ready to move in and help once there's a
safe way to do so but even then Doctors
Without Borders expects it'll take many
months Sandy to restore what they call a
basic level of humanity okay Tony thank
you