although there' have been something like
160 attacks against US forces by Iranian
propes in the last 2 or 3 months the
Americans must respond in a in a
decisive way now they must respond
against Iran itself but it means
responding to Iranian uh targets and so
I think a an attack against the
irgc possibly in um in Syria or in Iraq
or indeed in Iran itself needs to be a
significant attack Iran needs to be
taught a very strong lesson about
America's deterrence it needs to be uh a
hit on um
irgc positions bases
individuals um resulting in severe
destruction uh and death to Iranian
terrorists who have been responsible for
these attacks the US should be looking
at a more significant attack than the
Iranians carried
out I think um the kind of retaliation
talking
of and I think the is
more low on tues to increase it if
America doesn't strike hard then we'll
see continued attacks by Iran if America
does strike hard then we're more likely
to see Iran draw its horns in there is
only one possible response to this and
that is uh severe violence against the
Iranian regime and as rapidly as
possible
um anything else will be seen as
weakness and will simply provoke further
violence against the US and its allies
if we see if we see um a significant
violent us response to this then we're
likely to see a reduction in the number
of attacks or even a cessation in
attacks against US forces if America
does not retaliate in that way if it
holds itself back if it restrains itself
if it limits itself to tit for Tat then
we will see continued escalation Iran is
intent on provoking the us we've seen
that in the Red Sea by uh the Iranian
proxies the houthis attacks on
international shipping and a relatively
limited response to that as opposed to a
really forceful response which we should
have seen has resulted only in the
houthis increasing their attacks not
diminishing them and only over the
weekend we saw a British uh own tanker
attacked by the houthis and catching
fire uh and and that itself represents
an escalation which potentially could
have been stopped by a more decisive
attack against the houthi so the same
thing applies now to the response to the
American the attack on Americans in
Jordan over the
weekend