the world court on Thursday ordered
Israel to end spreading famine in Gaza
demanding it take all necessary and
effective action to ensure basic Food
Supplies to the Palestinians there the
unanimous ruling from the international
court of justice came as Aid agencies
say only about a fifth of needed
supplies are entering the war shattered
Enclave the world Court judges said in
their order quote the court observes
that Palestinians in Gaza are no longer
facing only a risk of famine but that
famine is setting in the judges said
this could be done by quote increasing
the capacity and number of land Crossing
points and maintaining them open for as
long as necessary the court ordered
Israel to submit a report in a month to
detail how it had given effect to the
ruling the new measures were requested
by South Africa as part of its case that
accuses Israel of state-led genocide in
Gaza a senior Hamas official said the
ruling did not go far enough and Israel
must be ordered to end its military
offensive to Halt the suffering saying
quote we welcome any new demands to end
this humanitarian tragedy in Gaza and
especially in the northern Gaza Strip
but we hope the court would order a
ceasefire as an absolute solution to all
the miseries our people in Gaza are
living through the UN Security Council
voted on Tuesday to demand an immediate
ceasefire and the immediate and
unconditional release of all
hostages in a change from its previous
stance the United States abstained from
but did not veto the vote there was no
immediate comment from Israel's foreign
Ministry on Thursday's World Court
ruling Israel has said it is making
efforts to expand access for
humanitarian groups to Gaza over land
through air drops and by ship but Aid
agencies say it's not nearly enough and
un Secretary General Antonio gues has
described the number of trucks blocked
at the border as a moral outrage it is a
moral outrage