4 and a/2 months after Israel began its
campaign to destroy
Hamas there are few if any safe areas
within the Gaza Strip and if aid for
displaced civilians was Dire before it's
now reached the point of
desperation earlier this week a shipment
of flour led to chaos on the ground when
the alternative for some Palestinians is
mixing animal feed with weeds nothing is
considered waste not even flow spilled
into the sand
this Refugee says she hasn't been able
to get milk since before The Invasion
and her kids are now anemic the aid she
and gaza's 2.2 million inhabitants need
isn't far away but it's Out Of Reach on
the other side of the fence it is
encouraging to see this Aid making its
way to the desperate civilians in need
in Gaza Amad H Canada's minister of
International Development was in the
Middle East this week to try to get the
humanitarian Aid moving
airdrops he said should be considered
because the UN reports an average of 62
trucks have entered Gaza each day over
the past 2 weeks far less than the 500
needed complicating matters Israeli
protesters have begun blocking border
checkpoints in an effort to pressure
Hamas to release hostages meanwhile
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has released his day after
plan for Gaza that would see complete
Israeli control over Security in
Palestinian areas which experts say
would lead to more conflict both there
are two things true here at once that
these security measures are needed to
protect Israel and that these security
measures are going to make it harder to
ever reach a two-state solution and are
going to Foster more um extremism in the
long term both of those things can be
true what's true right now is a flood of
Aid is needed and only a trickle is
getting in Mike dlay Global News Toronto