so an evacuation order is in place now
for the villages and towns surrounding
the Gaza Strip in preparation of any
ground incursion by the Israeli forces
certainly the places we drove through
places like SRO which is we understand
came under attack
today people are just looking behind me
I think there's been another air strike
um uh is empty it's deserted now I think
19% of people had already
gone sorry apologies just looking behind
me um and so but but many of this
there's buildings that are empty
buildings that were being built but who
would live here now um who would live
here now and who would come back you
know this is a very strange atmosphere
this subject of such horrific attack uh
by Hamas um a week last Saturday and for
the people of Gaza where we can see the
buildings behind those tall buildings
it's known of one of the most densely
populated Parts um of the world uh those
people many of whom have decided to stay
behind uh currently coming under um Air
Attack we've just seen a plane there's
leaflets blowing in the sky it looks
like right now actually um it looks like
there's been another warning for people
no doubt to leave um as I said earlier
um half of uh yeah there's leaflets
flying everywhere above us um that have
been dropped in uh Gaza trying to get
people to leave half of the Gaza Strip
lived in poverty half is now under an
evacuation order and nearly half our
children a dire circumstances for people
many of whom have decided to stay there
the Convoy attack certainly made people
think that any evacuation to the South
which is where they're being urged to go
was not safe here is one of those uh
evacuation orders uh once again it shows
the Wy Gaza uh where people are being
sent these are being dropped for the
remaining residents in Gaza right now to
try and get them to move South before
any ground incursion uh which as we can
see um you know could be uh just moments
away days away uh certainly the forces
have massed in this area uh On the
Border here with Gaza