and on Monday Turkish president urged
Israel against indiscriminately
attacking civilians in its war with
Hamas militants in Gaza but reua also
delivered measured criticism of Hamas
and urged both the sides to respect the
ethics of War a day later on Tuesday
eruan criticized the US for moving a
carrier strike group closer to Israel
saying that it would commit serious
massacres in
Gaza experts say that the US in one of
its long time NATO allies turkey are
staring at a complete breakdown in the
relationship and it's unclear if it will
ever recover following a surprised
attack by Hamas militants on Israel on
Saturday us defense secretary Lloyd
Austin said that Washington will be
moving a carrier strike Group which
includes the USS Gerald R Ford closer to
Israel and hitting out edu asked what
will the aircraft carrier of the US do
near Israel and why do they come
he also asked what will boats around an
aircraft on it will do he said I'm
quoting U here they will hit Gaza and
around and take steps for serious
massacres there edu has previously said
that turkey was ready to mediate between
Israeli and Palestinian forces to ensure
calm while he has backed the Palestinian
cause and supported a two-state solution
for the Israeli Palestinian conflict
just two days ago us F-16 war planes
over Syria shot down a Turkish
stating that the two countries are NATO
Partners edua claimed that us is
training and arming all terrorist groups
and turning places into blood Bots
Washington and ankora have a long
history of partnership including years
of fending of the Soviets together but
turkey is openly defying us wishes on a
russian-made weapons purchase anra also
blamed a us-based cleric for
orchestrating a coup against the
government turkey G and attacked us
allies in Syria throwing the anti-isis
campaign at the time into a
[Music]
cur