day 24 of the war here in Israel and the
bombardment of Gaza continues to gapas
by the day in the first 24 hours of the
ground Invasion which began on Friday
night the Israel Defense Forces the IDF
said that 250 military targets have been
hit at the following day it was 450 this
morning they announced that yesterday
600 were hit IDF troops are operating
deep inside the strip now while hamus
continues to engage them uh inside Gaza
and also continues to fire Rockets right
across
Israel away from Gaza there continues to
be outbreaks of violence in the west
back and Jerusalem more than 120
Palestinians have now been killed in the
West Bank since the war broke out and we
saw for ourselves today the bloody
aftermath of a a terrorist attack when a
knifeman who had attacked a police
officer was shot dead by other armed
officers
is there has finally been some good news
here in Israel on the hostage front um
after it was announced a short time ago
that a woman soldier who was abducted on
October the 7th by Hamas terrorist has
been rescued a private Ori Meades was
rescued in a nighttime ground operation
although no further details have been
released she is said to be well and is
with her family
[Music]
for
uh in one in one of the overnight raids
recently the IDF rescued a what I think
is a female IDF soldier that was
captured on the 7th of October which is
um obviously extremely good news and um
obviously it's it's in some ways it's
very much the tip of the iceberg G given
that there are well over 200 hostages
being held but it nevertheless it's good
news and I'm sure will be very
encouraging news for the families of of
the others that uh that have been taken
hostage