the fighting in Gaza now in its 7eventh
month it's overshadowed the increasingly
tense situation further north Israeli
troops have engaged in Daily exchanges
with of fire with hollah milicia
Fighters across the border in Lebanon on
Thursday the military said Israeli Jets
hit hisbah military Targets in the areas
of Mel jabal yarin and
Kiam
they also targeted a hisbah observation
post in the area of marahin and another
compound in alira in southern Lebanon
the Iranian back group is thought to
have a large arsenal of missiles it has
long been considered to be one of the
most likely forces that thean could use
against Israel but so far both sides
have held back from a full-scale
confrontation Israeli troops and war
planes started an operation in central
Gaza which the military said was aimed
at destroying structure of armed
Palestinian groups most Israeli troops
have been pulled out of Gaza in
preparation for an assault on the
southern Gaza City of Rafa over 1
million Palestinians are Sheltering in
the southern Gaza City but fighting has
cons continued in various areas of The
Enclave residents and militants said
Fighters have engaged in gun battles
with Israeli forces which attack the
northern and southern areas of alnus
refugee camp Hamas leader isma Han said
that his group was still seeking a deal
for a ceasefire and hostage relase after
an Israeli strike killed three of his
sons in Gaza speaking in Qatar while
receiving condolences Han said that the
interests of the Palestinian people are
placed above everything he told news
agency Reuters we're seeking to reach a
deal but the occupation is still
procrastinating and evading a response
to the
demands for latest news download the Von
app And subscribe to our YouTube channel