the UN says Gaza is unlivable but what
other choice do people have a blackened
abandoned School in jabali refugee camp
North
Gaza thousands of people came here for
safety and
shelter but the war came here
too after a week the military ordered
all the men inside the school to take
off their clothes and stay in their
boxes and to raise their hands with
their ID
cards gazin fear they'll never be
allowed home and fear they have no home
left those in the South can't go back to
the north because the Army is searching
house by house and treat every
Palestinian as their enemy I think the
Israeli military is putting pressure on
the entire Gaz of population and they
will open a gate until everybody leaves
to
immigrate so what will happen to
Gaza US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin back in the Middle East to find
out first stop turkey blinkin has three
main goals to pressure Israel to wind
down this phase of the war and stop
killing so many civilians to find out
what is Israel's plan for Gaza and to
urge the whole region to contain the
conflict a big part of the conversations
we'll be having over the coming days
with all of our allies and partners is
looking at the steps that they can take
using the influence and ties that they
have uh to do just that to make sure
that this conflict doesn't spread but
it's getting harder Hezbollah says it
fired 62 Rockets into Israel and Israel
is hitting
back in Gaza a warning from the UN
famine is
looming only a couple of bakeries for
more than 1 million people Brad is like
gold I swear today I have been standing
for 10 hours to get this bag this is the
status quo in the country only one or
two bakeries for all Rafa we want more
than one Bakery there should be at least
10 long days of hunger and of War
Garin hold little hope blinken's tour
will change
anything Nicole Johnston Sky News
Jerusalem