now to the latest on the Israel Hamas
war and outrage growing tonight from the
families of hostages still being held in
Gaza those families demanding
negotiations to have their loved ones
released after the IDF admitted to
mistakenly killing three Israeli
hostages CBS 2's Christian Benavides
reports among the thousands who've been
killed during Israel's assault on Gaza
three Israel hostages mistakenly shot by
IDF soldiers funerals already being held
Israeli officials say the three were
waving a white flag a preliminary
investigation found the soldiers broke
the rules of engagement put the best
offer on the table to get the hostages
back alive scores of Israelis along with
families of the hostages were out on the
streets in Tel Aviv over the incident
demanding Israel do more to bring the
hostages home claiming full
responsibility the IDF said the incident
is under investigation prime minister
Benjamin net yahu spoke
Saturday we will learn the lessons we
will apply the lessons and we will not
let go of the military and political
effort to release the hostages the
victims include 25-year-old motorcycle
Enthusiast Samar tala 28-year-old yotam
hyim who filmed this video the morning
of October
7th when Hamas gunman rampaged through
his community before abducting him and
26-year-old shamri a computer
engineering student National Security
adviser Jake Sullivan in the region this
week met with Israeli officials along
with Palestinian Authority leaders
ultimately the control of Gaza the
administration of Gaza and the security
of Gaza has to transition to the
Palestinians the US has been pressing
Israel for a timetable to end this phase
of the war and move to more targeted
raids of Hamas leaders to a void
civilian casualties in Gaza Christian
Benavides CBS News Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has not
committed to renewed negotiations only
saying he's told Israeli officials that
military pressure helps efforts to
recover more hostages