Israel held an event at the United
Nations in New York focused on sexual
violence against women during the
October 7th attack by Hamas Israel has
been critical of the world body's
response to the attacks the Hamas group
denies the abuses in a pre-recorded
video former US Secretary of State
Hillary Clinton said and I quote rape as
a weapon of war is a crime against
humanity as a global Community we must
must respond to weaponized sexual
violence wherever it happens with
absolute condemnation there can be no
justifications and no excuses rape as a
weapon of war is a crime against
humanity hitting out Israel's un Envoy
said un women ignored all of the proof
and were blind to all of the evidence
keynote speaker Cheryl Samberg called
upon the entire un to formly condemn
Hamas for these
rapes un women ignored all of the proof
and and were blind to all the evidence
including video footage of clear
testimonies of sexual crimes instead of
immediately supporting the victims un
women brazenly suggested that hamas's
gender-based violence be investigated by
a blatantly anti-semitic un body this
moment is so
critical we have come so far in
establishing that rape is a crime
against humanity and we have come so far
in believing survivors of sexual assault
in so many
situations that's why the silence on
these war crimes is
dangerous it threatens to undo Decades
of progress to undo an entire movement
movement un Secretary General Antonio
Gutierrez told the security Council last
week that sexual violence committed on
October the 7th must be vigorously
probed and prosecuted Hamas rejected
accusations of rape and sexual violence
by Palestinian militants during the
group's October 7th attacks on Israel
the ISIS group dismissed claims by women
and advocacy groups as part of what it
dubbed as a series of Israeli lies since
the start of the
[Music]
war