and we have some more inputs coming in
on the story now according to uh Israeli
Defense Forces in preparation for the
next stages of combat the IDF operated
in Northern Gaza and IDF tanks and
infantry struck numerous terrorist cells
infrastructure and also anti-tank
missile launch post the soldiers have
since exited the area and returned to
Israeli territory so this is the latest
uh input that we are receiving as far as
the war between Israel and Hamas is
concerned and CNN news 18's uh abishek
ja is joining us on the story abishek so
as Israel prepares for for ground
Invasion what we're learning is that the
IDE of operated in Northern Gaza what
more details do you have on this well I
continues to strike locations of hasah
across lebnan and one of the overnight
raid the activity ofah and the locations
targeted by uh the is is strike and uh
uh the the Israeli forces are trying toh
Target soldiers located and numerous
terrorist outfit where the guns are
mounted from where they are know
targeting Israeli locations and the
deployment of Tanks uh also in the
recent past we have seen a meeting of
Iranian hisbah and Hamas happening in
lebnan in beu and that is also giving
some kind of concern to the Israeli
Defense Forces about the upcoming
challenges at the northern border as
well they are already dealing with Hamas
terrorist in the southern part of Israel
that is across Gaza and if hisbah also
joins and it it becomes a coordinated
and multi fronted war against Israel it
will be a real challenge for the Israeli
Defense Forces to to to counter both the
challenges at northern and southern
border at the same time and to eliminate
any such possibility they are targeting
a possible locations of Hamas from where
they can targeted Val Defense
Forces all right abishek thank you so
much much for giving us all those
details on the war that is underway
between Israel and Hamas and