[Music]
the first Convoy of trucks carrying
humanitarian Aid crossed into Gaza
Saturday from the Egyptian border it
comes after 12 days of total Siege of
the strip since the October 7th attack
on Southern Israel by Hamas militants
which killed 1,400 israelies but for
many who have been displaced in the
growing conflicts 20 trucks are simply
not enough for the enclaves 2.3 million
people where is your Humanity we need to
know what is being done says this man
who was calling on Arab countries to
send help before the outbreak of War an
average of about 450 Aid trucks were
arriving daily in Gaza since the October
7th attack Israel has hammered Gaza with
air strikes here in a crowded School in
gaza's South Tahir tabash and her
children are among hundreds of other
families taking shelter from Israeli
bombardment she says that if her
children hear so much as a chair being
moved they jump in
fear our children suffer a lot at night
they cry all night they pee themselves
without meaning to and I don't have time
to clean up after them one after the
other the place is full I can't take
care of my children clean for them I
can't there is not even 1% of a good
healthy and safe life for a child there
is no safety if we don't die from war we
will die from epidemics and
diseases more than 4,000 Palestinians
have been killed including hundreds of
children and 13,000 wounded in Gaza
according to the Palestinian Health
Ministry the United Nations says more
than a million have been made homeless
there are no safe bomb shelters in Gaza
where over 50% of Palestinians live in
poverty in Egypt Arab leaders condemned
the siege of Gaza at a summit convened
hastily to find a peace settlement but
the absence of Israel and Senior us
officials at the meeting undermined any
Prospect for halting the escalating War