[Music]
in the narrow alleys of Jerusalem's Old
City we meet one of its original
residents ISA McRobbie this isn't his
first home it was destroyed by the
Israeli army when it occupied East
Jerusalem in 1967
donnatella Casa de
Bahia I was 13 years old I remember it
well it was a Monday they came in at
night from the eastern gate the damn
gate they came in with bulldozers and
costs they gave us a warning of 15
minutes to evacuate the houses without
us taking anything with us ISA now lives
just around the corner from the Western
Wall one of the holiest sites in Judaism
above the wall is the al-aksa mosque the
third holiest site in Islam in 1967
Palestinian houses were destroyed to
make room for the plaza in front of the
Western Wall it gave Jewish people more
room to pray and it's become a place for
the Israeli state to hold functions it's
also a symbol of what it claims is it's
undivided capital
and this week Israelis are celebrating
50 years of occupying East Jerusalem
they say they're United it
these Jews have just returned from the
Haram al-sharif also known as the Temple
Mount it's a holy site for Jews and
Muslims Jews can visit the compound but
aren't allowed to pray here it's been an
historic day from what I understand
hundreds and hundreds of Jews I think
about four or five hundred now have gone
into the Temple Mount this is a far cry
from the situation back in 2004 when it
was barely two hundred a year now thank
God over 15,000 Jews are sending the
amount every year and every year more
Israeli settlers are moving into
Palestinian neighborhoods in the city
there are around
2,500 in these neighborhoods who are
part of the 200,000 strong population of
Israelis in occupied East Jerusalem
so for Palestinians there's nothing to
celebrate on what Israel calls Jerusalem
day
[Music]
this day is what they wanted it's also
West Jerusalem doesn't belong to them
they are celebrating even though it's
not theirs it's one city from the
beginning and the closest ISA can get to
his old home without an Israeli permit
is to look down from here and remember
where it once stood Nicole Johnston TRT
world East Jerusalem
[Music]