now I'll note that the resolution is not
perfect we were appalled that some
council members still refuse to condemn
hamas's horrific terrorist attack on
October 7th which set so much heartbreak
and suffering in motion we will continue
to push the council to write this wrong
we also believe the council must
continue to support the resumption ion
of humanitarian pauses Israel is
committed to reaching another
agreement now Hamas must agree to
additional pauses still there is no
doubt that today was a massive positive
step of course there are so many
challenges facing us all over the world
and all happening at once and so we must
be able to advance multiple Solutions
all over the world and just about all at
once so while I'm here I also want to
talk about what else the council
accomplished what else United States
leadership and diplomacy accomplished
what we contributed to this week and
that's a financing resolution almost a
decade in the making that will help the
African Union ensure peace on a
continent face with many many security
threats a resolution that cements a
better vision for African security
putting African leadership at the
Forefront and African people at the
center this was a massive priority and
it is a big deal it's a big deal to have
gotten this done at the end of the year
and I want to express the United States
gratitude to Ghana and all three three
African member all three African members
of the security Council for helping us
put our shared principles to paper the
resolution adopted today and the
resolution adopted less than 24 hours
earlier are bound by more than just
faithful timing together they paint a
picture of American resolve that no
matter how hard diplomacy is and no
matter how cynical others both inside
that room and Beyond it may be we will
continue to lead to help alleviate
suffering and work toward lasting peace
it's as simple as that this past week
the United States worked with Security
Council Members to provide a vision
leadership and a glimmer of hope and now
the real work continues because now we
must provide results from breaking news
detailed analysis in-depth interviews
and explainers follow the times of India
subscribe to our YouTube channel don't
forget to like our videos and hit the
Bell icon to stay updated with the
latest