the crew of the guided missile destroyer
USS Carney operating in the northern Red
Sea earlier today shot down three land
attack cruise missiles and several
drones that were launched by houthi
forces in Yemen this action was a
demonstration of the integrated air and
missile defense architecture that we
have built in the Middle East and that
we are prepared to utilize whenever
necessary to protect our partners and
our interests in this important region
there were no casualties to US forces
and none that we know of to any
civilians on the ground information
about these engagements is still being
processed and we cannot say for certain
what these missiles and drones were
targeting but they were launched from
Yemen heading north along the Red Sea
potentially towards Targets in Israel
our defensive response was one that we
would have taken for any similar threat
in the region where we're able to do so
against our interest personnel and our
partners this attack may be ongoing so
if we have more information to share we
will but again as the secretary has made
clear we have the capability to defend
our broader interests in the region and
to deter Regional escalation and broader
expansion of the conflict that began
with hamas's attack on Israeli C
civilians on October 7th the crew of the
carne did just that and across the force
we will remain Vigilant to any other
potential
threats and while I'm on the topic of
threats let me provide an update on the
reports of several drone attacks against
us facilities in Iraq and Syria early
yesterday morning Syria time October
18th The utop Garrison in Syria was
targeted by two drones us and Coalition
forces engaged one drone destroying it
while the other drone impacted the base
resulting in minor injuries to Coalition
forces also the same morning in Iraq
early Warning Systems indicated a
possible threat approaching the airbase
at al-assad and base Personnel sheltered
in place as a protective measure though
no attack occurred sadly a US civilian
contractor suffered a card episode while
Sheltering and passed away shortly
thereafter and our deepest sympathies
and condolences are with the loved one
loved ones of the individual who passed
away thanks for watching stay updated
about breaking news and top stories on
the NBC News app or follow us on social
media