all right big news now coming in Israeli
Prime Minister has dialed US President
Joe Biden once again amid the war and
the third round that has taken place now
between Netanyahu and Biden on the phone
Netanyahu has said I've never seen such
savagery Hamas is even worse than Isis
remember with more reports coming in of
how children in their cribs were
targeted uh these are all claims of
course coming in from the Israeli
soldiers reported also on the ground by
the by The Correspondents uh now with
Netanyahu and Biden holding more talks
uh Netanyahu has said never have seen
such savagery Hamas is worse than
Isis I want to give you a clear picture
of the difficult situation we Face we
were struck sat Saturday by an attack
who savagery I can say we have not seen
since the Holocaust I mean we had
hundreds massacred families wiped out in
their beds in their homes women brutally
raped and murdered over a hundred
kidnapped including
children and since we last spoke the
extent of this evil it's only gotten
worse they they took dozens of children
bound them up burned them and executed
them they be
soldiers they they mow down these these
youngsters who came to a nature festival
and just you know like put five Jeeps
around uh a depression in the in the
soil and like babiar they mowed them
down you know making sure that they
killed everybody this is we've never
seen such savagery in the history of the
state and they're even worse than
Isis they're even worse than Isis and
and we need to treat them as
such and near constant communication
with our Israeli partners and partners
all across the region and the world from
the moment this Crisis began we're
surging additional military systems
including ammunition and interceptors to
replenish Iron
Dome we're going to make sure that
Israel does not run out of these
critical assets to defend its cities and
its
citizens h