President Biden offered his condolences
today to the family of an American
Israeli soldier who is now confirmed
dead that's according to Israeli
officials the president had met with the
family of eai hen at the White House in
December and said today no one should
have to endure even one day of what
they've gone through we get more now
from cbs's Chris Liv say in
Jerusalem itai hen was only 19 a life
cut short by the Hamas Massacre of
October 7th when he was serving in an
Israeli tank unit the Israeli American
was long thought to have been taken
Alive by Hamas among more than 240
hostages earlier in the War CBS News
spoke to the parents his father Ruby
carrying an hourglass to remind the
world that time was running out my just
Mom that wants her son back home where
he belongs the most frustating question
that you could ask yourself when you are
exhausted and before you fall asleep you
ask yourself have I been productive have
I moved my sons released an inch an inch
forward I they became outspoken
activists pressuring prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu to reach a ceasefire
deal and leaders around the world not to
forget those trapped in hamas's tunnels
do whatever they can bring our loved
ones back home today Israel announced
new intelligence revealed only their
son's body had been taken hostage killed
on October oober 7th an emotional
National Security adviser Jake Sullivan
recalled conversations with his family
this hits hard for us this news that
leaves five Americans still presumed
alive among
134 hostages in Gaza Tai hen's bereaved
parents say they will continue to fight
for their
return and they're also fighting to get
their son's body back it's still
considered a hostage as well as a Hamas
bargaining chip his parents say they
won't hold a funeral for a tie until
they get it back Nora we are thinking of
them Chris Liv say thank you