Israel says it has destroyed Hamas
command in Northern Gaza and that the
military group is now operating in the
area only sporadically and without
commanders despite us and EU officials
visiting the Middle East tensions
continue to flare in the region is has
more the Israeli military said Sunday
that it has destroyed Hamas command in
Northern Gaza adding that the Army has
killed at least 8,000 militants in the
area
according to Israel Defense Forces
spokesperson Daniel hagari Hamas is now
operating in the area only sporadically
and without commanders he added that
they are now focusing on dismantling the
militant group in Southern and Central
Gaza despite visits by diplomatic
leaders from the US and the EU tensions
in the Middle East continue to rise with
reciprocal attacks between Israel and
lebanon's pro-iran armed faction
Hezbollah according to Reuters and CNN
Hezbollah announced that it fired 62
missiles at Mount Marin Air Base in
Northern Israel on Saturday which it
called a response to the assassination
of senior Hamas leader in Beirut last
week the Israeli military said Sunday
that it responded to the attacks by
deploying fighter jets to bomb hola
facilities in southern Lebanon US
Secretary of State Tony blinkin and high
representative of the European Union for
foreign affairs and security policy
Joseph Bell made trips to the Middle
East as they tried to quell detentions
the region meanwhile the Qatari prime
minister says the assassination of a
high-ranking Hamas official s a aruri in
bayut last week affected efforts to
mediate a ceasefire between Israel and
Hamas however the Prime Minister vowed
to continue mediation efforts Hamas
halted all ceasefire and hostage release
negotiations with Israel after the death
of its senior leader a number of Hamas
officials including aruri were killed in
a drone attack in Beirut Us official
have pointed to Israel for conducting
the attack isang news