shifting Focus now six months since the
last Terror wave and subsequent security
operations erupt Israel and the
Palestinian territories people are on
Alert in this Jewish New Year Festival
season our Middle East correspondent
Jody Cohen reports
this is hollon just outside of Tel Aviv
the scene of another suspected terror
attack
the victim was 84 year old
shulamitovadia who was killed by blows
to the Head
the suspect's 28-year-old Musa Sasso was
in Israel legally to work and was found
dead by apparent suicide the following
morning
with the heads of the shin bets saying
they have thwarted over 300 significant
Terror attacks so far this year security
officials are warning of an expected
uptick in violence with the Jewish
festivals this month for many people
this involves going on a pilgrimage to
Jerusalem and for some to the Temple
mount
also known as the Alexa compounds the
site is Holy to Muslims and Jews
non-muslims can visit the site at
certain times and statistics from an
organization called bayardinu which
promotes visits to the site said visitor
numbers had nearly doubled in the past
year
however the Israeli government insists
it is upholding the status quo of not
permitting non-muslims to pray at the
site
in a bids to prevent attacks during the
holiday season Israel will close its
border crossings during the upcoming
festivals except for humanitarian cases
Hamas has threatened violence over
Jewish visits to the Temple Mount over
the high holidays
the Palestinian Authority and Israel
have been at loggerheads blaming each
other for the failing security situation
the reality on the ground however is
that the PA and Israel need each other
in order to maintain security
cooperation and uphold the status quo
and in an attempt to reduce tensions
Israel's prime minister lapid and
Jordan's King Abdullah met at the unga
to discuss the security situation this
is Jody Cohen for we on world as one
we are now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move