it's day three of Israel's ground
invasion of Gaza and the offensive is
escalating in this phase two of the war
Israel has not just intensified its air
strikes but anti-tank missiles have been
pounding hamas's observation post the
big question how long will this
offensive last and what's likely to
happen next India today's sharur is in
the war zone he files this latest
dispatch
looms of black smoke Rises over Gaza
Strip as Israel intensifies its air and
ground
attack IDF tanks and fighter jets
pounded Gaza relentlessly after Israel
expanded its ground
operations the Israeli forces have
claimed that they have struck over 450
military targets linked to Hamas in
Gaza
it's day three of Israel's big ground
operation against the Hamas in the Gaza
Strip from here just 2 and 1 half
kilometers from northern Gaza we can
hear artillery pounding we can see jets
continuing to Circle and the intensity
of the combat increasing the Israeli
Defense Forces have told us uh that 600
air strikes in the last 24 hours make it
one of the most aggressive days so far
in which multiple Hamas targets have
been uh
destroyed Israel is set to intensify its
ground
assaults the war is likely to last
longer than
anticipated we continue to fight in Gaza
we are proceeding with the stages of the
war according to an organized plan the
IDF is expanding its ground operations
in the Gaza Strip gradually and the size
of its forces it will take time we will
know how to adapt ourselves to the
developments in the order to face the
goals of the war
Israel's chief of general staff
leftenant General hery Hali met soldiers
on Sunday where he declared their focus
remains dismantling
Hamas this is a war with multiple stages
today we move to the next one our forces
are currently operating on the ground in
the Gaza Strip these activities are
being supported by precise and heavy
fire all in service of the objectives
dismantling Hamas securing our borders
and the Supreme effort to return the
hostages
home as Israel skills up attacks Hamas
is firing rockets at Israel most of them
foiled by the iron doome air defense
Shield thousands have lost their lives
in Gaza since the war broke out after
the horrific Hamas terror attack on
October
7 Gaza is bracing for the worst and
probably the bloodiest phase of War
ever with Shiva in Israel Bureau report
India
today