the war in the Gaza Strip continues
Israel has continued with its campaign
of founding the Gaza Strip with
increased intensity in its bombings now
the ongoing military offensive has
flattened large parts of not just
Northern Gaza but also enough Southern
Gaza 90% of all residents in the Gaza
Strip that is a population of about 2.3
million people have been uprooted from
their homes and here's the latest in
terms of what is unfolding at this
moment of the ground
the Israeli military has released a
video footage of its operations in the
Gaza Strip where operations are being
conducted across Gaza City and also in
the jabalia refugee camp which houses
the enclave's largest refugee
camp the Palestinian Health Ministry has
said that nearly about
19,000 Palestinians in the Gaza Strip
have been killed in this campaign of
Relentless bombing by the Israelis
Israeli tanks and war planes have
intensified their campaign of bombing
the Gaza Strip the IDF is now focusing
on the southern cities of Khan Yunis and
Rafa on the same day the Israeli
military is also said that it has
attacked a Hamas Command Post in the
Gaza Strip the air strikes were carried
out on Targets near the border between
the Gaza Strip and
Egypt meanwhile hamas's alasam brigades
have launched at least about six Rockets
into Israel three rockets were
intercepted by the Iron
Dome the lorries with some Aid was seen
driving in from the Rafa Border Crossing
into the Gaza Strip and this comes as
the United States continues to push
Israel to allow for more Aid into the
Gaza Strip Israel has also said that it
would open a second entry point to speed
up the deliveries but people on the
ground say that the aid is only
trickling in and this is nothing more
than a drop in the ocean for the kind of
suffering that the people in the Gaza
Strip are
undergoing
Von is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move