Israel stepped up air strikes across
Gaza As It prepares for a ground
Invasion the Israeli leadership has
vowed to get rid of Hamas but the
casualties over in The Enclave continue
to mount the detto from Israeli air
strike since the 7th of October stands
at over 5 and a half th000 with over
2,000 children whove been killed
according to g gaza's health Ministry
The Enclave is on the verge of running
out of fuel and hospitals are at
breaking point we can now go across the
France 24s Andrew Hill standing by
Andrew the death tole continues to mount
over in Gaza and Israel's military have
accused Hamas of setting up
roadblocks yeah that's right earlier
today we heard from an Israeli military
spokesperson who accused Hamas of using
road blocks in the Gaza Strip to prevent
civilians from uh fleeing South Daniel
hagari said that the Israeli military uh
hit those roadblocks in air strikes now
we can't uh independently verify that
information whether or not they were
indeed roadblocks but Daniel hagari then
addressed gazin directly telling them
that Hamas was exploiting them he said
that Hamas was using schools and
hospitals as hiding places uh in the
meantime the UN says that fuel uh is uh
running out for hospitals in the Gaza
Strip uh it says that supplies could dry
up as soon as uh tonight we know that
onethird of hospitals have already
stopped uh running and that's because
they've already ran out of fuel Israel
of course cut off electricity in the
aftermath of those attacks on October uh
7th and of course hospitals uh since
then have been dependent on backup
generators which uh themselves rely on
fuel to run so there is a serious health
crisis looming in the Gaza Strip Israel
for its part says there is fuel but that
Hamas is stockpiling it Hamas denies
those claims and whatever the truth of
the matter it's ordinary civilians who
are caught up in the middle