Wembley Arch has become the national
symbol of solidarity here mourning with
France and Belgium after Terror attacks
and Ukraine after the invasion by
Russia but unlike other London landmarks
it will not be illuminated in the colors
of the Israeli flag after last
Saturday's Hamas
Massacre instead before England host
Australia on Friday night there will be
a moment of silence to remember Israeli
and Palestinian victims it's one of the
most complex
um situations in in the world um and I
think everybody is grappling with how
best to deal with that
um I don't know what it's like to walk
in the shoes of people on either sides
of that conflict the plan was formed
after almost a week of Silence by
football leaders days of discussions
left the Football Association having to
navigate being consistent with past
commemorations here and the complexities
of commenting on the bloodiest
escalation in decades ades in a long
running conflict ultimately they
attempted to come up with a Nuance
position that honors all victims while
at the same time Banning any fans
bringing Palestinian or Israeli Flags
into the stadium on Friday night
Palestinian flags have been displayed
prominently by players at games in
England the fa is recognizing those
killed in Gaza after Israel's military
retaliation as well as more than 1,300
Israeli victims of the Hamas atrocities
but the board of deputies of British
Jews called the fa's response weak for
not mentioning what it calls the mass
terrorist murders of hundreds of
innocent Israelis for a former head of
English football the tributes announced
seem inadequate I think it's a matter of
whether you've got the common human
decency to recognize the pain and the
suffering that people have gone through
and understand it immediately they're
doing everything too late Banning the
flags makes complete sense to me because
what you certainly don't want is a
disruptive politic demonstration in a
stadium lighting the arch would have
done it it's a very very clear clear
signal last year England did pose with a
Ukraine flag but now they're avoiding
taking sides in a conflict however
divisive that is to some Rob Harris Sky
News Wembley