we now move
further to the Israel Hamas War Israel's
National Planning and Building Council
approves the advanced plans for more
than 3,500 new homes and settlements in
the West Bank now the approval it comes
as a response to a West Bank attack that
happened nearly 2 weeks ago but during
that attack at least one Israeli was
killed and 11 were injured about 70% of
the homes will be built in Mali adumim
east of Jerusalem with the rest in
nearby Kar and eph which are south of
Bethlehem higher planning committee of
the Civil Administration approved
Advanced plans for the development with
over 2400 in Mali adumim at least 690 in
ephat and 330 in kedar this is the first
time since June that the development of
housing units in the West Bank have
advanced however the Palestinian
Authority condemned them Israel has
built about 160 settlements housing some
700,000 Jews since it occupied the West
Bank and East Jerusalem in the 1960 1967
mid East War the V majority of the
International Community considers the
settlements illegal under international
law although Israel disputes
it Israeli Prime Minister Benin
netanyahu's far-right government has
promoted the settlements causing
friction with one of the country's key
allies the United States which is also T
aviv's biggest backer in his ongoing war
with Hamas now in February US Secretary
of State Anthony Lincoln said that
Washington deemed West Bank settlements
inconsistent with international law
reverting to a US position that had been
overturned by the administration of
former president Donald Trump blink's
statement came after us sanctioned four
Israeli settlers in the start of
February it's not just the US France
announced s sanctions against 28 Israeli
settlers who made accused of committing
human rights abuses against Palestinian
civilians then the United Kingdom joined
the list as well and announced sanctions
on four Israeli
settlers 2023 was an exception in terms
of promoting construction plans in the
West Bank over 12,000 housing units were
approved or advanced in the planning
phase last year an Israeli
non-governmental organization estimates
that this is the highest number since
the signing of the Oslo
[Music]
Accords