there was fighting and shelling right up
until the last minutes before this pause
came into effect as a matter of fact for
about 20 minutes after it came into
effect but since then things have been
calm there are no sounds of shelling but
smoke still hangs over Gaza on the
ground there were some Israeli tanks
seen leaving returning to Israel this is
the first pause in the fighting on what
is the 48th day of the conflict now the
calm is being felt on the streets some
gsin who left the North are this morning
returning the Israeli Army is telling
people not to go back it's dropped
leaflets telling people to stay in the
South that the war is not over people
are making the trip
anyway this man says he wants to see his
home he left without clothes or money
and wants to pick some things
up now at the other end of the strip
Palestinians who've been stuck outside
Gaza in Egypt for the first time they're
being allowed in there are also Aid
trucks moving in as well Egypt says it
should be about 200 trucks a day now the
next part of this humanitarian pause is
the prisoner exchange Hamas is supposed
to hand over 13 women and children to
the Red Cross they will then be turned
over to Israeli soldiers Palestinian
officials say that will then trigger the
release of prisoners being held by
Israel on day one that should be 24
women and 15 teenage males they're
expected to be released from this prison
in the West Bank north of
Jerusalem now both sides have said the
fighting will pick up again when the
4-day pause expires but in the meantime
they'll respect the temporary ceasefire
but just in case there's a problem lines
of communication have been set up if
there's a shooting or some sort of a
breach of the deal there is a mechanism
to deescalate and walk things back Mike
Armstrong Global News
Jerusalem