and remember blinkin has already visited
Israel earlier and other countries in
the Middle East so this is a revisit
then with the day 28 being touched by
the Israel Hamas War Israel continues to
pound Gaza bombarding constantly now
they in operation to wipe out Hamas
bombardment has intensified in the Gaza
Strip IDF has attacked The Enclave from
the ground airc and worsening but
thereby the crisis in Gaza that has hit
many innocent civilians too but for
Israel also it's facing a multif front
War has from Lebanon Hamas from
Palestine and from Gaza Strip
specifically are launching constantly
massive rocket attack on Northern Israel
from South Lebanon too dozens of rockets
have been fired into the town of Kira in
Israel these are some of the images also
released by the Israeli Army showing
soldiers and we'll run that image now of
soldiers heading into deeper into the
strip satellite imagery shows idef
advances across the border into
Northwestern Gaza near the Mediterranean
Sea into the northern strip as well
meanwhile some of those uh Rockets from
Hamas that has hit Israel or from
Hezbollah that has hit Israel this is
what happened in a town in Israel now
the White House is also concerned about
attacks on Israeli forces by Hezbollah
which is a different front in Lebanon
bagged by Iran as they exchange fire
violence also spikes at the Lebanese
border with Israeli Army us says Israel
has the right to defend itself amid this
escalation from all
France we're concerned about about uh
continued attacks on Israeli forces
there uh in the north as are the
Israelis um uh but I don't believe we've
seen any indication yet specifically
that Hezbollah is is uh ready to go in
full force so we'll see what he has to
say