the Pentagon has deployed two aircraft
carriers to the Eastern Mediterranean
the Ford carrier and the Eisenhower
carrier along with their supporting
ships Washington says these massive
warships are intended to send a message
to the region as War rages on between
its Ally Israel and iran-backed
Palestinian militants Hamas here's a
closer look at what that
means the Gerald R Ford carrier is the
US's newest aircraft carrier and the
world's largest it holds 5,000 Sailors a
nuclear reactor and an arsenal of
missiles used to counter drones and
aircraft it can also hold more than 75
military aircraft including fighter jets
and comes along with several supporting
warships the nuclear powerered Dwight
Eisenhower carrier strike group first
carried out operations during Iraq's
invasion of Kuwait it has 5,000 Sailors
and can carry carry up to nine squadrons
of aircraft like fighter jets
helicopters and those capable of
carrying out intelligence surveillance
and reconnaissance
operations the carriers would bolster
Washington's presence in a region that
already hosts a number of US military
ships planes and troops US Secretary of
State Anthony blinkin said on Sunday the
aircraft carriers are not meant to be a
provocation but a deterrence to ensure
the conflict does not expand throughout
the region defense secretary Lloyd
Austin called them a sign of quote are
resolved to deter any state or non-state
actor seeking to escalate this war but
it might not be seen that way to others
turkey a long supporter of a two-state
solution has said the ships are meant to
commit quote serious massacres in the
Gaza Strip and Iran has already
threatened significant damages to the US
should the war
escalate