the bombardment of Gaza didn't let up on
Saturday even in the wake of a deadly
mistake on Friday three Israeli hostages
held captive since October 7th were shot
and killed a terrible blunder which the
Israeli Defense Forces acknowledged
admitting their soldiers mistakenly
identified three kidnapped Israelis as a
threat published reports in Israel say a
military investigation has found the men
were bare chested and carrying a white
flag when they were shot all three men
were in their 20s they had somehow
escaped their C
when they were approaching a military
position in Gaza
City in Israel the news was another blow
for the families of hostages who live in
Hope and fear my reaction first of all
was grief these are families that I know
personally and people that have been
waiting so hopefully for their loved
ones to
return hundreds of protesters blocked a
main Highway in Tel Aviv calling for the
hostages
return while more than a 100 hostage mes
have been released a similar number are
still missing many families want
negotiations not more fighting to get
their loved ones back and put the best
offer on the table to get the hostages
back
alive
alive we don't want them back in bags
there is a need to just stop and and
talk the head of the Palestinian
delegation to Canada says it's time for
Israel to stop its military action in
Gaza the way Israel is portraying um its
war on Hamas uh is not really a war on
Hamas it's a war on the Palestinian
People Israel says it's targeting Hamas
not civilians insisting the group's
Fighters intentionally use civilians as
cover this week Canada joined Australia
and New Zealand at the United Nations
voting for what it called an immediate
humanitarian ceasefire but that
ceasefire can't be
one-sided Hamas needs to lay down its
arms Hamas needs to free all the
hostages they have right now The
Accidental deaths of the hostages at the
hands of the military has family members
watching the clock more closely we have
no time that's what my clock that I took
to the United States an meeting says we
have no time sha oay Global News Toronto