the destruction on display in Israeli
cities has come as a terrible shock to
residents here in Tel Aviv Rockets fired
by militant group Hamas slammed into
apartments and residential
streets but the psychological impact is
worse hundreds of Israelis were killed
in a bloody day of fighting many of them
civilian shot at home on their farms in
their communities it is an unthinkable
Calamity for the state of
Israel in stot militants Gunn down
people on city streets an implausible
breach of security for
residents to see terrorists shooting
from all over just shooting and killing
innocent civilians that's something
abnormal in Israel where 's the Army
where's the
government in an intense battle Israeli
forces have retaken sto's police station
killing at least 10 militants in the
process but an army spokesman said they
were still fighting in eight other
locations Israel's Defense Force has
recalled 10,000 reserves many now
operational in southern Israel and the
Prime Minister Benyamin netan Yahoo said
the military would soon turn to
offensive
operations all the places where Hamas
hides and operates from we will turn
them into cities of ruins I say to the
residents of Gaza get out of there now
because we will act everywhere and with
all
strength but residents of Gaza cannot
avoid the
conflict because there's no way to leave
this overpopulated strip and it has been
targeted with more than 400 Israeli air
strikes local officials say 13
residential tower blocks have been
destroyed an unknown number of Israelis
are being held in Gaza captured by the
militants during the assault their
safety will complicate Israel's
response and Sky News understands that
two British men are missing including
26-year-old Jake Marlo he was at a music
festival in southern Israel and has not
been heard from since yesterday and a
Britain serving in the Israeli Army has
lost his life 20-year-old natanel Young
from London was killed on the Gaza
border according to his
family the Israeli Prime Minister warns
of a long and difficult War with an
armed incursion into Gaza considered
likely the prospect of Peace looks dim
John Sparks Sky News