there is late word tonight President
Biden saying late today that there is
now hope for a ceasefire between Israel
and Hamas within Days by next Monday it
comes amid a horrific scene outside the
Israeli Embassy in Washington DC a US
Airman setting himself on fire here's
Pier
Thomas tonight in a rare and horrifying
Act of protest reminiscent of the days
of the Vietnam War an active duty us
Airman setting himself on fire over the
growing death toll in Gaza this call we
just got a man on fire that man
identified as 25-year-old Aaron Bushnell
from San Antonio live streaming himself
Sunday outside of the gates of the
Israeli Embassy in Washington because of
its explicit nature ABC News is not
showing the actual video in it Bushnell
says quote I will no longer be complicit
in genocide I'm about to engage in an
extreme Act of protest moments later
Bushnell puts his phone down pours a
liquid over his head and lights himself
a fire screaming Free Palestine he falls
to the ground engulfed in flames First
Responders using fire extinguishers to D
the Flames but it was too late Bushnell
later
died the stunning scene in Washington
coming amid chaotic scenes in Gaza a
massive crowd swarming this
beach desperate for food and supplies
air dropped by Jordan just extraordinary
images today let's bring in Pierre live
in Washington tonight Pier I wanted to
get back to what the president said late
today in fact just before we came on the
A tonight President Biden now saying
that he is hopeful for a ceasefire in
Gaza within days David just a short time
ago the president said he's hoping a
ceasefire deal will be in place by next
Monday Israel now agreeing to the
framework for a Siege fire six we Siege
fire in exchange for dozens of hostages
including Americans but David no
response yet from Hamas Pier Thomas in
Washington thank you
Pierre hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more vide show highlights and watch
live event coverage click on the right
over here to subscribe to our Channel
and don't forget to download the ABC
News app for breaking news alerts thanks
for
watching