outside court talks between ben and
juries and its parent company unilever
have broken down with both parties
failing to reach an agreement over a
dispute regarding sales to west bank
settlers as the self-imposed deadline on
negotiation passes
according to media reports the impasse
in the negotiations continued as ben and
jerry's does not want to cave on its
social mission and stance on palestinian
human rights and the dispute will likely
be taken to court for a judge to decide
but company sources suggest that both
unilever and ben juries may still try
and reach an agreement on their own
during the mediation unilever ceo alan
jope has insisted that ben and jerry's
long-term future is squarely as part of
unilever and that there was plenty for
ben and jerry's to get their teeth into
in their social justice mission without
straying into geopolitics
remember last month u.s ice cream
business ben and jerry's has now filed a
lawsuit in the states against unilever
over its decision to sell the operations
in israel which would allow sales of its
ice cream products in the west bank
settlements to continue unilever is
looking to sell the ben and juries to
avi zinger and his company american
quality products
after ben and jerry announced that it
would cease sales in the western bank
due to the alleged human rights
violations by israel in the area
which had infuriated israel and exposed
unilever to a flood of sanctions and
legal troubles now the decision prompted
a backlash from then-israel prime
minister naftali bennett and led to
accusations of anti-semitism
we are now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move