according to a Syrian report Israel
allegedly struck the sherat air base in
Northeast Syria near the city of homes
killing two soldiers and wounding three
others Reports say Russian soldiers were
also close to the air base which was
attacked a correspondent Jody Cohen sent
us this report take a look
the target of the airstrikes was
reportedly a Runway at an air base that
had recently been used by forces from
Iran
the attack comes days after a convoy was
struck near the Syria Iraq border
targeting fuel trucks and what's thought
to have been weapons being transferred
from Iran to Hezbollah in Lebanon a
claim which the Hezbollah deny
social media images appear to reveal a
big ball of flames as well as secondary
explosions following the initial strike
there has been no comments from Israel
on these airstrikes or the accusations
by Syria that Israel is responsible for
them
Israel generally does not comment on its
alleged activities in Syria although it
has suggested in the past that it has
carried out hundreds of sorties against
iran-backed targets to stop their
entrenchment in Syria which borders
Israel
meanwhile the Israel Defense Forces will
be carrying out what it says is a
pre-planned military drill this week in
the Golan Heights on the Syrian border
there's also potentially another Factor
here Russian soldiers are stations near
the Syrian Air Base that was targeted
and reportedly the runway has been
expanded in recent years remember that
by and large Russia controls Syrian
airspace and Israel and Russia
coordinate on airstrikes despite
increasing ties between Russia and Iran
and increasing Russia Israel tensions
over the war in Ukraine it remains to be
seen what this latest reported strike
means for israel-russia relations or
iran-russia relations going forward this
is Jody Cohen for weon world as one
[Music]