Palestinian journalist Sam Shada was
interviewing evacuees fleeing Israeli
strikes and he came under
attack he is one of three journalists
injured by Israeli strikes in this
neighborhood of darl balah in central
Gaza we were covering the displacement
and evacuation of residents from an area
of the new camp north of Alat camp we
filmed some interviews and rushes but
unfortunately we were standing at
Crossroads where a group of us were
targeted at least five people killed in
what Israeli forces described as
targeted operations on the camp 140
Palestinian journalists have been killed
since October the 7th and dozens wounded
Shada lost his foot more than 6 months
into Israel's war journalists wearing
breast vests just like Aid workers in
branded Vehicles continue to be victims
of Israel's
Onslaught Israel's war has turned Gaza
into a near total
Battlefield in a moment of quiet
children have nowhere to turn but to the
rubble from past attacks to a place to
play we built this game because all of
our toys have been destroyed and our
houses have been destroyed and there's
nothing left for us to play with except
for this pipe these children are never
too far away from danger
on the ground or from the
sky with media officers facing white sa
destruction in Gaza journalists in The
Enclave have increasingly sought refuge
in hospitals media Watchdogs have warned
that assaults on hospitals have further
restricted the ability of oppressed to
work safely they have been calling for
an independent grope into Israel's
deliberate targeting of journalists D
abzun Al jazer Rafa Souther and Gaza
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer