mr. Bert revealed the weapons and the
bullet Israel snipers and Israeli forces
stationed belong defend the separate
Gaza speak with Israel have been using
against peaceful protesters for more
than ten months right now documenting
and reporting all the crimes that
Israeli committed against the protesters
were actually huge you can't imagine the
fact that Israeli forces have been
targeting bullet that injured more than
two Palestinian protesters for instance
last Friday the the the child that was
killed was killed with the bullet that
injured from his chest out from his back
out from his chest and injured another
leg of another protester and the Israeli
forces have been actually using lethal
excessive force against Palestinian
protesters and the Israeli authorities
state that they are not going through
any human rights and human rights are
not implemented on the Palestinian
protest that has been going along with
the fence so if you go now any
Palestinian hospital in the Gaza Strip
all you see is people with amputations
with external fixators okay are in
severe need for a medical treatment
right and in just I mean what has been
the response so far from the Palestinian
territories well the Palestinians are
very angry because no one is moving
towards the fact that the Palestinians
are only defending and calling for their
basic rights and their basic needs
twelve years of blockade but are they
are they happy that these this report
has come out from the UN well well
hundreds of records have been going on
since the last year and hundreds of
reports are condemning Israeli act but
what is implemented on the ground people
are not are not happy with anything
because these are only slogans being
spread
on the internet or spread on news
agencies but who is actually taking a
step forward to stop this pilot who's
doing anything no one so that's a
Palestinians are completely depressed
are completely fascinated and they're
not looking for anything else than
someone intervening and flopping on the
violation
[Music]