in a first the UN has adopted an
immediate resolution as far as ceasefire
is in Gaza is concerned an immediate
ceasefire resolution for Gaza the UNC
has adopted this crucial resolution but
what's also important is that the US has
abstained from voting on this resolution
Vishal Vive is now joining us live on
the broadcast so Vishal this is a key
resolution though there have been
several water down versions of the of of
a similar resolution in the past as well
but a call for an immediate ceasefire in
Gaza extremely crucial by the US
abstaining that's right V this is the
first time the UNC has adopted such a
resolution uh ever since the war started
about six months ago so this is a big
deal as far as the war is concerned uh
it all now boils down to both Israel and
Hamas uh so getting back to the
resolution while the UNC resolution is
legally binding it it's sort of an
international law but but it still you
know remains to be seen whether Israel
or Hamas will pay heed to un un's words
uh un can say a few uh strong words but
it does not really have the you know
right to intervene the War uh so that
remains to be seen even then it's a big
deal uh first time the US has abstained
uh up until now the US had vetoed
similar resolution about three times so
this is a a sort of a shift from from uh
the policy that the US had adopted ever
since the war started even though us is
saying it's not uh a shift in policy but
Israel has interpreted it in that way
and cancelled its you know delegations
visit to the US which is supposed to
begin uh um on Monday uh us time so that
remains to be seen whether anyone from
Israel actually goes to the US That was
supposed to be H sort of a bridge
between us and Israel as far as the
recent relations are concerned that
visit was supposed to be uh you know uh
some sort of uh uh us and Israel both
had recently you know they had been uh
there was few problems between both the
count so this visit was supposed to
solve those problems now that the VIS
visit won't happen that will be a big
deal