Israel's far-right national security
minister itamar bengvir has visited the
aksa mosque compound in occupied East
Jerusalem bengvir visited the third
holiest site in Islam surrounded by
heavily armed security forces his
planned visit was slammed by Israeli
opposition parties and Palestinians who
warned it was a deliberate provocation
only Muslims are allowed to pray at the
site and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu had tried to convince
spangavir not to visit the compound
well itomar bengvir who heads the
far-right Jewish strength party is the
national security minister in the
coalition government headed by Benjamin
Netanyahu the new government is
considered the country's most far-right
religiously conservative government in
history bengavere's early career started
in 2009 when he became a parliamentary
assistant for a far-right lawmaker in
2021 he co-founded the ultra nationalist
otsma yehudik party which calls for a
one-state solution including the
annexation of the occupied West Bank and
complete Israeli rule in that Year's
elections bangers party managed to enter
the Israeli Parliament by merging with
another religious Zionist party in a
deal brokered by then prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu the United list got
six seats in the knesset including
bengvir he has become known for
controversy and called for Palestinian
citizens to be expelled if they're not
loyal to Israel he also displayed on his
wall a picture of Baruch Goldstein a
gunman who massacred 29 Palestinians in
Hebron in 1994. last year benvear opened
a makeshift office in the occupied East
Jerusalem neighborhood of Sheikh jarah
where Jewish settlers are seeking to
evict several Palestinian families