we are just a few miles north of the uh
northern border that Gaza has with
Israel and what we have behind me is the
most extraordinary buildup of Israeli
heavy armor on The High Ground over
there I've counted at least 40 Israeli
tanks but there are two columns of them
stretching well Beyond the Horizon so
it's impossible to say how many more
there are over there there also armored
personnel carriers um and D9 bulldozers
over there those are the armored
bulldozers the Israelis use to punch
their way through uh busy residential
areas densely populated areas of Gaza
and I think that gives a sense of what
the gazans have coming there's also the
Roar of fighter jets overhead uh as they
continue their aerial bombardment of
Gaza and there are dugout areas here
they're digging out with other
bulldozers presumably to give some some
kind of cover and protection to the
artillery they're going to bring in
which they will also use to pound at
Gaza what is striking about this is a
the numbers I've covered Middle Eastern
WS for getting on for two decades I've
never seen this amount of heavy armor
Israeli heavy armor in one place but
also in previous operations that they've
carried out out in Gaza they have kept
the media well away from the tanks at
least for the first few days here
they're quite happy for us to film and
clearly this is a deliberate show of
force what the Israelis have said this
morning in their briefing is that they
are going to be responding very
aggressively uh in Gaza to what Hamas
has done and that this is a game changer
it's a war that will be again changer
and clearly from what we're seeing here
they mean that and it gives a very clear
sense I think of what is to come what is
going to be a punishing very difficult
Conflict for Israelis but for the gazan
civilians living in densely populated
areas in Northern Gaza and
Beyond the sight of this coming their
way must be
terrifying