we have a deadline uh by the end of uh
uh midnight and after that you know
Israel uh is uh threatening of uh uh
going further uh the destruction the
bombardment the killing of Palestinians
especially in the south of uh of of
and we have to do our atmost in order to
prevent that from
happening I welcome that the agreement
between Hamas and Israel has led to the
release of
hostages and the delivery of more
humanitarian
Aid I call for an extension of the pause
this would allow for much needed relief
to the people of Gaza and release of
more
hostages the suffering we have seen
underlines the need for a lasting
political
[Music]
solution
Sol
Poli we agreed that there should be no
more killing so call it a humanitarian
POS call it a ceasefire call it whatever
you want to call it as long as the
killing stops that's important we all
agreed that humanitarian International
humanitarian law must be respected we
all agreed that enough supplies should
enter Gaza and all of Gaza not just the
south of Gaza the north of Gaza as well
there are people who are still suffering
there un
for
it's important that we have a ceasefire
immediately that we build on the current
truce that is in place we must ensure
more access for humanitarian Goods 170
trucks is not enough we need to end this
conflict now thank
you we want all hostages back home now
so whatever whatever it takes and as as
long as we keep on getting them back
home I want the ceasefire to continue
and I want to do whatever is needed to
have all of them back
home you know when you you strike deals
when you have some mutual interest and
uh as long as Hamas has an interest to
get ceasefire because of military
pressure or other reasons they will be
able they will be paying for that if you
will with with the hostages and to get
the ceasefire so uh um I I'm optimistic
it will be extended uh at least for now
as long as they can provide hostages
[Music]
back
sign