[Music]
hello you are watching as Ai and I'm AI
Anor saana I will introduce to the big
news of the world let's have a look at
the international headlines according to
BM TV a teacher was killed with a knife
on Friday in a school in the city of
Aras in northern France a knife attack
was confirmed by the neighborhood police
the attacker according to local
authorities was taken into custody
police were unable to corroborate media
reports that the attacker yelled ahu
abbar a police investigation is taking
place in a school according to French
interior Minister Gerald dman Israel has
ordered the evacuation of civilians from
Gaza prior to its ongoing operations
Israeli forces have instructed civilians
to move towards Southern Gaza from the
north and avoid approaching Israeli
border fences as they will launch major
operations against Hamas terrorists
there Israeli forces plan to launch air
strikes and ground assaults on Hamas
locations in Gaza citing 150 hostages
taken by Hamas terrorists who Israel
will not lift its Siege until they are
released Israeli defense minister yov
gallant and other military leaders met
us defense secretary Lloyd Austin in Tel
Aviv hours after US state Secretary
Anthony blinkin arrived in Israel as day
seven of the Israel Hamas conflict began
Russian President Vladimir Putin has
criticized Israeli military demands for
over 1 million Gaza City civilians to
relocate South within 24 hours stating
that heavy Weaponry use in residential
areas would led to unacceptable civilian
casualties and emphasize the need to
stop Bloodshed an Israeli Embassy
employee in Beijing was stabed he is now
receiving medical treatment at a
hospital and their condition is stable
the incident comes amid escalating
tensions between Israel and Hamas with
Hamas calling for a day of rage on
Friday in response Israelis and Jews
worldwide are advised to be on high
alert do tell us what you think about
this video in comment section and for
more news updates subscribe to AR
AI