nice to see you a fourth trip to a
region where little has changed in three
months that is except for the ever
Rising Palestinian death toll Anthony
blinkin sat down again with Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on
Tuesday we he looks betrayed the US
Secretary of State's latest impossible
mission to reign in the Israeli assault
on Gaza and keep alive hopes of a
Palestinian state blinkin was seemingly
under no Illusions about the scale of
his task on this trip speaking earlier
with Israeli president Isaac Herzog
blinkin said there was a lot to talk
about we greatly value uh the
president's leadership in these
incredibly challenging times for Israel
uh for countries in the region uh and
especially uh for people who continue to
suffer um I've just come from uh a
number of countries in the region uh
turkey uh Greece uh Jordan cter United
Arab Emirates Saudi Arabia and I want to
be able to share some of what I heard
from those Leaders with the president as
well as with the prime minister in the
cabinet later today we are very grateful
to you for your support and for your
steadfast commitment to Israel's safety
and to making sure that Israel wins this
war because it's a war that affects in
international values and the values of
the Free World I'm here linol later met
with Israeli defense minister yv galance
he'd also said after a meeting with
Israel's foreign minister there were
real opportunities for Israel's
integration in the Middle East that came
with what could be a crucial warning
though that Israel needs first to get
through a very challenging moment how
exactly it does that just days ahead of
an international court of justice charge
of genocide remains to be seen Jo world