meanwhile the United Nations security
Council has approved the much delayed
resolution on the Gaza Strip This
remember is not a resolution demanding
for an immediate cease far this is about
asking for more Aid to be allowed into
the Gaza Strip there was a negotiation
there was a debate and there was a vote
about more Aid being brought into the
Gaza Strip at the UNC and what is
important to highlight is that the
United States chose to abstain even on
this resolution the water down
resolution called for speeding up of Aid
deliveries to the desperate civilians in
Gaza Strip who've been for well over 2
and a half months been cut off from all
supplies of food water electricity and
other fuel
supplies now this resolution did not ask
for a Seas far the resolution urges for
the creation of quote unquote conditions
for a sustainable cessation of
hostilities but it has not called for an
immediate end to the fighting in the 15
member Security Council 13 of the
Nations backed the resolution while two
abstained and these two nations were the
United States and
Russia as it expressed disappointment
with a change of language in the draft
and pressed the need to support what was
initially proposed by the United Arab
Emirates delegation the initial draft
remember had called for an urgent and a
sustainable cessation of hostilities to
allow for Aid access the United States
and Israel remember have opposed flatly
opposed A SE far saying that a SE far
would actually benefit Hamas
and let's be clear Hamas has no interest
in a lasting peace Hamas is determined
to repeat the horrors of October 7th
over and over and over again and that is
why the United States supports Israel's
right to protect its people from acts of
Terror Hamas is called the resolution is
simply
insufficient for meeting with the needs
of Gaza however the West Bank based
Palestinian Authority has called the
resolution a step probably in the right
direction it is said that this may help
end the aggression as well as ensure the
arrival of Aid and protect the
Palestinian
people Von is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the move