it is important to also recognize the
attacks by amas did not happen in a
vacuum I think that the Secretary
General must resign the Palestinian
people have been subjected to 56 years
of suffocating occupation how can the
Secretary General in with his words
justify in any way the terrible
atrocities that happened to our
civilians innocent
civilians
[Music]
concerned about the clear violations of
international humanitarian law that we
are witnessing in
[Music]
Gaza
[Music]
[Music]
go
it is important to also recognize the
attacks by amas did not happen in a
vacuum the Palestinian people have been
subjected to 56 years of suffocating
occupation they have seen their land
steadily divor by settlements and
plagued by violence they economy
stiffled their people displaced and
their homes
demolished their hopes for a political
solution to their plight have been
Vanishing but the Grievances of the
Palestinian people cannot justify the
appalling attacks by amas and those
appalling attacks cannot justify the
collective punishment of the Palestinian
[Music]
people
I'm deeply concerned about the clear
violations of international humanitarian
law that we are witnessing in
Gaza let me be clear no party to an
armed conflict is above International
humanitarian
law
[Music]
I think that the Secretary General must
resign because from now on every day
that he is here in this building unless
he apologizes immediately today we
called him to AP oliz there's no
justification to the existence of this
building this building was prevent was
was established to prevent atrocities
how can the Secretary General in with
his words justify in any way the
terrible atrocities that happened to our
civilians innocent
civilians
[Music]
[Music]
I
[Music]
[Music]