Hollywood came together to honor itself
on a night when the world around it is
at War demonstrators gathered near the
event calling for a ceasefire in Gaza
their presence was felt and not only
because the protests delayed Los Angeles
traffic and actors inside were artists
for ceasefire pins to show they support
an end to Israel's assault Ramy Yousef
who plays a supporting role in the film
poor things told variety what the symbol
meant we're call for immediate permanent
ceasefire in Gaza we're calling for
peace and Justice lasting Justice for
the people of Palestine uh and I think
it's a universal message of just let's
stop killing
kids but on the Oscars stage real wars
those ongoing and those in the past were
a constant
theme the zone of Interest a stark
historical portra
of the domestic life of an architect of
the Holocaust W for best International
feature
film its director Jonathan Glazer used
his moment to highlight the horrors of
the present right now we stand here as
men who refute their jewishness and the
Holocaust being hijacked by an
occupation which has led to Conflict for
so many innocent people whether the
victims of
[Applause]
October whether the victims of October
the 7th in Israel or the ongoing attack
on Gaza all the victims of this
dehumanization War took home the award
for non-fiction someone once told me 20
days in Mar opal a tense film about
journalists covering the early days of
Russia's war on Ukraine behind the front
lines one best
documentary and it was War and the
question of how to remember its worst
extremes that was the subject of the
film that ga GED the most Awards in
total best picture director actor and
four other trophies went to Oppenheimer
until they've used it we made a film
about the man who created the atomic
bomb and For Better or For Worse we're
all living in oppenheimer's world so I
would really like to dedicate this to
the peacemakers everywhere with so many
bloody conflicts raging far from
Hollywood it's not clear who can play
that role in the real world Wilson dard
Al
jazer