the
[Music]
the ceasefire talks between Israel and
Hamas have hit another stalemate citing
the hostage release which is now
becoming the biggest bone of
contention this has resulted in further
escalation of tensions between Israel
and Hamas the latest round of talks has
seen Palestinian islamist group Hamas
reject yet another ceasefire
proposal even after more than 6 months
of conflict Gaza negotiations remain at
a standstill with Hamas standing firm on
its demands for a resolution to the war
in a statement released on Saturday
Hamas announced its rejection of an
Israeli ceasefire proposal asserting its
unwavering commitment to the demands of
the Palestinian people the group
emphasized that any agreement must
include a permanent ceasefire the
complete withdrawal of Israeli forces
from Gaza the return of displaced
individuals to their homes increased
humanitarian Aid delivery and the
commencement of reconstruction efforts
despite mediation efforts by Egypt and
Qatar Hamas remains Resolute in its
stance signaling a continued deadlock in
negotiations with both sides unwilling
to compromise the prospect of a
resolution to the conflict remains
uncertain prolonging the suffering of
civilians
caught in the
crossfire hundreds of Palestinian
families Sheltering in central Gaza on
Sunday challenged the Israeli military
and began a perilous return trip to the
isolated northern part of the war torn
strip we want to return and live a
decent life for 6 months we have been
living in
humiliation we want to return to Gaza we
do not want anything
else Iran on the other hand launched
barrage missiles on Israel on Sunday as
per reports many Palestinians in Gaza
celebrated Iran's attack on Israel on
Sunday viewing it as a rare retaliation
for Israeli aggression against their
territory however some expressed
skepticism suggesting that teran's
assault may have been more for show than
causing significant damage as the cycle
of violence persists the International
Community watches closely hoping for a
breakthrough that will bring an end to
the hostilities and pave the way for
lasting peace in the region
[Music]
but