now israel seeks disbandment of a united
nations panel investigating its 2021 war
with palestine citing the alleged
remarks made by one of its members as
anti-semitic now on sunday israeli prime
minister yaya lapade wrote to the un
secretary general antonio gutierrez and
mentioned the comments made by un's
human rights council commissioner of
inquiry member milun kothari
he said and i'm quoting here we are very
disheartened by the social media that is
controlled largely by whether it is the
jewish lobby or its specific ngos a lot
of money is being thrown into trying to
discredit us
condemning the panel members remarks
lepade wrote these anti-semitic remarks
are a stain on the entire united nations
and are not befitting of a person with
such a position of responsibility he
further wrote that the commission has
been fundamentally tainted by the
publicly expressed prejudices of the
leadership and sought the immediate
removal of all three members now the
commission of inquiry investigating
abuses in israel and the palestinian
territories was created by the u.n human
rights council last year after an eleven
day war between israel and armed
terrorists in gaza israel has flatly
refused to cooperate with the commission
which has so far largely blamed israel
for its probes the decades-long conflict
qatari last week's remarks qatar's last
week's remarks questioning israel u.n
membership reignited long-time
allegations that the council is biased
against the jewish state
israel's ambassador in geneva on friday
hades the council's president to disband
the mission
to disband this commission several
ambassadors including from britain and
the united states have also expressed
outrage over the remarks however
commission chair navi pelay a former u.n
rights chiefs at qatari's comments were
deliberately taken out of context
lapid called police defense of qatari
false and charged that the commission
fuels anti-semitism
beyond is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move