Benny gance has met previously this year
with US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin but today's meeting with blinkin
in Washington and a stop at the Pentagon
amplifies riffs in the Israeli
government and the growing frustration
in the US Administration over the
ongoing attacks on Gaza gance also met
Monday with us vice president Kamala
Harris and tension is escalating as the
US appears to push Israel harder for at
least a temporary ceasefire in Gaza the
secretary also emphasized the need for
Israel to act urgently to enable the
delivery of humanitarian assistance to
Gaza and to improve the distribution of
that Aid inside Gaza while Aid to Gaza
is a top agenda item for the US and the
Gant visit a ceasefire agreement is
increasingly an even more frustrating
goal it was just last week President
Biden put a specific day on a ceasefire
agreement pressure is building on the
Biden Administration to hold up
assistance to Israel and not just to caj
and complain but to actually use
American leverage whether he does it
this week or next it's got to happen
soon unless there is a ceasefire in the
very near term Israel did not send a
delegation to the latest round of talks
with Hamas but says an offer is on the
table it's quite clear that uh the Biden
Administration has had a gut full of
abibe Netanyahu and his reluctance to
come to some kind of agreement G his
prime minister Benjamin netanyahu's
biggest political rival his warm
reception in Washington is in stark
contrast to the fact that Netanyahu has
not received an invitation to the White
House since his return to power some 14
months ago the reason that Benny gun who
his the Centrist opponent went to
Washington is is that Washington's
looking for someone to deal with they're
making it very clear here they don't
want to deal anymore with Netanyahu Gant
also made the rounds with Congressional
leaders look for lawmakers to pass an
aid package to Israel perhaps this is
the US looking at the Centrist leader as
a potential future alternative to the
current Netanyahu government Craig
Boswell trt World Washington