Israel's military says its investigation
into the Israeli drone strikes that
killed seven Aid workers in the Gaza
Strip on Monday shows it was a result of
a misidentification in complex
conditions it says it believed it was
targeting Hamas operatives instead
humanitarian workers belonging to the
us-based food charity World Central
Kitchen were
killed the wck vehicles were marked with
the logo of the WC organization on the
roof aware ever the cameras tracking the
vehicles from above were unable to
identify the logos which were not
visible at night this tragic mistake
could and should have been
prevented two Israeli Brigade officers
who ordered the drone strikes have been
sacked three other officers have been
reprimanded the wck is calling for an
independent inquiry the UN is calling
for investigations into the deaths of
all eight workers killed in the Gaza
Strip in the last 6 months the question
is not this only specific incident
196 humanitarian workers have been
killed and we want to know why each one
of them was
killed also on Friday Israel said it
would temporarily reopen the arz border
crossing and the port of ashad to allow
Aid into Gaza more aid from Jordan will
be allowed that comes after the US
President Joe Biden spoke with Israeli
Prime Minister Benyamin Netanyahu in
attends phone call on
Thursday meanwhile humanitarian
organizations such as UNICEF are
continuing operations despite Monday's
killings we um recognize the risks this
is one of the most dangerous places in
the world to be a humanitarian worker
but it is the most dangerous place in
the world to be a child and so that's
why we're here we're focusing on the job
but of course we're saying that this can
never happen again and we're asking for
assurances at the highest level that it
won't the real test is results the US
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin said
on Friday that Israel's new measures may
not be enough to meet the Biden
administration's demands for dramatic
improvements in humanitarian conditions
in Gaza including critically uh North