no EU leader is happy with the
humanitarian crisis in Gaza but there's
division over how to balance the needs
of Palestinian civilians with Israel's
right to self-defense Israel has a right
to defend itself to defend it population
I think I think that logical but that
can never be an excuse for
indiscriminate actions it can never be
an excuse for blocking Gaza I'm not
obsessed about what language we use uh
what we want is the killing and the
violence to stop uh to stop so that you
humanitarian Aid can get into uh into
Gaza where Palestinian people are
innocent Palestinian people are
suffering some states want a longer
cessation of fire but others don't want
to place limits on Israel's plan to get
rid of Hamas which most agree with on
Ukraine leaders were addressed by
President Vladimir zelinski from Kiev
he's concerned the crisis in Gaza will
distract EU leaders from continuing
support there is more money and weaponry
on the way but it's part of a WI EU
budget increase which will take time to
agree meanwhile hungary's prime minister
Victor Orban defended his recent meeting
with Russian President Vladimir Putin
and we would like to do everything in
order to have peace therefore we keep
open all the communication line to the
Russians otherwise there will be no
chance for peace this is a strategy so
we are proud of it and if all that
wasn't enough leaders also discuss their
new deal on illegal migration with real
fears escalation in the Middle East
could lead to a new wave of refugees on
the fringes of this Summit leaders from
Kosovo and Serbia met with a number of
EU leaders russels is trying to get both
parties back to the negotiating table
following recent violence in Northern
Kosovo blamed on Serbian gunman backed
by Belgrade EU officials said going into
this Summit the block was struggling to
respond to two conflicts Ukraine and now
Gaza it was proving difficult to Project
Unity particularly on the issue of
humanitarian Arian Aid add to that the
always sensitive subject of raising new
funds and agreeing new rules on
migration and this is proving to be one
of the eu's more challenging meetings
Simon McGregor with trt World
[Music]
Brussels