now caught in the crossfire of this war
between Hamas and Israel are countless
innocent children we at the India Today
group believe that no child should lose
his or her future every child has a
right to life and that civilians must be
protected at all costs this is after all
what the rules of War say here's what
the rules of War say parties to a
conflict must at all times distinguish
between combatants and civilians that's
rule number one number two all
reasonable steps must be taken to
protect civilians and civilian
properties during an armed conflict also
only combatants and Military targets
should be subjected to attacks during
armed conflict in fact civilian
population or civilian structures may be
subjected to attack only when it offers
a significant
military Advantage so that is what the
rule says this is known as the doctrine
of
proportionality excessive force or Force
which is disproportionate to the
military goal is
categorically prohibited that's what the
rule says that's what the law says there
must be an ongoing assessment of the
situation when civilian harm is
foreseen also indis disc criminate
attacks that involve Reckless targeting
are to be prohibited that is what the
rule says so the rule also says
indiscriminate attacks that involve
Reckless targeting are in fact to be
prohibited that is what the rule says
the next rule says effective advanced
warning of an attack must be given when
circumstances permit to allow civilians
to evacuate so that is what Israel says
that is doing effective advanced war
warning given to civilians to allow them
to evacuate is what Israel says that
they've told North gazin to move away
from the area humanitarian access and
access to basic necessities should be
allowed at all times even during the
conflict is what the rule says what
conventions the world over says when it
comes to a conflict situation very
important hostage taking is strict ly
prohibited during armed conflict of any
kind and that is exactly what Hamas has
done Hamas has taken hostages from
Israel from its attack of Israel on
October 7 strictly prohibited as far as
the rules of any sort of conflict go so
that has become quite the point of
contention condemned the world over so
these are some of the rules that are in
fact enshrined as far as situation of
War or conflict is concerned