45 leading Israeli rabbis wrote an open
letter giving Netanyahu religious
approval to bomb Al shifa Hospital the
letter directly endorsed the Israeli
government's justification of the
killing of Palestinian civilians who
they claim are used by Hamas as human
Shields the group of rabbis includes
some Ultra Orthodox figures who had
written a controversial book advocating
for the killing of enemy children who
they deem a Potential Threat and now
amid Israel's Onslaught on palestine's
besieged Gaza these Israeli rabbis
continue to normalize the killing of
civilians and to vindicate netanyahu's
government from any guilt or
responsibility for the bombing of a
hospital they also claim that actions
committed by Israel like the bombing of
a hospital are neither in breach of
halakic Jewish religious law nor of
international law but is this really the
case experts and international human
rights organizations seem to disagree un
premises and all hospitals schools and
Clinics must never be targeted the
Fourth Geneva Convention which Israel
has also ratified explicitly prohibits
targeting civilian hospitals during
times of War a Shiva Hospital whose
corridors are packed with Wounded
Palestinians including many children and
newborns is the biggest civilian
Hospital in Gaza already on the brink of
collapse under Israel's crippling Siege
the hospital is struggling to serve as a
safe shelter for hundreds of injured
civilians according to the UN violating
Geneva conventions and International law
in an armed conflict is a war crime
violating international law isn't new
for Israel which has previously attacked
other civilian targets including
hospitals and ambulances schools mosques
and churches so now using the same set
of unsubstantiated human shield
allegations is this letter by extremist
Israeli rabbis a religious justification
for Israel to bomb the biggest civilian
Hospital in
Gaza