there is growing anger tonight over an
Israeli air strike in Gaza that killed
seven Aid workers including a dual
Canadian American citizen Israel insists
it was a mistake but there are many
questions from both Ottawa and the
victim's families cdv's Heather Wright
reports a partner to Sandy a father to a
one-year-old baby boy 33-year-old
Canadian American Jacob Flickinger is
being remembered as a hero his father
writing on Facebook he died doing what
he loved and serving others Flickinger
was one of seven Aid workers killed
Monday when their Convoy was hit by an
Israeli air strike they were Target
systematically car by car the seven
people were working for Chef Jose
Andre's organization World Central
Kitchen helping to distribute much
needed food in Gaza Andrea says the team
was initially hit in one vehicle tried
to escape to a second and was eventually
hit again in the third humanitarians and
civilians should never be paying the
consequences of War this is a basic
principle of humanity Israel has called
this strike a grave mistake but many
questions about why it happened in the
first place Remain the Convoy was
traveling in clearly marked vehicles in
an area controlled by the Israeli
Defense Force its route had been
coordinated with the military there are
unconfirmed reports the IDF believed a
Hamas militant may have been been part
of the Convoy but experts say that alone
should not have been enough to open fire
use Ground Forces to stop the Convoy get
everybody out of the
Convoy you know put them through the you
know the indiscriminate search but
search for the bad guy amongst the good
guys today foreign affairs minister
Melanie Jolie joined other countries in
calling for a full investigation Israel
needs to respect International
humanitarian law and we will will make
sure that that is the case this attack
has further slowed the flow of Aid into
Gaza three cargo ships carrying food and
other supplies have been turned around
Aid groups are carrying out deliveries
with much more caution and the UN
predicts famine in some parts by May
Heather ctv's Heather right thank you