the United States is reportedly still a
client of Israel's NSO group this
despite the Biden administration's
efforts to restrict the government's use
of commercial spyware President Biden
signed an executive order last week
enforcing the same Israeli a spyware
firm NSO group specifically was
blacklisted long back in 2021 for
activities contrary to U.S national
security or foreign policy interests but
in New York Times report reveals that
just five days after the Biden
Administration announced the
blacklisting of NSO in November 2021 a
U.S government agency purchased a
spyware from NSO via a front company the
software which was purchased is known as
Landmark it is a geolocation tool that
can convertly track covertly track
mobile phones around the world without
the phone users knowledge or consent
according to the report despite being
award aware of the problem dramatic
nature of working with NSO the US
government decided in November 2021 to
buy its software via a front company
from New Jersey called Cleopatra
Holdings the report claims to be
disclosing the secret contract for the
first time New York Times also claims to
have reviewed the contract it says the
contract specifically allows the U.S
the government to test
evaluate and even deploy the spyware
against targets of its choice in Mexico
earlier it was reported that the FBI
purchased NSO groups
the Pegasus software for research
purposes and even looked into using it
for domestic investigations the CIA has
also reported to have used Pegasus in
Djibouti the latest report comes in the
backdrop of President Biden signing an
executive order to clamp down on
government use of commercial spyware
this decree signed last week prohibits
Federal departments and agencies from
using hacking tools that might be abused
by Foreign governments
[Music]