an uncompromising message fluts on the
breeze A Sky Full of paper delivering
the order to flee the city has become a
battlefield it says You must evacuate to
the
South everybody understood Israel's
directive but it wasn't easy to respond
do you shelter in the ruins or risk
death on the road a question and a
dilemma shared by
all I've been looking for safety calls a
man from the
rubble a woman replies I've been hiding
but I'm getting out now I can't take it
anymore the Israelis gave residents 24
hours to get out and tens of thousands
did as they were told our team filming
as they move South towards the Gaza
River
Valley some crammed into battered
looking Vehicles others fleeing on foot
everyone fearful of being caught in an
air
strike we haven't done anything wrong we
haven't done anything wrong if you look
at this area there are children who
haven't slept for 4 days he said he
wants to escape but he doesn't know
how Okay secure the road towards
salahudin and we will go but you can't
take 10 or 15 members of your family on
an unsafe
route as the Israelis conduct raids and
mass troops at the border there are many
in Gaza City who are going to stay put
the river valley is just too far
away what can I do what can I do I have
to get these to my children said this
woman the UN says it won't force people
who've taken shelter in its schools to
leave
although more than a dozen of its
buildings have been damaged their
occupants told us they weren't sure what
to
do we stayed in the school waiting
waiting and thinking God will save us
but now we have to go we'll see what
happens there are impossible
predicaments that have to be met flee
Gaza City or lay your loved ones to rest
here a man collects the bodies of 16
members of his family from the
rubble it breaks my back it breaks my
back he
[Music]
says the whole of Gaza is under
Fire The Exodus has started although
Hamas told residents to ignore it a day
of difficult decisions for people facing
a precarious
future John Sparks Sky News