as warning sirens sounded across
Southern and Central Israel including in
Jerusalem Israel's military said it was
on a war footing prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has called an emergency
meeting of security officials and this
morning's events are some of the most
serious since Israel and Hamas fought a
10-day war in
2021 Sky's Middle East correspondent
Alis bunkle the latest barage of rockets
which as you say Hamas claims to have
been in excess of 5,000 Rockets um fired
out of Gaza into into Israel started
almost exactly two hours ago just before
um 7:00 in the morning Israel time it uh
meant that air raid sirens were going
off around southern and Central Israel
uh people were told to shelter indoors
there were mobile phone footage of
plumes of smoke Rising above some
Israeli towns and cities including Tel
Aviv the ambulance service in Israel mag
David Adam has reported that one
person's been killed 15 injured I
wouldn't be surprised if that figure
Rises further still but I think the most
worrying development and I I think
almost sort of unprecedented in the way
it's happened is that some Hamas
Fighters have managed to get over the
border from Gaza into Israel in some
cases using paragliders Ben Nyah who is
speaking to his security cabinet I think
about now uh y Galant the defense
ministers had a briefing from the the
ministry of Defense I mean what I should
this has taken Everybody by surprise and
you know everybody from from from journ
who cover it to the top levels to to the
to the IDF command um there is nobody
who really saw this coming and it's
happened over um a major weekend it is
the end of the Scot the Jewish Festival
suot this weekend which coincides with
the Shabbat which is um today and just
coincidentally it was also 50 years
pretty much since the uh the Yung kapo
War as well and so uh how the Israelis
respond to this will be very interesting
to watch because they're going to have
to have I think a very severe response