two camps appear to be forming among EU
leaders there are member states who want
to continue sending Aid to Palestine and
those who want to suspend assistance
ahead of a meeting to resolve divisions
there was confusion and u-turns
following hamas's surprise assault on
Israel the eu's neighborhood
commissioner Olivia vah took to social
media to announce that payments from an
aid package worth 691 million EUR would
be halted but the block appears to have
backpedal with its Chief Diplomat now
insist in the aid will continue one of
the parts of our resolution was
stressing the importance of continuing
humanitarian development needs in the
occupied Palestinian territories it has
already been clarified that it will not
be suspension of the due payments to
funds to Palestine from the European
Union commission the block wants to show
a United fronts but under the surface
divisions persist Sweden and Denmark s
those suspend palestin in development
aid but will keep sending humanitarian
assistance Copenhagen announced a
thorough review will be conducted to
ensure that no Danish funding is misused
to indirectly support terrorist
organizations that attack
Israel the two countries now following
the footsteps of Austria and Germany who
have both cut development Aid on Tuesday
German foreign minister alanina bbok
said it would be completely wrong to
cease essential humanitarian aid for the
civilian
population is a sentiment shared by
Ireland Luxembourg Spain and Belgium but
those countries support the maintenance
of both development and humanitarian aid
for Palestine they all questioned the
move by The eu's Neighborhood
commissioner to suspend payments on
Monday