why do you think the intelligence shared
by Egypt was overlooked by
Israelis you know I don't know exactly
what the Egyptians shared uh if it was
General you know you need to be worried
about something happening in Gaza that's
not what we label actionable
intelligence uh it could well be it was
significant and that Israel should have
paid more attention to it but I can tell
you it's a it's a it's a inevitable in
history that after an intelligence
failure there's always some who said hey
I I told you and you didn't pay
attention well you know if you if you
could get it right all all the time
you'd be the perfect intelligence agent
but the human beings are fallible and
there was a lot of fallibility on this
one no doubt about it um help us
understand how how did the Israeli
intelligence get it so wrong and why did
Hamas strike on the day they did and uh
you know there are these reports that
are suggesting that perhaps Hamas used
uh methods which were seen as old world
uh you know personto person contact in
their preparations rather than using
technology which could have been
intercepted and what about the famed
iron Doom I mean why was it not able to
intercept this barrage of uh of rockets
that were uh you know that that came on
uh
Israel I think the the timing was chosen
because it was almost exactly the 50th
anniversary of the yapor war which which
also caught Israel unaware and uh was
the occasion for a lot of uh reflection
afterward as to how they missed it you
know what what people do to evade
surveillance is to think about where
their vulner vulnerabilities are and
then try and find alternative means to
accomplish the same objective uh and it
turns out if technical means of
intercepting Communications are being
successful they they'll find something
else where uh that technology can't
intercept the Communications I think
it's a lesson for the United States as
well I think an over Reliance on
technical means and not relying enough
on uh human intelligence sources is is a
big mistake I think we need much better
human intelligence and and it may well
be the Israelis do as well