now to the tensions between Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and
President Biden after Biden discussed
what would be a red line for him MC
upman from
Israel tonight a growing Rift between
President Biden and Israel's prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu after the
president seemingly said an invasion
into Rafa in the southern part of the
Gaza Strip would be his Red Line it is a
red line but I'm never going to leave
Israel you cannot have 30,000 more
Palestinians dead as a consequence
moments later walking those comments
back saying netanyahu's war was hurting
Israel more than helping for weeks the
White House has publicly urged Israel
not to invade Rafa where hamas's
remaining leaders and battalions are
believed to be hiding among civilians
without a plant to protect the more than
a million displaced gazin there
Netanyahu defined vowing to press on
despite the president's concerns I have
a red line you know what the red line is
that October 7th doesn't happen again
the leader's trading barbs as the holy
month of Ramadan begins and his famine
sets in according according to the UN
dozens mostly children have died for
malnutrition some like 12-year-old
Muhammad clinging to life with severe
dehydration and
malnutrition Davido call after the
president State of the Union Address
last week he was caught off Mike saying
he'd have a quote come to Jesus talk
with Israel's prime minister Netanyahu
today he said he hasn't yet had that
conversation but left the option on the
table David all right Matt thank you hi
everyone George Stephanopoulos here
thanks for checking out the ABC News
YouTube channel if you'd like to get
more videos show highlights and watch
live event coverage click on the right
over here to subscribe to our Channel
and don't forget to download the ABC
News app for breaking news alerts thanks
for
watching