Palestinian journalist Mohammed Abu Jay
was in Gaza to cover protesters at the
great march of return he says he wanted
to report on how Israeli forces were
trying to disable protesters by shooting
them below the knees with live
ammunition then an explosive bullet
shattered both of his legs gonna thought
a life I was a little bit away from the
dividing fence suddenly I was shot it
hit my right leg and went into my left
leg at that moment I felt electricity
through my whole body it was constant
pain I tried to resist and stand up but
I couldn't since March Palestinians have
been protesting in Gaza every week
according to the Palestinian health
ministry almost 6,000 of the protesters
who've been shot by Israeli forces have
been hit in the lower leg the Israeli
army says it opens fire as a last resort
against Palestinians throwing rocks
grenades and fire bombs and it says
aiming for the legs is an act of
restraint but adults aren't the only
targets to read documents about 95 cases
who were shot by the Israeli forces by
using explosive bullets they were and
underwent two amputation surgery and
this number is including 17 children but
the humanitarian organization Doctors
Without Borders says explosive bullets
are not a form of restraint and cause
wounds and fractures that can easily get
infected eight groups say the Israeli
military is violating international law
by using live ammunition which they say
amounts to excessive force and they say
it's often used against peaceful
protesters we were hanging out and we
found a place to sit I was lighting a
cigarette and suddenly I was shot I
blacked out and woke up in the hospital
Mohamed says he was clearly marked as a
member of the press on the day he was
shot and he has something to say to the
international community in home if the
whole my message to them is to open
investigations into the crimes against
the palace
ian's by the Israeli occupation
especially regarding intentional
injuries to any part of the body legs
torso or head he won't be able to cover
more protests anytime soon and many more
won't even be able to protest at all
Sarah Balter trt world
[Music]