these four Israeli soldiers have been
injured in an explosion in southern
Lebanon we have Ali hasham who's joining
us from the city of nakura that's in the
South so Ali this is an unusual incident
because these Israeli troops were inside
Lebanese territory any indication as to
what they were
doing well in fact the reports are
saying that these uh this is a group of
soldiers from the gulani Brigade that
infiltrated the Lebanese uh borders for
like tens of meters and then this uh
explosive device was detonated and four
of them were injured one of them in a
severe situation two in a moderate
situation one in a light situation nowah
claimed responsibility for detonating
the explosive device but this is also
another indication that the the the
situation here is very sensitive any
attempt by the Israeli Army to get into
the Lebanese territories I mean ground
forces in this way uh is going to be uh
uh is going to be faced with such a
situation and this is not the first time
by the way that a bomb or a a roadside
bomb is being detonated uh by Israeli
soldiers this is the second time the
first time was in March 2023 2024 and
this is the second time but the first
time it wasn't really deadly us this
time this time it was really strong and
I think it seems that esbah wanted to
show um a kind of a clearer uh uh
response to such an attempt by the
Israelis and of course this has its own
implication on the situation however
still the Israelis are striking several
towns like today there were several air
strikes and Hezbollah actually just
claimed responsibility for one attack
today that was
detonated okay thank you so much Ali
Hashim reporting from nakura in the
south of Lebanon
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from alaz