and Israel has wowed to crush Hamas
after gunmen from the Palestinian
islamist groups stormed across the
border and killed at least 1200 people
now the unprecedented assault marked the
deadliest attack on the country since it
was founded 75 years ago here's how the
Israeli military is executing the
retaliation that we've been tracking
here on Bon now like clockwork Israel
artillery goes into action every 30
seconds against a barely visible Target
somewhere in the Hamas ruled Gaza Strip
Israeli forces are keeping up with the
withering barrage of air strikes
crippling important Hamas facilities and
sites now Israel has H masked forces
tanks and other heavy armor around Gaza
now T aiv has called for 300,000
reservist and is preparing for a
possible ground Invasion into the Gaza
Strip in a statement on Thursday the
Army said that it has bombed Gaza with
approximately 6,000 munition since the
War Began on Saturday and a total of
4,000 tons of explosives since Saturday
like I mentioned that is when it began
striking Hamas targets now troops have
deployed around 150 mm artillery guns in
fields along the border with Gaza
placing them a few meters apart near the
towns of nio and sth which were overrun
by Hamas militants in their weekend
Onslaught now each time a salvo is fired
the ground shakes and a deafening noise
fills the
air now the Army has set up roadblocks
to stop infiltration by armed
Palestinian militants into Southern
Israel as well and in the skies above
Apache helicopters gunships fly at low
altitude meanwhile Cutting Edge Israel
combat helicopters are briefly breaching
the airspace of the G Gaza Strip now
Israeli marava tanks are also rumbling
close to the Gaza
border we are still on with A continuous
coverage of the Israel Hamas conflict
now thousands of people Israelis
Palestinians and foreigners have been
killed since Hamas militants launched a
surprise Dawn attack on Israel from the
Gaza Strip over the weekend most
civilence with horror stories emerging
about the deadly strike and the
devastating military retaliation
that it has provoked Israel has wed to
crush Hamas and looks poised to send
ground troops into the densely populated
Enclave calls are mounting for a
humanitarian Corridor to be opened up
and offers to broker piece are also
coming
[Music]
in