over in the Middle East people in Gaza
are fighting for their lives every
second because of the war between Israel
and Hamas with no clear end in sight our
e hears a story from oxam International
in rala West
Bank an intentionally made unlivable
piece of land this is how Dr hadil kazaz
oxfam's Regional gender coordinator in
ramala currently describes the Gaza
Strip
it's a humanitarian catastrophe it's uh
it's something that uh have never
happened in modern history not in this
scale not in this speed not in this way
since the start of the war people in the
Gaza Strip have been displaced multiple
times and are evacuating to the southern
part to flee the ongoing bombardment by
the Israeli
occupation first they bushed people to
60% of the land now they are pushing
people to less than 10% of the land of
the Gaz you the people are squeezed
squeezed like a lemon more than 80% of
the total population seeks refuge in the
southern cities of Rafa and canun I'm at
constant bombarding leaflets fly around
ordering people to evacuate immediately
turning the area into a total war zone
so the whole family fled the house and
they were running for their life they
were just running they didn't know where
to go they didn't carry anything with
them the biggest Hospital in canun Naser
hospital is under bombardment with at
least 100,000 people forced to evacuate
this is twice the number of people who
have evacuated from alifa hospital
Israel's previous Target in the north of
the Gaza Strip this includes civilians
who are taking shelter injured people
undergoing treatment and doctors were
exhausted already the lack of essential
medication had doctors performing
operations without anesthesia including
amputations and cesarian
sections uh newborn babies who die
because of hyperthemia or because of
starvation because their mothers cannot
nurse them many babies are born much
sure many had to flee to Rafa from canun
which is already crowded with over 1
million people Dr kazas describes how
people there are having to pitch tents
anywhere they can in the street in
basement and under trees and with not
enough humanitarian aid for the entire
population people in Gaza are
starving every aspect of life in Gaza at
the moment is totally destroyed
totally news