[Music]
it's the final chapter of an 8-year
battle Israeli police evicting settlers
living illegally in a tiny outpost in
the occupied West Bank from a hilltop
close to where police had gathered young
Israelis supporting settlers attacked
officers with rocks
I'll now walk out of here this is my
home I believe this is my home otherwise
I would have have probably left they
will have to carry me out
but their homes are built on private
Palestinian land
more than 600,000 Israelis live in
settlements built since Israel's 1967
occupation of the West Bank and East
Jerusalem
there are also more than 95 outposts
like omona settlements built without
official authorization from the Israeli
governments across the occupied
territories the Palestinians who used to
cultivate this land have been waiting
for this day for a long time
hopefully the settlement will be
evacuated and our lands will return to
us like it used to be it has always been
our dream
just 330 settlers live in omona and
while they were being evicted israel's
government authorized another 3,000
settlement homes in other parts of the
territory the Israeli government balance
is very awkward they are evacuating 40
settlement homes in hamona and
compensating the illegal settlers with
three thousand housing settlement units
this is political blindness this is
arrogance powers
Donald Trump who is seen as a strong
ally by Israel elected in Washington DC
tel aviv has accelerated its settlement
building this is the third announcement
of new homes since Trump took office
normal life is good news in the meantime
we will also develop infrastructure and
roads and we will also develop and add a
lot of security elements as thousands
more Israelis populate the West Bank the
future of a Palestinian state
looks more uncertain and while the
international community has condemned
Israel's approval of new settlements the
White House has remained silent nafisa
lot each DRT world
[Music]