let's talk about the war in the Middle
East now in his State of the Union
Address President Biden announced that
the US is building a port to get more
humanitarian Aid into Gaza could take as
long as 60 days Doctors Without Borders
called it quote a glaring distraction
from the real problem Israel's
indiscriminate and disproportionate
military campaign and punishing Siege is
sending more Aid enough Senator when
innocent civilians are being killed and
are dying every
day listen we we have got to find our
way quickly to the path that leads to
peace that's why the other night on the
floor of the United States Senate uh I
push for a ceasefire I think the
president I know the president is
working hard to get to a
ceasefire Mr Netanyahu has got to
recognize that we've already seen uh the
deaths of some 30,000
Palestinians many of them uh innocent
women men and children you know I I
think about this not just as a senator
uh and even not just as a pastor but as
a father last night as I was putting my
own children to bed and dealing with my
son as he was dealing with an incessant
cough I I thought about parents in Gaza
it's it's a terrible thing uh as a
parent when your kid is is sick and here
I was just dealing with a a cold and and
I thought about the fact that there are
parents in Gaza right now who are
dealing with the ordinary challenges
that children deal with who have seen
amputations uh of children without
anesthesia they are children who are
wounded with no Living Weapons and uh
with no living uh uh relatives and so
we've got to find our way uh to peace
quickly while at the same time trying to
get humanitarian Aid in there as quickly
as possible thanks for watching stay
updated about breaking news and top
stories on the NBC News app or follow us
on social media