we you know there's no information in
fact about them since they were taken
hostage but we now know that the Israeli
military has confirmed to 199 families
uh that their loved ones are being held
hostage in Gaza including 26 uh babies
and small children uh and I have this
morning spoken to someone who still
doesn't know where his missing son is so
that number could still be revised
upwards they're very careful uh in
informing people of that they want to be
very sure but problem of course with
this in we heard in an off- The reccord
Briefing to journalists today is that in
reality it's not clear who is holding
them you know they were taken prisoner
by Hamas some of them maybe most of them
some were taken prisoner by another
militant group the Iranian proxy Islamic
Jihad uh some others were taken perhaps
just by people who ordinary civilians
who came in to the fence and then came
out uh when they could because there was
you know it was unguarded so you've got
people spread possibly across the Gaza
Strip and not one uh unit or person
holding them responsible for them so all
of that makes any dealings regarding
them much more complicated plus of
course we've heard every second or third
day there's been an an announcement from
the Hamas military Wing saying that a
number of them have died in air strikes
you know it's impossible to corroborate
or to check and all it does is of course
increase the worry for the families but
it's a form of it's part of the
psycholog IAL Warfare it's part of this
war Al together you know keeping them
and their plight in the eye of the
Israeli public with a hope that they can
be used as a bargaining chip by Hamas
and whoever else holds one