US Secretary of State Anthony blinkin
thinks Hamas and Israel are getting
closer to reaching an agreement on a
ceasefire and release of captives but
aren't there yet there's still real
challenges we've we've uh we've closed
the gaps but there are still gaps um so
I can't I can't put a timeline on it
blinkin was in Cairo for talks with Arab
foreign ministers to try to further the
negotiations being mediated by Qatar and
Egypt we hope that our combined efforts
have an effect in the present time there
is no room to wait and there is no room
to allow a further increase in human
suffering and there is no room to
continue the war this is blinken's sixth
trip to the region since the conflict
began in October his tone appears to
have shifted more compelled by the
plight of the Palestinians nearly 32,000
of whom have been killed by Israel's war
on Gaza he was also more critical of
Israel whom he warned against invading
RAF very clear that a major ground
operation in Rafa would be a mistake and
something that we can't support um there
is no place for the many civilians who
are masked in in Gaza uh in Rafa excuse
me to go to get out of Harm's Way uh and
for those that would inevitably remain
it would uh it would be a humanitarian
disaster in New York at the United
Nations growing impatience the security
Council has failed to decisively act we
need to decide and to take action now we
cannot procrastinate again and again and
push the ball down the road I think we
need to take action the Security Council
is expected to vote on Friday on an
American draft resolution on Gaza in it
the US calls for an immediate and
sustainable ceasefire but not demanding
it instead saying it's imperative in
less binding language and it conditions
a ceasefire on the release of captives
when it comes to Security Council
resolutions language matters a Russian
Diplomat told me his country would only
support a Gaza draft resolution that
demanded an immediate ceasefire that's
why there's a second draft resolution
this one brought forth by eight of the
10 non-permanent members and it does
demand an immediate ceasefire and it too
could also so be voted on as early as
Friday Gabriel zando alaza at the United
Nations in New
York make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer