hearing her children crying from Hunger
is Shima Alan's painful daily
reality there's nothing left in Gaza
City none of life's Basics there are no
vegetables fruit meat there's nothing
for anyone to eat the world food program
says cases of malnutrition among
children in Gaza are increasing at a
record
Pace he's been deprived of everything so
his body is weak he's lost a lot of
weight and is
dehydrated humanitarian agencies have
been warning of acute hunger for months
but now they say the situation is so
much worse they've revised their
assessment up to the highest level of
food insecurity and say Northern Gaza is
on the brink of famine there is nowhere
else in the world where so many people
face imminent famine here in Gaza City
we're at the epicenter of the crisis
here in the Gaza Strip today I've met so
many people who are angry and tired and
despairing because their children go to
sleep every night hungry humanitarian
agencies don't use the word famine
flippantly there's an official criteria
it's when at least 20% of households are
facing an extreme lack of food at least
30% of children are suffering acute
malnutrition and two people out of of
every 10,000 are dying each day due to
starvation we desperately need the
conditions to get access every day to be
flooding this area with food assistance
if we're going to prevent famine prevent
further death prevent wasting amongst
children prevent really the desperate
situation that is already in
place the wfp says one in three children
below the age of two are now ACC cutely
malnourished and almost 2 million people
are reliant on food Aid the UN body has
once again urged Israel to allow more
Aid convoys Into The Enclave the wh has
echoed these concerns and appealed for
an end to the targeting of medical
facilities so people can access urgently
needed care before it's too late Melinda
new seora trt world