thank you
[Music]
in the past few hours six Palestinians
have been detained after new Israeli
raids across several locations in the
occupied West Bank there were clashes
between Israeli forces and Palestinians
including an armed attack on an Israeli
checkpoint no casualties have been
reported Israeli settlers attacked a
Palestinian ambulance injuring one woman
Ali Mustafa has more
a cycle of Revenge continues in the
occupied West Bank a suspected
Palestinian gunman killed another
Israeli American Settler this time in
Jericho days after two settler brothers
were killed near nablos where Israeli
forces had killed 11 Palestinians a day
earlier the United States has been clear
about where it stands we condemn the
horrific killing of two Israeli Brothers
near Nablus in The Killing today of an
Israeli near Jericho who we understand
was also an American citizen we also
condemn the wide wide scale
indiscriminate Violence by settlers
against Palestinian civilians following
The Killing
Israeli settlers destroyed parts of
hawara late on Sunday after the killing
of the settler Brothers the settlers
were seen alongside Israeli Security
Forces as they targeted Palestinians
inside their homes by burning the walls
outside
Jewish and Arab demonstrators in Tel
Aviv condemned the settler violence
despite the police intervening to
control the protests demonstrators voice
serious concerns about Israel's
rightward shift I am deeply concerned
that the acts of this extremist
government should launch the country
into an escalation that would undermine
the life and security both Palestinians
and Israelis that government led by
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
includes extremist settlers like itamur
bengavir and bezazil smotrich who have
fanned the Flames of violence both
inside Israel and the Palestinian
territories it occupies Ali Mustafa trt
world
[Music]
foreign
[Music]