[Music]
unless stopped the standoff over the
al-aqsa mosque in Jerusalem could spiral
well beyond the walls of the old city it
is extremely important that a solution
to the current crisis be found by Friday
this week I think the dangers on the
ground will escalate if we go through
another cycle of Friday prayer without a
resolution to this to this current
crisis Israelis have refused to remove
metal detectors from outside the mosque
triggering the bloodiest clashes with
the Palestinians in years
[Music]
it says extra security is needed after
two policemen were killed near the site
a week ago this attack is not an
isolated incident it is part of the wave
of terror sweeping the free world some
experts
classify these terrorists as lone wolves
acting on their own but we know this is
not the case these terrorists are
brainwashed with the same hateful
teachings they are all taught that
violence and cold-blooded murder is holy
the al-aqsa mosque also known as the
Temple Mount in the Dome of the rock is
holy to Christians Jews and Muslims
Palestinians have refused to go through
the mosques metal detectors and have
been holding street prayers and protests
outside Islam's third holiest site we
want all
obstacles put in place to deprive
worshipers of exercising their right to
go and pray and all these things
including
Metal Detectors
cameras obstacles all of them they need
to be removed and removed completely
without conditions the violence began on
Friday when Israeli security forces shot
dead three Palestinian demonstrators on
the same day a Palestinian stabbed three
Israelis in the occupied West Bank when
you have an occupation with its
ruthlessness as we see it and we see a
manifestation of it of involving
violation of international law and the
magnitude of war crimes such as
settlements then don't expect all
Palestinians to be angels not to react
to it the longer the al-aqsa Security
dispute is not resolved the greater the
fear that more blood will be spilled
pursue Padova lackeys to your tea world
[Music]
you