in a rather interesting turn of events
US Special Envoy for Yemen Tim ler King
has left the door open for Washington to
again remove the terror designation from
houis however there is a caveat the
latter must seize their attacks in the
Red Sea that's right the statement comes
as the houthis continue holding 25 crew
members of the Japanese cargo ship the
Galaxy leader captive the US designated
terror group hijacked the Wessel in
November l king told the reporters on
Wednesday that releasing the sailors and
I'm quoting here would show good faith
and an intent to deescalate on the part
of the
houis the US Special Envoy for Yemen
also blamed tan for continuing to enable
these attacks through arms fundings and
intelligence support to the houis
reminding the world that they are the
leading sponsor of
terrorism the comment is in line with US
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin
statement in November upon reevaluating
the hou's designation as a terror
organization Lincoln has said and I'm
quoting again if the houi sees their
attacks in the Red Sea and Gulf of Aiden
the US will re-evaluate their
designation now then US president Donald
Trump designated the houis a terrorist
organization in January AR
2021 it was one of his last acts in
office the Biden Administration later
reversed this very decision citing that
the designation likely exacerbating
effect on the humanitarian crisis in
Yemen however things changed following
the October 7th attack and Israel's Gaza
Onslaught the huti's decision to attack
International Private vessels sailing in
the Red Sea and the Gulf of Aiden as
well as kidnapping Cruise has led to a
US centered International response and
this included missile strikes on houti
wessels and interest in Yemen as a
consequence Washington redesignated the
houis as a specially designated Global
terrorist in a January 17th announcement
following this the terror group status
became effective starting in
mid-February