I am not
afraid I am not afraid I will stand
[Music]
for I'm here today with 40 other Brown
University students sitting in at
University Hall to call on our
University president to demand that we
divest from armed companies that are
selling arms to Israel to Aid in the
Palestine uh genocide I I genuinely
don't know how we could call ourselves
citizens that support freedom and
liberty if we are willing to let our
government commit such atrocities around
the world and especially lately in the
Middle East um we need as members of a
democracy to use our voices to hold our
government accountable uh to these
actions and lastly I'm here because like
I got to wake up in a warm bed this
morning uh under a roof that had not
been reduced to rubble and I got to eat
a nutritious breakfast that didn't
require me walking miles to get it and I
got to see my friends without worrying
if they had been killed and these are
privileges that the people in Gaza right
now cannot they don't
have
not
alone I grew up going to Jewish Day
School Jewish summer camp Jewish youth
group and it's because of this not in
spite of it that I'm here
today my the values I learned in my
Jewish upbringing were that it's not
enough to wish for a better world we
have to act in order to create it there
are those who have claimed that
divestment itself is inherently
anti-semitic and what I say to that is
that calling for brown to divest does
not make Jews less safe profiting off
Injustice in war does not keep Jews safe
Israel's occupation Israel's targeting
of Civilian infrastructure in Gaza also
known as power targets does not keep
Jews safe the rhetoric dehumanizing
Palestinians espoused by politicians who
hide their anti-Semitism by support for
Israel does not make Jews safe