[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
the conflict in in Gaza between Israel
and Hamas we're focused intensely on
trying to get an agreement that results
in the release of the remaining hostages
and that produces an extended
humanitarian ceasefire uh and again
those are goals that I think virtually
everyone in the G20
[Music]
shares with regard to the UN Security
Council resolution uh it's important to
start with the with this clear fact and
proposition that resolution would not in
and of itself resulted in a ceasefire
the concern that we had with this
particular
resolution was twofold uh one was the
fact that it was actually silent as to
hostages uh second uh the timing of it
was such that at the very moment when
again the best path forward is to see if
we can reach an agreement on the
hostages anything that might um in any
way undermine that confuse that disrupt
that effort is simply counterproductive
to what everyone wants to
achieve
[Music]
we are appalled by the willingness of
the United States to use its powers as a
permanent council member to obstruct
efforts to adopt the most evident of
resolutions one demanding an immediate
and sustained
ceasefire three times this Council has
has had an opportunity to vote for the
ceasefire that is so desperately needed
and three times the United States has
used its veto power most recently this
[Music]
[Music]
Tuesday Medical Teams have added a new
acronym to their
vocabulary W
cnsf wounded child no surviving
family children who do survive this war
will not only bear the visible wounds of
traumatic injuries but the invisible
ones too those of repeated displacement
constant fear and witnessing family
members literally dismembered Before
Their
Eyes these psychological injuries have
led children as young as five to tell us
that they would prefer to
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
die
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
oh
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
so I know there are a lot of
expectations in this uh review my goal
is to deliver a report that is uh
rigorous
evidence-based and that would help inra
deliver on its
[Music]
mandate