right now we are on Lebanon border and
I'm joined by an IDF officer let me
speak to him how strategic is this
position where we are right now standing
you're standing on a settlement which
called metula it's a very uh small
settlement we have 2,000 people here and
uh we are in the finger of the upper
Galilee around us is Lebanon the place
that means where we are standing all
around is is Lebanon we surrounded by
the Lebanese we surround them and they
can see us from their place that's why
they shoot uh missiles to houses and and
people and today also the firing had
been continuing from their site uh today
sorry say today also the firing was
continuing from their side yeah yeah
every day every day and night there is a
firing missiles
shooting uh uh
weapons all things people had been
evacuated from this place people goes
out from the place and we are the
representative of the people we
volunteers to keep on the to keep the
settlement and help the Army to know all
around so one one thing I just want to
know they are at the advantageous
position because they are at the height
so that means they can easily fire on us
right yeah they can easily that's why
now we take covers
you know because when they see us they
can shoot so this is the dangerous Zone
we can say that way yes it is so let me
explain you right now we are standing in
metula on all the three sides there is a
Lebanese soldiers because they are at an
advantageous position because they are
at height from height they can keep an
eye on each and every moment that's one
of the reason when they see anybody
moving on this road they try to Target
them no vehicle is allowed to go beyond
this point because just few meters away
is the Lebanese border and they can
shoot you and we' have seen during the
last few days how Israel had been
fighting war on two front on Southern
front they are tackling Hamas on
Northern front they have Hezbollah
terrorist