Blame Game Over alifa Hospital continues
to rage as Israel and Hamas War
intensifies in Northern Gaza including
near the strip's largest hospital the
Israel Defense Forces denied claims that
the hospital was under siege or that
those inside were trapped in fact the
IDF has made a safe passage for the
transfer of babies to a safer
Hospital there has been a lot of
misinformation from Gaza today so I want
to clarify the facts there is no Siege I
repeat there is no Siege on the shifa
hospital the east side of the hospital
is open on elade street for the safe
pass of gazans who wish to leave the
hospital we're speaking directly and
regularly with the hospital staff the
staff of the shifa hospital has
requested that tomorrow we will help the
babies in the pediatric department to
get to a safer hospital we will provide
the assistance needed
and there's something that the world
must not forget and we will not let the
world forget it Kamas has been holding
hostages
239 men women children elderly and
babies don't forget babies for 36 Days
this is a crime against humanity and we
will not let the world forget
it well Israel also released a 3D
animation video showing a network of
Hamas struct located inside the hospital
building and underground as well Israeli
Prime Minister Netanyahu said that Hamas
terrorist hiding on the outskirts of the
shifa hospital will be hunt
down
well Israel has time and again claimed
that Hamas is using hospitals as its
Terror bases on October 27th IDF had
released picture of the alifa complex
claiming that the structure houses
underground Hamas command and control
center meanwhile Israel also released a
telephonic conversation between a gazan
citizen and a Hamas terrorist in which
the ham operative can be heard bragging
about their personal ambulance Hamas has
ceased control of ambulances and uses
them as a discret Taxis for their
terrorists meanwhile IDF troops opened
and secured an evacuation route from
both ranc and Naser hospitals as well as
additional route for gazans moving
Southward while they secured the route
armed terrorists approached and fired
RPGs in response the IDF troops struck
the
terrorists
for
[Music]
for
for
[Music]
MZ