[Music]
Israeli citizens now are continuing
their protests against the Judiciary
reform bills the ongoing anti-government
protests are expected to paralyze
traffic as tens of thousands of
protesters have taken to the streets
against the judicial reform bills put
forward by the Netanyahu government or
thousands of protesters in the city of
far Saba in central Israel are on the
streets they are carrying Israeli flags
and protesting against the Prime
Minister netanyahu's judicial reforms
proposal all protesters are continuing
their March and police officials are
leading the way they are taking the
reporters through an approved route well
in the city of kapasaba protesters are
signing the Declaration of Independence
from when Israel was founded it's a
reminder Israel was founded on the
principles of democracy which is what
these protests are all about or
protesters believe that democracy is in
danger
[Music]
one of the largest centers of the
protest over the past few weeks and it
remains to be seen what do people here
feel about the compromise Solution
that's being proposed
he demonstrated a chance
[Music]
hungry
well the massive anti-government
protests also led to the U.S defense
secretary Lloyd Austin's visit to Israel
being slightly delayed
U.S events actually Lloyd Austin is set
to arrive in Israel on Thursday morning
after arriving Austin will take his
meetings at a factory near the Tel Aviv
airport it's at a meeting with Israeli
officials in the defense Ministries
planned well this is due to the massive
protests which are expected to paralyze
traffic across the country Austin is set
to meet Israeli defense minister UAV
gallant and Netanyahu near the Tel Aviv
airport or netanyahu's controversial
biller aims to reduce powers of the
Judiciary the bill also aims to give the
executive more powers in this selection
of Judges something that his critics
believe will compromise the judiciary's
powers
bad
a video
[Music]