the United Nations Agency for
Palestinian refugees has released a
report revealing that some of its
employees were tortured into making
confessions Israel had earlier accused
the unra staff of having links with
Hamas and that the staff took part in
the October 7th attacks the report
further alleges that some detainees were
beaten stripped robbed blindfolded
sexually abused and denied access to
lawyers and even doctors in some cases
this went on for months the unra is
planning to hand it findings to agencies
inside and outside the United Nations
specialized in documenting potential
human rights abuses unra which provides
Aid and essential services to
Palestinian refugees is at the center of
a crisis over Israeli allegations made
in January Israel said that 12 of its
13,000 staff in Gaza took part in the
October 7th Hamas attack on Israel the
Israeli accusations led to 16 countries
including the US to pause $450 million
of funding for unra the agency fired
some staff members saying it acted in
order to protect the agency's ability to
deliver humanitarian assistance
furthermore an independent internal
United Nations investigation was
launched Israel is seeking un's closure
meanwhile Canada has said that it will
resume funding to the United Nations
Palestinian refugee
agency Israel says that the Hamas L
October 7th assault killed 1,200 people
in Israel and resulted in another
253 being
abducted according to health authorities
in Hamas controlled Gaza more than
30,000 people have been killed in the
Gaza Strip during the Israeli offensive
launched in
response for all the latest news
download the weon app And subscribe to
our YouTube channel