well they were thrust into the global
spotlight even before they were pulled
out from the darkness now the 12 boys in
their coach who were rescued from that
flooded ty gave are speaking publicly
for the first time today the world got a
glimpse of the unwavering team spirit
that helped them survive
CTV's Onvia of Bhoja men on the kick off
to new hopes and new dreams the boys are
now out of hospital gowns and new wild
boars team jerseys and they showed off
their skills showing the world they're
healthy and strong by now they are
household names in Thailand China
newborn still each introduced himself
the youngest just 11 said his nickname
is ton and that he plays Ford the boys
recounted the battle for their lives
they went in simply to explore the cave
but after an hour underground water
rushed in pushing them further in ace
that he guided the boys to a spot with
water dripping from the rocks so they
could drink and that first night they
prayed the brown water would recede by
morning but of course it didn't and for
nine days they hoped tried to escape
digging tunnels swimming most of them
did know how but they had nothing to eat
I tried not to think about food
otherwise I would feel even hungrier he
said when British divers finally reached
them the only english-speaking boy
greeted them all I could think of was to
say hello he says our brains were very
slow by then it was a miracle
surrounded by the heroes who brought
them food then stayed and played
checkers with them underground
the boys spoke of their dreams now
people might have been lazy I want to
become a professional soccer player he
says but also a Navy SEAL I want to help
people but first they vowed to be
ordained as novice Buddhist monks an
offering to salmon cumin killed during
the search may he rest in peace they
said
the boys have all apologized to their
families but for the one known as dawn
it seems all forgiven finally his warm
welcome home their answers made it clear
they had no idea there was a massive
international operation to pull them out
they thought once out they would ride
their bikes home to a scolding from
their parents joon-gi bullsh - CTV News
Montreal