as if reports of the US mulling
sanctions on the ID of Unice were not
enough trouble for Israel to deal with
now local media agencies have revealed
that fresh tensions have erupted during
a recent War cabinet session this after
prime minister Netanyahu accused the
security minister yov Gallant of
security leaks while according to the
Israeli broadcaster KH uh Netanyahu
reportedly hinted at this issue by
saying and I quote here every time I sit
in small meetings with the defense
minister the head of mad and the head of
the shinb everything is leaked I know
that it's not the head of the mad and
not the head of the shin bed so who
could it be
[Music]
Gallant Gallant was reportedly not
present during the particular meeting
but several ministers and leaders of the
security establishment were in
attendance the Israeli security and
Military leadership have previously
voiced concerns about discussing cabinet
related matters out of fear of leaks
this is not the first face off though
between Netanyahu and Gallant uh earlier
this month Netanyahu claimed that a date
for the Rafa aggression had been set but
security minister y of galent later
debunked these statements during a visit
to Washington but this is not the only
internal battle Brewing within the
Israeli government cabinet ministers
like Benny Gans and itar Bin gabir are
also at loger heads the two are accusing
each other of damaging Israeli security
the accusations come in the wake of a
report that the United States is
planning on sanctioning the idf's ultra
Orthodox Nitsa Yehuda Battalion now
speaking with reporters in the knesset
on Sunday afternoon gance a former IDF
Chief himself uh and a member of the
Prime Minister Benjamin n whose War
cabinet declared without explicitly
naming Ben kavir that ministers who
damaged National Security should not sit
in
cabinet meanwhile national security
minister benir in return insisted that
it was Gans not him who was harming
National Security the US Secretary of
State Anthony blinkin has also spoken to
gallant and Benny Gans respectively
during both conversations blink spoke
about the urgent need for a qut
immediate ceasefire ensuring the release
of hostages and enhancing humanitarian
aid for Palestinian civilians
unquote for all the latest news download
the Von app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel