because I think Israel is not just a
state Israel is a project it's a settler
Colonial project and I do think that we
are witnessing the beginning of the end
of this uh project because it rests on
three pillars one is material of course
and and there I agree I mean when you
use an index that looks at
sustainability of State according to
their material capability Israel is
doing well and as you mentioned in your
introductory remarks he does well
because of the mainly because of the
United States so this is a condition
that can change the second pillar is the
social coherence of the settler society
and we know that this coherence is
non-existent anymore uh there is a bit
of an optic illusion because of the
Hamas operation on the 7th of October
that created a sense of unity but it's
not going to cover up for the uh
fragmentation of the society that we
have seen until the 7th of October it
seems that coherence that is based or
social coherence that is based on uh
hatred of of the Arabs or the
Palestinians and doesn't have very much
anything else in common is not very
sustainable and more importantly than
anything else of course there is the
legitimacy pillar and of Israel enjoys
the legitimacy of Western governments or
governments in the global North
and therefore there is a sense that it
can still be sustainable because of that
support of the elites but it has lost
the support of the Civil societies and
this is why probably it's the only state
in the world that lobbies for its
existence not for its policies not for
its better economic uh performance but
but but for its very uh moral
justification and it's losing that
battle uh just a aat uh uh as an
historian I can tell you that when
projects like settler
colonialism are reaching their last
phase unfortunately this can be quite a
long period it doesn't happen in one day
or two days and the problem is of course
that they become more brutal and
ruthless