our top story Benin Netanyahu says
Israel will now push on with its
offensive against Hamas including into
the South Gaza City of Rafa despite
growing International pressure to stop
Rafa straddles the border between Gaza
Strip and Egypt approximately 1.4
million Palestinians have now been
pushed into Rafa by Relentless Israeli
bombing people are in dense clusters in
The Limited space not filled with Deb or
being bombed by Israel conditions are
dire at with severe
[Music]
shortages yes there is international
pressure and it is
growing but particularly when the
international pressure arises we must
close
ranks we need to stand together against
the attempts to stop the
war Israeli military will continue to
operate against Hamas in all the Gaza
Strip including in Rafa hamas's final
stronghold whoever tells us not to act
in Rafa is telling us to lose the
war and that will not
happen Gaza Health authorities say more
than 30,000 Palestinians have been
killed in The Enclave since the War
Began it was triggered by the Hamas
attack on the 7th of October during
which 1200 people were killed in
southern Israel and 253 were taken
hostage
[Music]
[Music]
Israelis protested for the immediate
release of hostages near Israel's
defense Ministry headquarters where
prime minister Benjamin Nyah was
convening the war cabinet protesters
briefly block the road outside the
outside while holding posters with
images of those held in Gaza and counted
numbers of days their loved ones were
held in
captivity 153 days what we are asking
for we know you entered a short while
ago at the Kia we know you can hear us
and it's good we are here to give you
strength and to ask for you to meet us
today meet us so you can explain to us
where things
stand Hamas have said that negotiations
over Gaza ceasefire and the release of
more Israeli hostages will resume next
week after a delegation of the
Palestinian militant group left KIRO the
United States Egypt and Qatar have been
trying to broker an agreement that would
stop the fighting for 6 weeks and
include the release of some hostages
held in Gaza in exchange for some
Palestinians imprisoned in Israel for
latest news download the Von app And
subscribe to our YouTube channel