yesterday a un bat report revealed the
shocking reality that famine in Gaza is
imminent half the population is expected
to face catastrophic levels of hunger
the highest number of people ever
recorded under this system only twice in
20 years have famine conditions been
reached but what distinguishes the
horror in Gaza from what has come before
is that this is not driven by drought or
natural disaster it is
manmade it is the consequences of War it
is the consequence of Aid that is
available not reaching those who need it
food is piled up in trucks just a few
kilometers away while children in Gaza
are starving it's unbearable and it must
not go on international law is clear is
Israel has an obligation to ensure the
provision of Aid The Binding measures
ordered by the icj require this the
world has demanded it for months yet
still Aid flows are woefully inadequate
Aid actually fell by half between
February and uh between January and
February this is
outrageous the continued restrictions on
Aid flows are completely unacceptable it
must stop now just as Hamas must release
the hostages now I don't doubt that the
minister agrees with me I do but will he
have the courage to say that the icj's
orders including on Aid are binding yes
and that Israel must comply with them
and does the fcd's lawyers believe
Israel is in compliance currently with
its
obligations amid this accelerating
hunger crisis prime minister Netanyahu
reportedly approved plans for an
offensive against Rafa this would risk
catastrophic humanitarian consequences
it would be a disaster for civilians and
a strategic mistake how is the
government working to prevent a further
attack on Rafa the truth is this if it
isn't possible to address the crisis in
Gaza uh it won't be possible to address
the crisis in Gaza if the fighting
doesn't stop and that is also the best
way to secure the release of hostages so
will the government finally now join
with us and dozens of countries and call
for an immediate humanitarian
ceasefire