the impact of the strikes are
devastating for lots of Iraqis uh the
pmf commissionary uh is uh giving or
published a list of the 16 names of the
deceased and Marts that they died in the
last attack and they are willing to uh
launch a uh a funeral ceremony for these
uh 16 members of pmf uh uh next day uh
and uh also the presidency uh were also
gave a statement an official statement
saying that Iraq was willing to uh uh
going on U uh minimizing the forces uh
and their presence in Iraq but uh the
problem is this attack that could
undermine the uh uh chances for these
debates and
negotiations uh from reaching out its
goals also the presidency uh requested
uh for an urgent uh meeting for all the
political parties in order to come up
with a unified stand uh to uh condemn
the attack and to uh uh preserve the
security and sovereignity of the country
the uh the Prime Minister also uh
condemned this attack saying that I
refuse uh to make Iraq as an AR
for these two Powers uh and and Iraq
would pay the price by its own people's
blood uh also they send a strong note of
protesting uh submitted to the uh charge
Affairs
of USM Ambassador uh Embassy uh saying
that uh uh this should be stopped and uh
Iraq cannot tolerate more uh Bloodshed
in its soil so uh in in general uh we
see that Iraq is going on uh really uh
uh embarrassing and also a critical uh
time uh Mr mtad s a religious uh leader
uh have recently also tweeted uh a note
saying that or asking his followers not
to uh be part of this conflict saying
that uh urging his followers uh just to
uh pray and uh uh practice a withdrawal
in mosques uh uh instead of joining or
participating in anyhow of this conflict
against the US uh forces thank you uh
also we heard some news uh some
explosions nearby the airport Baghdad
airport and two drones being launched uh
through two bases two American bases one
in Syria and the other uh in iraqistan
in aril and alhar uh base uh these two
drones uh attacking drones been launched
by the Iraqi uh uh uh resistance uh
Islamic resistance in Iraq