so as the war is being fought on the
battlefield there's another war that is
Raging both on social media and on
mainstream media as well and this is the
war for narrative statements have been
made by global leaders the world has it
appears taken sides in this war but
irrespective what side you're on
remember it is the common civilians
who've got nothing to do with any kind
of extremism who at this moment are
getting pounded by bombs that are
falling in on their heads from the sky
the fingers are being pointed at
different parties that are involved in
having triggered an escalation but the
key question on accountability and also
about the safety of innocent civilians
remains completely
unanswered and also what remains
unanswered are the horrific instances of
war crimes that are being committed take
a look at these images a frontal
coordinated assault bamas that sent
shock waves through not just Israel but
indeed across the world the militants
entered the homes and killed Israeli
civilians and also took women and
children hostage they took several
soldiers hostage as
well there were those who were killed
during a music festival who were
completely unaware that Palestinian
gunmen were about to unleash a Carnage
on
[Laughter]
them
these are just some of the images from
the thousands that are coming out of
Gaza hours after the Hamas attack on the
7th of October Israel has declared war
and has carried out a Relentless
campaign to bombard the tiny Gaza Strip
merly even though there are 2.3 million
civilians who live in the Gaza Strip
half of them are said to be children
less than the age of 18 the banks
schools residential buildings nothing
has been spared in the absolute Carnage
that is being committed in Gaza missiles
have rained down over the 2.3 million
people hundreds of families have being
ripped apart there are bodies that have
been buried underneath the rubble of the
buildings that have been destroyed dead
bodies lining up of what is left on the
streets of Gaza this is what reality of
the war looks like no matter what side
that you seem to be supporting at this
moment the reality is it is the dead
bodies which are piling
up Von is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move