well the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Nathan yahu gave an ultimatum to Hamas
to surrender or die amid intense
fighting in Gaza this as Gaza Health
officials say more than 20,000 people
have been killed in the war here are the
details for
you Israel intends to fight until total
Victory prime minister Benjamin Nathan
yahu has iterated his country's
long-standing position on the
warut amid continuing alarm about the
humanitarian crisis in Gaza the United
Nations has declared catastrophic hunger
levels with thousands of people at risk
of family
in but hamas's latest statement has put
the Israeli government in a difficult
position Hamas has ruled out any more
hostage releases until Israel agrees to
a full cessation of
aggression meanwhile efforts continue at
the United Nations to pass a resolution
on the ongoing War has been adopted the
United States has said it still has
serious concerns over the draft un
Security Council resolution which is why
a vote on the resolution was postponed
for a fourth day in a
row reports state that the vote was
delayed after Russia also veto power in
the UN Security Council and some other
council members complained during closed
door talks about the Amendments made to
appease the United
States meanwhile the crisis in the Red
Sea with continuing hthy attacks and the
need for more Indian workers in Israel
to the agenda during prime minister
Narendra Modi and Benjamin Nathan yah's
phone call on
Tuesday emphasizing India's support for
free movement of commercial
shipping the ministry of external
Affairs has said that this is something
India will continue to Monitor and um
there have been three hearings in the
this as the International Community is
increasingly turning against Israel's
ongoing military Onslaught in Gaza in
large part due to a growing civilian
death toll and humanitarian crisis
that's putting new pressure on Israel's
government and its closest Ally the
United States which is supplying and
backing the Israeli offensive Nathan
yahu vows to utterly eliminate Hamas
militarily and politically but analysts
seriously doubt that is possible yet
even if he succeeds he has failed so far
to answer US President Joe Biden's basic
question what comes next peshwar Bava
for NDTV