a manhunt lasting more than two days
ended before dawn on sunday israeli
troops detaining six palestinians near
janine in the occupied west bank two
suspects in a deadly shooting attack
four others accused of helping them
israel's security service says the men
belonged to palestinian islamic jihad
there was a success in closing a circle
around the terrorists in a very short
space of time without allowing them to
disappear into the field
thursday's attack killed 25 year old
israeli settler yehuda dement man
injuring two others in the car he was
traveling in they were leaving the
illegal outpost of homesch in the
northern west bank officially withdrawn
from in 2005 but still operating as the
site of a jewish religious seminary the
shooting here was the latest in a surge
of attacks carried out by palestinians
against israelis in recent weeks but it
also comes in the context of
intensifying settler violence targeting
palestinians here in the occupied west
bank
just hours after the shooting and dozens
of kilometers away a group of settlers
attacked a home in the village of kariut
beating mikbell with iron bars he
remains in hospital
says the attackers pretended to be
israeli soldiers once inside they
smashed up the ground floor as well as
attacking wael
yazan migbel says he doesn't expect his
uncle's attackers to be brought to
justice i believe they uh they know
where these guys come from because they
i believe they're organized
and so do you think they'll actually be
arrested and prosecuted for what they've
done um
unfortunately we i do have like a strong
conviction that people who do do such
things they're not afraid of the
consequences last month israeli rights
group betselam published a report
accusing israel of using settler
violence to help appropriate thousands
of hectares of land in an organized
institutionalized manner
israel's foreign minister last week
called settler violence a stain the
prime minister calls it insignificant
saying settler pioneers require
protection
late on sunday the israeli army revealed
that settlers at hamesh had the night
before attacked soldiers who are
preventing them from erecting new
structures at the outpost the settlers
have called for reinforcements harry
fawcett al jazeera in the occupied west
bank