11-year-old n Mau is one of more than a
thousand gazan children to have
undergone leg amputations since the
conflict with Israel escalated according
to UNICEF her left leg was almost
entirely ripped off when her home in
jabalia Gaza was hit by an explosion in
October I used to run and play I was so
happy with my
life but now when I lost my leg my life
became ugly and I got sad I hope I can
get an artificial
limb a generation of child amputees is
emerging in The Enclave amid Israel's
retaliatory Blitz after hamas's deadly
October 7 attacks it's led to blast and
Crush injuries as densely packed
high-rise housing blocks are bombed but
doctors and Aid workers say gaza's
collapsed medical system is ill place to
give children the followup care needed
poor hygiene and Medicine shortages
spell more complications and amputations
on existing injuries at the European
Hospital nurse waa Haman provides as
much care as she
can I try as much as I can to make
things easier for them as a nurse but no
matter what you do they have severe
psychological
problems they feel incomplete with lots
of pain with that we have shortages in
painkillers and they need them
permanently experts say children with
war related amputations will need dozens
of surgeries by the time they reach
adulthood because the bone keeps growing
the strip's main prosthetic limb Center
the Kari funded Hamad Hospital in Gaza
City was shuted weeks ago after being
hit by Israel Gaza Health authorities
say British emergency medicine doctor
Chris hook has just returned from
working in Gaza many limbs that have
apparently have been saved will go on to
require
amputation and many amputations and
limbs that we think have been saved may
still go on to to die of the longer term
consequences um of all of this Israeli
authorities have previously said they
work to minimize harm to civilians
Israel's military spokesperson's unit
pointed to what it called hamas's
strategy of the exploitation of Civilian
structures for ter purposes but provided
no specific comment on child
amputees gaza's Health Ministry says the
total recorded Palestinian death toll
had reached over 22,000 by Thursday
that's almost 1% of its 2.3 million
population