the read began early Monday morning when
Israeli soldiers stormed the camp with
the objective of arresting a member of
Commerce and Islamic Jihad
locals say they used live ammunition
stunt grenades and gas
the ground troops were backed by
gunships that fired Rockets during the
operation
those killed included a minor
anytime I asked him for something he
always says yes he is decent polite
respectful but his problem was the
moment the Israeli Army raided he run
towards them he wanted to die after his
friend Omar was killed the death of his
friend Omar was very painful for him
Hama says it responded and its Fighters
were later involved in clashes with
Israeli forces
occupation carried out a crime in Janine
through the raid using tanks and planes
and by killing Martyrs in this Zionist
occupation against the Janine Camp the
resistance was present and ready and
they inflicted direct casualties on
Israel soldiers through a successful
Ambush conducted by the Kazam Bill Gates
and improvised explosive device
targeting an Israeli military vehicle
seriously wounded soldiers as the Army
was pulling out after the incursion
Israeli analysts Justified The Raid as
essential for Israel's security it is
true of course the peace was an
offensive operation for a defensive
reason but the helicopter uh which you
showed uh tried to uh prevent the
Palestinians from getting closer to the
vehicle and its occupants so it did not
fire at the refugee camp itself but only
at the immediate vicinity of the stock
vehicle the other helicopter which you
showed on the ground is a medical
evacuation uh helicopter it had nothing
to do with the first one the rate comes
as Israel appears set to approve new
building permits for settlements in the
occupied West Bank these are illegal
under international law
Palestinians insist Israelis continue
such race to stifle growing descent and
displaced locals to start more land in
the area
person DRT world