meanwhile fresh clashes broke out at the
al-aqsa compound again today this comes
after a 10-day cooling of tensions at
the holy site the reason was the return
of jewish worshippers to the al-aqsa
compound
jews returned to the site for the first
time this month
palestinians have been angered by an
uptick in jewish visits and they fear
that this is an assault on the status
quo of al-aqsa the sibling tensions led
to new clashes between palestinian
worshippers and the israeli police
forces
foreign
al-aqsa is islam's third holiest site it
is silver domed mosque inside the 35
acre compound or the noble sanctuary by
muslims but the location is also
considered to be holy in judaism for
jews it is known by the name of temple
mount jews believe that the compound is
where the biblical jewish temples once
stood for decades it has been a major
flash point the most contested territory
in the israeli-palestinian conflict
currently jordan acts as the custodian
of the al-aqsa
this was agreed upon by both israel and
jordan in a peace treaty they decided
that the waqf or the islamic trust could
have control over matters inside the
compound on the other hand israel would
control external security and
non-muslims would be allowed onto the
side during visiting ours but they would
not be allowed to pray there
the al-aqsa has long been a flash point
in the israel-palestine conflict
palestine called israel's action the
declaration of a religious war
meanwhile jordan slammed israel for
allowing jewish extremists in the
compound
however israel maintains that it will
not change the status quo of al-aqsa
in your country download the app now and
get all the news updates on the move