[Music]
Gaza tonight is in almost total darkness
all Communications have been cut the
electricity is down and making contact
with anyone inside is virtually
impossible the only light came from the
flash of massive explosions that could
be seen for miles around and the Israeli
military confirmed that its ground
operations were
expanding in addition to the attacks
that we carried out in recent days
forces are expanding their activity this
evening the IDF is acting with great
force in all directions to achieve the
objectives of the
war in recent days Sky News has filmed
inside Al shiver Hospital the largest in
Gaza City there been treating thousands
of patients and thousands more have fled
there for safety in the hospital grounds
but the Israeli military has now
released what it claims is proof that
Hamas has a large Command Center
underneath the hospital and said there
was now a red flag on it a surgeon at
alifa says it won't be possible to
evacuate patients how do you evacuate
1,700 critically injured patients 150
ventilated patients how do you evacuate
over a 100 patients with Burns over 40%
of their body surface area International
humanitarian law was created to protect
hospitals protect them against attack
and this idea that if you tell people
that you're going to commit a war crime
against them somehow it becomes less of
a war crime it is a war crime what seems
certain is that there are fewer and
fewer places of safety in Gaza now the
head of the UN Refugee agency in Gaza
has told Sky News they're on a verge of
a major disaster we talk already about 7
7,500 people having been killed
the number will be staggering there will
be more suffering there will be more
displacement and more people killed but
beyond that more people in Gaza will
feel completely abandoned by the
International Community we'll feel that
the world is turning into back we feel
that the world has selective compassion
and empathy despite claims that
negotiations to release civilian
hostages were progressing
there are reports in Israel tonight that
the government doesn't believe that
Hamas is acting in good faith and
instead is just trying to delay a ground
Invasion it might be that Israel is
running out of patience alist bule Sky
News in
Jerusalem