the President says that he is outraged
and heartbroken after seven Aid workers
were killed while simply doing their
jobs in Gaza he's demanding a full
explanation from Israel and he's also
accusing the Netanyahu government of not
doing enough to protect civilians quote
this is not a standalone incident the
president is saying tonight and he's
right about that here is a number that
too few people know
196 that is the number of Aid workers
that have been killed since Israel and
Hamas went to war in Gaza on October 7th
that toll is a stain on humanity and on
Monday the shock that an attack left
seven people Heroes literally blown
apart it was not even the first time
that workers with Jose Andre's
organization were attacked by Israeli
Firepower tonight amid resounding
outrage Israel admits it made a mistake
unintentional harm a mistake Israel
wants the world to see this as simply a
fog of War accident but even that raises
all kinds of questions about whether
they really know who they are targeting
in real time we'll get into more detail
about what we know about what happened
in this particular incident in a moment
but simply put this organization did
everything right their cars were marked
their movements were coordinated with
the IDF and yet there were multiple
strikes not just
one the cost of feeding millions of
people whose lives have been torn apart
by War should not be paid in Blood and
we say it too often here on this show
and it is true yet again tonight what we
are about to show you is extremely
graphic it is disturbing but it is the
reality black body bags piled into the
back of an ambulance foreign passports
belonging to those men and women inside
of them pictures showing what they
looked like before the bombs mangled
their bodies before Rec beyond
recognition the worst of it we cannot
show you in good conscience limbs burst
open by shrapnel The Volunteers arrayed
in a row clothes turned black and red
from
blood their faces cold and blank other
faces that don't look like faces at all
all
anymore we have to emphasize that these
are not combatants they were in Gaza
because they wanted to make sure that
people didn't
starve but they knew the risks and yet
they also knew that under international
law their work is supposed to be
protected