I'm in alaka hospital in the middle area
of Gaza the middle part of the Gaza
Strip in the emergency department where
they're treating children several
children on the floor and on a gurnie
behind me doctors calling out for
scalpel and chest tubes many people
coming in from an explosion there's one
child who unfortunately passed away
whose body is not identified um and it's
as you can see a chaotic scene uh
unfortunately this area
uh is close to an area that was uh
evacuated yesterday an evacuation order
was issued and um they've lost a lot of
their staff this hospital is currently
operating with about 30% of the staff
that it had just a few days ago um they
are seeing in some cases hundreds of
casualties every day in a small
emergency department uh yesterday they
said they had one doctor working
overnight in this emergency department
with hundreds in some cases of
casualties coming in on a daily basis so
they're treating children on the floor
as you can see behind me the floor is
actually covered in blood there are
patients coming in every few minutes um
and it's it's really a chaotic scene the
hospital director just spoke to us and
he said his one request is that this
Hospital be protected even though many
of his staff have left even though this
hospital is under enormous pressure the
one request that the hospital director
said is that the International Community
needs to make sure that this hospital
and other hospitals like it stay
protected that they not get struck that
they not get evacuated that they're able
to continue functioning that's the
critical message for today even though
this hospital is under normous strain
even though there's a small child being
treated on the floor behind me what
they're asking for is protection for
health facilities for the International
Community to make sure that this place
remains safe