tal mitnik is the first Israeli
conscientious objector to be sent to
jail since the Gaza War Began last
October he was sent to military prison
for 30 days for refusing to serve in the
Israeli military and was released last
Friday I arrived at the uh enlistment uh
place I told them I'm not doing this I
refuse they sent me to the um holding
cell and then I got sentenced for 30
days do you think some of the people
that you serve time with or some of the
guards or even The Wider Israeli public
consider you a traitor I don't only
think I've I've heard it a lot of times
before I don't consider myself a traitor
obviously I think that I'm working for
both the best interests of Israelis and
Palestinians because none of us are free
until we are all free it's only peace
and it's only Freedom that will bring us
security benam Netanyahu is coming under
increasing pressure to agree a new
hostage
deal
today families interrupted a committee
in the knesset urging the government to
do more to bring their relatives home
the objective of the war is to eliminate
Hamas and to bring back the hostages it
can't be achieved with more and more
fighting because like we saw the way
that we brought back the hostages at the
end of the day was a deal where we
exchanged prisoners for hostages
okay as we're talking tal receives a
call from the IDF by
that's from the military saying what
that they told me now I have to come on
Tuesday instead of Monday so you refuse
to serve again will you yes they think
that sentencing me for 30 days will
somehow make me feel threatened but I
stay with my beliefs and I'll refuse to
serve once again and you fully expect to
go back to prison yes on Tuesday
afternoon or evening I'll be sent back
to prison for another sentence must play
on your mind a
bit I think to myself that I've gone
through 30 I can take another 30 and I
can take another 30 after that because I
know that a lot of people support me um
and that I'm and I'm succeeding in
making a change and showing the world
that there's another way and that we can
choose nonviolence over
violence the Israeli assault of Gaza
continues Israel has generally been
United since the October the 7th Terror
attacks tal mitnick's conscientious
objection is rare but the voices of
protest and descent are becoming
louder alist bule Sky News in Tel
Aviv