turning to the Israel Hamas War amid US
President Joe Biden calling for a change
in Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
netanyahu's heartline approach over Gaza
he will be sending his top security
advisor and defense Chief to Israel
sooner than later Moon explains what
this could bring to the conflict in The
War
Zone White House's National Security
adviser Jake Sullivan is set to travel
to Israel within the week to discuss a
timetable for the war as Israel and its
longtime Ally the United States fa
diplomatic isolation over bombings in
Gaza another top White House official
defense secretary Lloyd Austin will
visit next week to reiterate US
President Joe Biden's message to protect
civilian lives in the waron region Biden
warned his Israeli counterpart that the
indiscriminate bombing against Hamas was
hurting Global support proven by the
non-binding resolution passed in the
United Nations General Assembly on
Tuesday which called for a humanitarian
ceasefire an overwhelming majority of
153 countries voted in favor while only
10 including the US voted against
showing the consensus regarding the
conflict Biden also said that Netanyahu
needed to change his government
dominated by Hardline right parties
calling it the most conservative
government in Israel's history as they
ultimately can't say no to an
independent Palestinian State the
Israeli Prime Minister admitted that
while there was a disagreement between
the two all Li he expressed hope that
the two sides could reach an agreement
regarding what he called the post Hamas
Gaza Strip while Sullivan is due to hold
talks about this matter Netanyahu is
against Biden's idea to allow the
Palestinian Authority to govern the Gaza
Strip following the end of the armed
conflict this Rift between the US and
Israel and the show of global support
for a ceasefire comes amid continued air
strikes in The Enclave creating what the
chief of the UN Agency for Palestinian
refugees has called hell on Earth Earth
Hamas officials said that at least 50
people were killed in the bombings
following the UN General Assembly
meeting more than 18,000 Palestinians
have reportedly been killed with many
being women or children meanwhile voter
reported that there are 135 hostages
still being held captive by Hamas while
the Israeli government commented that 19
are presumed to have been
killed news