if we killed 4,000 Palestinian kids you
know what it wasn't enough it wasn't
enough but you're a terrorist you
support terrorists this guy is believes
in
[Music]
Hamas
it's not my fault that you pray to a
criminal listen listen I'm I'm working
now okay can you leave please go please
you're not
working there's nobody here was a child
Lon go it says in the Hadith you read
the Hadith what do you
speak you speak Arabic the language of
the
[Music]
Quan you're a terrorist you support
terrorism listen go I'm not support
something you do you support terrorism
I'm not go children you're a terrible
person you kill children not me what go
my kids what about my kids you kill
children not me go I didn't kill
children okay why see here you know why
if we killed 4,000 Palestinian kids you
know what it wasn't enough it wasn't
enough go go go go have sex with her
when she was nine and her hair fell out
says that in your own home book some
some people use as a
toilet what do you think of that it says
in the in the H in your holy book oh
Muhammad what oh Muhammad Muhammad your
your Prophet you know who my Prophet
[Music]
yeah
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
what the changes in India's population
and the differential growth rate
rationals about why it's not ending
what's your rationale we have a very
special guest on the record interview
the role that the um us side played at
that point of
time assume my phone is tapped I can
probably say hello to Mr
mod
Pakistan has a unique negotiating the
rising confidence of India under prime
minister Narendra Modi communist China
is the greatest threat there will come a
day that we will see far more radical
extremist I'm uh I'm still a little
perplexed by why we
have your daily dose of news from India
and across the world Cutting Edge views
and
Analysis tune in HT videos click on the
Bell icon to
subscribe