Israeli Prime Minister Benin Netanyahu
will soon face a crucial legislative
test in the Israeli keset the outcome is
expected to have repercussions for a
schan government and it also affects its
war against habas militants Netanyahu
will have to make a decision on two
military conscription draft laws the old
draft law that has been going back and
forth for a few years now since
1998 the draft law aims to turn into law
the exempt from being enlisted in the
military for Ultra Orthodox students now
these students belong to the traditional
Jewish educational institution however
26 years ago the Israeli Supreme Court
had ruled the exemption
unconstitutional as it discriminated
against those enlisted themselves since
then the court has ruled on the issue
twice most recently in 2017 when it said
that the knesset has not solved the
problem so far the yed government has
managed to get extensions due to the
five rapid general elections that
prevented any new law from getting
passed but last August the extension ran
out and now Israel's top court has to
again rule on a petition to call up
young haridi Jews to be enlisted in the
military the Netanyahu Le government
will have to respond to the petition by
next Thursday reports suggest that
drafting Yeshiva students in the
military could spell an immed mediate
end to
netanyahu's governing Coalition given
his dependence on the haridi
parties the second conscription draft
law is published by the defense ministry
under the bill compulsory service for
male conscripts will be raised to 3
years from 32
months also the age till which reservice
can be called up for Duty will be raised
to 45 and 50 for
officers
[Music]