with the war between Israel and Hamas
nearly 3 months old Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin is returning to the
Middle East late Thursday it is his
fourth visit since Hamas launched a
surprise attack on Israel on October 7th
killing 1,200 Israelis State Department
spokesperson Matthew Miller had this
announcement Thursday over the course of
the next week the secretary will visit
Turkey Greece Jordan cutter the United
Arab Emirates Saudi Arabia Israel the
West Bank and Egypt for meetings with
foreign counterparts and
others fears of the Israel Hamas
conflict spreading into a regional War
have grown after the targeted killing of
Hamas deputy chief Sal Al aruri in
Lebanon on Tuesday an attack that Israel
has neither confirmed nor denied that it
carried out Miller said blink will work
to calm tensions he will focus on as he
has consistently since October 7th
preventing the conflict from expanding
he will discuss specific steps parties
can take including how they can use
their influence with others in the
region to avoid escalation it is in no
one's interest not Israel's not the
regions not the world's for this
conflict to spread Beyond Gaza Israel
had vowed to eliminate Hamas leaders
after the October 7th attack and says
its forces at its northern border with
Lebanon are on high
alert President Joe Biden has come under
heavy criticism for his strong support
of Israel's right to defend itself after
the attack as more than 22,000
Palestinians have been reported as
killed by Israel in Gaza since the War
Began experts say critics often have
unrealistic expectations about how much
influence Biden or blinkin has on
Israel's decisions on how to conduct the
war there's this myth that the United
States has some magic button or lever
that if we simply just cut off the
delivery of shipment of certain weapons
or if we as certain Senators have said
we should just shut off the funding
somehow for this uh for for Israel's uh
efforts to defend itself that somehow
this will lead Israel to think
differently about the threat environment
it faces the state department said
protecting and helping civilians in
Israel Gaza and the West Bank will be at
the top of the list at each one of
Lincoln's stops on his tour Cindy s vaa
news