now moving on the crisis over the unrwa
funding continues as several key donor
countries to the UN agency refused to
review their decision at least 11
countries had earlier said that they
would halt funding now the decision
follows Israeli charges that some unrwa
staff took part in Hamas October 7th
attack unrwa has fired several staff and
promised a thorough investigation into
the claims which were not specified
Israel has vowed to stop the agency's
work in Gaza after the war observers and
Aid workers said that the move by the
donors would exacerbate hunger even
before the conflict the unrwa it was
struggling to secure funding and warned
that it was on the verge of collapse
many of its 13,000 staff members are
refugees themselves and at least
150 have been killed since the Israel
Hamas conflict
began Egyptian foreign minister Sam
shukri said he was surprised by the move
to pause unrwa funding and said it would
lead to more suffering for Palestinians
the Cairo based Arab League said the
suspension of funding aims to abandon
relief efforts for millions of
Palestinian refugees the Turkish foreign
Ministry also urged countries that had
paused funding to reconsider their move
Palestinian Authority president Mahmud
Abbas accused Israel of leading an
oppressive campaign against the agency
he said and I'm quoting here the
campaign aims to liquidate the issue of
Palestinian refugees senior Hamas
official zi Abu Zori said that Israeli
accusations against the unrwa were a
challenge to the international Court of
Justice's decision remember now on
Friday the world court ordered Israel to
prevent acts of genocide in
Gaza Israel has been strongly critical
of the United Nations and in particular
Antonio gues since early in the war
Israel's then foreign minister Eli Kohan
said on November 14th that the UN Chief
was not fit to head the organization I
ation he stated that gutieres had not
done enough to condemn Hamas and was too
close to Iran unrwa was set up to help
refugees of War at Israel's founding in
1948 and provides Education Health and
aims to and Aid to them in Gaza the West
Bank Jordan Syria and
Lebanon