third phase of ground operations in Gaza
it has once again stressed that
demilitarization is the top priority at
the moment however the situation for
gazin is becoming difficult with each
passing day here's a
report Israeli forces said on Wednesday
they had surrounded the house of hamas's
leader as they battled Palestinian
militants in the heart of South gaza's
biggest city in a statement on Wednesday
evening Israel's military said its
troops were carrying out to quote Target
raids in central Han unit for the first
time it also released footage said to
show its operations there though Reuters
was not able to independently verify the
location or when it was
filmed in a video message prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu said Israeli forces
had encircled the house of Hamas leader
Yaya Al Sina in the
city his house may not be his Fortress
and he can escape but it's only a matter
of time before we get him
meanwhile the situation is getting
increasingly difficult for
civilians tragic scenes like this one
continue to emerge with these children
sobbing after their father was wounded
when Israeli forces bombed a school in E
Han
Yunis gaza's Health Ministry has said
more than 16,000 have died in the war
while local Medics said hospitals were
overflowing with a dead and
wounded about 8 mil south of Han Yunis
tens of thousands have been crammed into
the city of Rafa on the border with
Egypt after Israeli forces told them
they would be safe there but a house was
struck on Wednesday killing at least 15
people according to Rafa officials
hundreds of thousands of people
displaced from North Gaza by the war are
Desperately Seeking shelter while the
number of places in the South marked a
safe by Israel shrinks on Wednesday
United Nations Secretary General Antonio
gues made a rare move to forly warn the
security Council of of a global threat
from the Gaza War he invoked a special
un rule to push for a ceasefire in a
letter to the council saying The Enclave
faces quote a severe risk of collapse of
the humanitarian system the United Arab
Emirates drafted a resolution to the
council demanding an immediate
humanitarian ceasefire with a vote
sought on Friday but the United States
one of five veto powers on the 15 member
council is opposed to a ceasefire saying
it would only benefit Hamas
[Music]