a different kind of fire lighting up the
Skies of tyan early
Sunday stateb TV showing Iranians
cheering the historic launching of
rockets and drones toward
Israel we hope this attack continues to
the point that Israel is destroyed says
this woman but elsewhere many panicked
about what a war could mean lining up at
gas stations in a country already
struggling with high
inflation Iran's foreign minister says
his country has no intention of
continuing the attacks but it will
respond if Israel responds Iran says its
attack is Revenge for the April 1st
bombing of an Iranian Consulate in Syria
it killed senior Iranian commanders and
is widely blamed on Israel it's not
about retaliation or Revenge it's about
uh the interest of the Iranian regime to
make sure that
projects um the turns capacities so it
could continue its aggression and
expansion policy across the Middle East
Iran denies Israel's right to exist
funding Hamas Hezbollah and other
proxies for years but its government
needed to consider the consequences of a
direct war with a country backed by the
United States making sure Israel knew
the attacks were coming so it and its
allies could more easily intercept the
attack whereby Iran sends missiles that
don't cause any casualties but still
show some sort of strength and Biden
wins by intercepting nearly every single
one of those missiles analyst Sami Hamdi
says Iran's move will prove popular
across the Middle East what Iran wants
to show is that in firing those missiles
it is the only Muslim power standing up
realistically for the Palestinians
ultimately Iran is gambling that the US
will be able to stop Israel from hitting
back if Israel ignores Washington the
tyan regime will have some very sobering
decisions to make Redmond Shannon Global
News London