has amped up its attacks on the Gaza
Strip as the war rages on for the fourth
week the Israeli Defense Forces say that
they have struck more than 600 sites
identified by them as militant Targets
this is close to
8, 600 Palestinians have been killed so
far over 3,000 of them children just
days after launching a ground offensive
the IDF tunks attacked Northern Gaza
early in the day the military claimed
that four key Hamas operatives have been
killed has coordinated air and land
raats have been amped up in the wake of
the heightened attacks Israeli air
strikes also targeted areas just 50
m away from the alad's hospital the D
destruction comes on the hills of
Palestinian red crescent saying that
Israeli officials warned them to
evacuate the
hospital we don't have the means to
evacuate Al Goods hospital we have over
400 patients who are inside the hospital
many of them are in the Intensive Care
Unit evacuating them means killing them
that's why we refuse the evacuation
order we call on the International
Community to intervene immediately to
stop a humanitarian catastrophic that is
unfolding while the barage of attacks
continue in Gaza tensions have also
escalated in the West Bank Israeli just
killed four people during a raid in
Janine thousands of mourners came out to
the streets during a funeral procession
for the civilians
killed Palestinians in the West Bank
have been clashing with IDF personnel as
military Israeli military carries out
regular raids in the region on Sunday
night Palestinian youngsters were seen
harling stones at an Israeli bulldozer
as violence escalated in that region at
the same time Israel has also bolstered
its presence on the Lebanon border
tensions between Israel and Hezbollah in
Lebanon has skyrocketed with both sides
regularly exchanging artillery
[Music]
fire weon is now available in your
country download the now and get all the
news on the
move