when it comes to Israel Israel uh the
decision maker right now is the prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu and the
defense minister is yav galand now
Netanyahu has huge popularity he became
the prime minister in in the elections
which was held last year in 2022 around
November December a coalition government
came and now it is known that Netanyahu
has got the most right-wing government
his Coalition Partners have been asking
or demanding him to wipe out Gaza bring
it down so that is a situation but Mr
Netanyahu uh is the most famous prime
minister the most famous leader there
and his defense minister yov Galan has
been updating about the status of the
operation which has been launched
against the Hamas in the Gaza region so
these two are the power centers in
Israel uh they're also the decision
makers there now uh as far as Gaza Strip
is concerned as we as I rightly
mentioned earlier that how it was under
Hamas control since 2007 so right now
the Hamas Chief is ismile hania he's is
a politically spokesperson as well uh he
has good Rao with the uh other Arab
Nations like in Lebanon he has good
Coalition or sort of contact with
Hezbollah with Qatar they have good Rao
because Qatar keeps providing funds for
Gaza as well as in the West Bank areas
and his military Chief is Muhammad de uh
he is the one who takes all these uh you
know like he's aware about the
operations what sort of Terror attacks
or what sort of milit they what they
call their defensive action like he's
responsible for planning and executing
or overseeing it now coming to West Bank
West Bank is another part of the
Palestine that is under uh Mahmud Abbas
who is the president there and the
government or the party or the or the
government which rules there is called
Palestinian Authority so Mahmud Abbas
has been there for almost 17 19 years as
a president the last time an interesting
fact that the last time elections
happened in West Bank it was done by
India India assisted in conducting the
entire election in the West Bank area