welcome back to the program UK foreign
secretary Lord David Cameron was an
Israel Ur today urging prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu to do as little as
possible to escalate tensions in the
Middle East after Israel vowed to reply
to Iran's unprecedented missile and
drone attack over the weekend Iran's
president Ibrahim re warned the
slightest attack by Israel on Iran will
be dealt with fiercely and severely
speaking to reporters shortly after
arriving in Jerusalem Mr Cameron said he
was there to show solidarity after
Iran's attack he urged the world's
largest economies to coordinate
sanctions against Iran to show a united
front who was also supposed to be
pushing for returning the focus to peace
in Gaza G it Aid into Hamas and the
release of hostages
however the Israeli Prime Minister told
Mr Cameron Israel would make its own
decisions over how to respond to an
Iranian attack and that his government
would do everything necessary to defend
itself he's repeatedly vowed to
retaliate the unprecedented missile and
drone assault over the
weekend thank you
for speaking of the war in Gaza and with
Hamas the militant group says that
freeing its prisoners from Israeli jail
is a top priority it said this in a
statement is a country marks Palestinian
prisoners Day a national holiday
dedicated to freeing prisoners and
showing support for their rights Hamas
says Israel continues to practice the
most heinous crimes against prisoners
inside prisons and detention centers
including medical negligence torture and
direct killing it asks that it holds
Israel fully responsible for the lives
and safety of thousands of abductees
detained in the West Bank since October
7 nice
[Music]