uh about an hour ago uh two American
citizens held by Hamas since October 7th
uh were
released uh these two Americans are now
safely in the hands of Israeli
authorities in
Israel we expect the team from the US
Embassy to uh see them very shortly uh
over the coming hours they'll receive
any uh support and assistance they need
and of course we're very anxious to be
able to reunite them with their loved
ones we welcome their release we share
in the relief that their families
friends and loved ones are feeling but
there are still 10 additional Americans
who remain unaccounted for uh in this
conflict we know that some of them are
being held hostage by Hamas along with
an estimated 200 other hostages uh held
in
Gaza they include men
women young boys young girls elderly
people from many
nations every single one of of them
should be
released since the early earliest hours
of this crisis uh the president has made
clear that he will do everything
possible to secure the release of every
hostage uh during my own recent travel
to the region I emphasize the urgency
and importance of this to uh the United
States and pressed our partners to do
everything they can uh to help us secure
the
release uh since that time we' continued
to work relentlessly with Partners to do
just that I can't speak publicly about
the details of of these efforts and I
know you understand that but the Urgent
work to free every single American to
free all other hostages continues as
does our work to secure the safe passage
out of Gaza for the Americans who are
trapped there in this particular
instance uh I want to thank the
government of cutter for their very
important
assistance