the US President Joe Biden says the
occupation of Gaza is a big mistake
that's a statement that has come in from
Joe Biden remember previously the US has
said that Israel has the right to defend
itself while calling out the Hamas
terrorist but now Biden saying Israel's
occupation of Gaza is a big mistake uh
my colleague rishab joining us over the
phone line with the details rishab the
US president now speaking about the
occupation of Gaza by saying that this
is a mistake saying look what happened
in Gaza is Hamas and the extreme
elements of Hamas don't represent all of
Palestinian people Gess But continuing
to say that the occupation of Gaza is a
big
mistake definitely if you see Joe Biden
has also spoken to the Palestinian
authorities president uh mmud Abbas just
last evening and that's where he also
segregated both Palestine cause and
Hamas now the statement coming in that
if Israel occup Gaza that would be a b
big mistake clearly showcases Us's stand
that definitely us stands with Israel in
war against Terror war on Hamas but it
does not support the occupation of Gaza
Strip by Israel which is a settlement
where right now we know that there's a
huge density of Muslim Palestinian
population living so us is very clear
that yes we stand by Israel when it
comes to war against Hamas but if Israel
is planning to occupy the Gaza strip it
will be a big mistake is what Joe Biden
is saying and this happens when we know
that the Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin has been in Middle East we know
that Joe Biden has spoken to Mamu theas
as Netanyahu multiple times and now us
clearing it stand that yes we stand
against Hamas we uh we want Israel to
tackle Hamas as they want and as the
need be but occupation of Gaza will be a
mistake is what USA clearly segregating
mark from Palestine in call okay all
right rishab thank you for joining us
with those details