among the 240 people Hamas took hostage
on October 7th was Omar Nutra a US
citizen who had been serving in the
Israel Defense Forces his devastated
parents Ora and Ronin Neutra of Long
Island New York are grappling with the
situation this this is unimaginable
right and this has become a reality
these this month feels like 3
months and and then again it feels like
yesterday the insert that we live and
the 240 other families live simply
unbearable the neutral are hoping that
President Joe Biden who spoke to them
via Zoom can secure the return of their
son originally we were told that he's
going to give us 10 15 minutes he spent
over an hour with
us and really expressed his full
commitment and his administration full
commitment to bring this issue to a uh a
resolution ution um and as he said it
it's his top
priority others in the New York area are
also facing hardship Samy Shaban a
Palestinian American attorney and
businessman living in New Jersey says
many of his family members have been
killed in the Israeli shelling of Gaza
in recent weeks so this is my uncle
Muhammad uh who died this is his wife
this is his whole family that's my
cousin Abdullah and Muhammad everybody
in this picture is now
dead so I've lost 17 members in total
Shaban believes that this conflict could
persist for years death all around them
there's destruction and it's impossible
to make sense of it what's happening
today is only going to be something that
we will feel for 10 20 30 years Lisa
Sherk a professor of Peace studies at
the University of notredam in Indiana
sees potential for a political solution
to the decades long conflict it's in the
international community's interest it's
in Israel's interest to make sure that
out of this crisis and horrible period
we turn a corner we have a new paradigm
for relationship with Israel and
Palestine and that we don't let a a
generation of children in Gaza grow up
with anger and of course that rage
turned into the nightmare of October 7th
with um the war crimes that cannot be
justified by any excuse of Rage a
win-win for everyone is a political
solution that brings real security and
real safety to Israelis and
Palestinians meanwhile their loved ones
in the United States watch the news and
wait Aaron Ran vaa news New York
City