despite a growing International
consensus for Gaza ceasefire Israel's
military carried out new air strikes in
Gaza and laid Siege to two hospitals on
The Enclave Palestine red crescent says
IDF has captured al-amal and Naser
hospitals in Gaza hanun City
Palestinians say that Israeli forces
have stopped strikes on Rafa where about
half of gaza's 2.3 million population
are living Palestinian Medics say 30
people had been killed in Rafa in the
last 24 hours Palestine red crescent
says Israeli forces have surrounded al-
Amal and Naser hospitals in the southern
city of hunis on the other hand Israel's
military said 20 militants had been
eliminated in fighting and air strikes
around Al Amal Hospital over the
previous 24 hours this comes a week
after IDF entered gaza's key Al shifa
Hospital Israel says hospitals in Gaza
are used by Hamas as bases however Hamas
and the medical staff Deni these claims
Israel has also declared that it will
stop working with the United Nations
relief Works agency unra and has accused
the agency of perpetuating conflict
United Nations officials have accused
Israel of blocking humanitarian supplies
to Gaza the European Union's foreign
policy Chief has alleged Israel is using
starvation as a weapon of
[Music]
War
[Applause]
[Music]
anra are part of the problem and we will
now stop working with him we are phasing
we are actively phasing out the use of
UNR because they perpetuate the conflict
rather than try and alleviate the
conflict after visiting the Rafa
crossing over the weekend United Nation
Secretary General Antonio gutterz has
renewed calls for the transportation of
humanitarian Aid into GH
he also spoke about Israel's decision to
not allow unra convoys into the Gaza
[Music]
Strip the decision not to allow un
convoys to go to Northern Gaza where we
have a dramatic starvation situation is
totally
unacceptable and those that took that
decision must assume the responsibility
Facing History of the consequences of
the
decision in relation to the drama atic
situation of the people in Northern Gaza
for all the latest news download the we
on app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel