Israel's tightening grip on the occupied
West Bank has put the brakes on the
Palestine Cycling Club the one simple
pleasure of going for a bike ride is now
too
dangerous we had to stop touring because
of the increase in Israeli checkpoints
we could be held up for up to 3 hours
which takes all of our time and then
there are the settlers all around us
protected by the Israeli
military one minute the Cycling Club
would be out in join the
countryside the next they reminded that
Israel is busy splintering the West Bank
I miss the the fact that you know
existence is resistance so that way
you're always reminded that no matter
what we're still under occupation and
even though you try to forget it and you
go on with your day you go for a cycling
you go for a hike you're always met with
these obstacles even under the severely
limited freedoms that come with living
under occupation it was possible for
Palestinians to get a sense of the scale
of their country and to assert their
[Music]
identity cycling raised our social
awareness we got to meet lots of people
we met Farmers we saw places we' not
been able to get to before but since
October the 7th no one has the appetite
to go
out that's a common sentiment amongst
Palestinians across the West Bank here
in rala pi nicking on the edge of town
is as much as many people now dare to do
it takes so long now to travel between
West Bank towns and Villages that many
people have given up regular weekend
trips to visit friends and relatives as
well as the hikes and bike rides and
that's how Israel's occupation chips
away at the family and Social Links that
bind Palestinian
Society Bernard Smith Al jaera rala in
the occupied West Bank