[Music]
as Israel continues to pound Gaza its
biggest hospital is struggling to keep
up with the flood of casualties a
situation compounded by the lack of
power the electricity went out on
Wednesday after Israel cut off water
food and energy supplies for the
enclave's 2.3 million people on Sunday
ala compound uh hospital is now running
on generators only on fuel and fuel is
becoming also an alarming issue given
that all the all the um borders with
Gaza and The Crossings with Israel have
been uh closed uh for for four days now
and we are about to witness also an
issue of access to food medicine for the
entire population if the solution is not
found with Gaza rapidly running out of
supplies the United States and Egypt
said they were working together to get
Aid Into The Enclave I want to thank
Egypt for its constructive engagement to
facilitate humanitarian access through
the Rafa Crossing and to make the Alish
airport available for critical
assistance on Wednesday convoys stood
loaded with food and fuel on Egypt's
border crossing with Gaza but an
Egyptian security official said they
were still unable to enter after nearby
air strikes shut down the crossing
Tuesday meanwhile some
250,000 civilians in Gaza have been
forced to flee their homes but they're
running out of Safe places to go in the
coastal strip of land only 40 km long
wedged between Israel and Egypt Cairo
has so far rejected opening up a safe
passage for civilians on its territory
as a frequent mediator between Israel
and the Palestinians Egypt has always
insisted the two sides resolve conflicts
within their borders saying this is the
only way Palestinians can secure their
right to State Hood