we're uh trying to uh work out a deal
between Israel and Hamas on the hostage
is being returned and uh an immediate
ceasefire in Gaza for at least the next
six weeks and and to allow the surge of
Aid through the entire Gaza trip not
just the South but the entire Gaza
[Music]
trip
[Music]
yesterday's tragic and alarming event in
North Gaza trying to get humanitarian
assistance in there and uh the loss of
life is heartbreaking people are so
desperate that uh innocent people got
caught in a terrible War unable to feed
their families and you saw the response
when they tried to get aided and we need
to do more and the United States will do
more in addition to expanding deliveries
by land as I said we're going to we're
going to insist that Israel facilitate
more trucks and more roots to get more
and more people the the help they need
no excuses because the truth is Aid
flowing to Gaza is nowhere nearly enough
now it's nowhere nearly enough innocent
lives on the line and children's lives
are on the line and we won't stand by
and let until they until we get more Aid
in there we we should be getting
hundreds of trucks in not just several
and uh I won't stand by we won't let up
and we're not going to pull out uh
trying to pull out every stop we can to
get more assistance in so and here's the
deal we've been working and hopefully
we'll know shortly and I know you've
been informed we're uh trying to uh work
out a deal between Israel and Hamas on
the hostage is being returned and uh an
immediate ceasefire in Gaza for at least
the next six weeks and and to allow the
surge of Aid through the entire Gaza
trip not just the South but the entire
Gaza
[Music]
trip
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
from breaking news detailed analysis
in-depth interviews and explainers
follow the times of India subscribe to
our YouTube channel don't forget to like
our videos and hit the Bell icon to stay
updated with the
latest