CTV's Michele boy a is following the
story for us Michele good morning tell
us about the Prime Minister's day in
Latvia hey Marcia good morning well
Justin Trudeau announced that Canada
will be continuing to participate in
this NATO mission part of the battle
group until 2023 was set to expire next
year Canada also going to be increasing
the number of troops on the ground right
now there are 455 that is going to be
increasing to 540 now Canada is part of
this battle group it was established
first after Russia illegally annexed
Crimea and today Prime Minister Justin
Trudeau in his news conference with his
Latvian counterpart took direct aim at
Russia take a look it continues to be a
country that is looking to disrupt and
destabilize the global rules-based order
and basically caused problems on the
international on to the international
stage and Justin Trudeau is continuing
his trip Marcia he's actually taking off
for Brussels tonight and he's heading
for the NATO summit that happens
tomorrow okay so how might this go over
with president Donald Trump well Donald
Trump has criticized Canada and other
NATO members for not contributing enough
to the 29 member alliance take a look
Donald Trump taking to Twitter even this
morning once again about NATO setting
the tone for what's to come probably in
the next couple days he says the u.s. is
spending many times more than any other
country in order to protect them
not fair to the US taxpayer on top of
that we lose a hundred and fifty 1
billion dollars on trade with the
European Union charges big tariffs and
barriers he also says NATO countries
must pay more the United States must pay
less very unfair exclamation mark now if
we look at the target for defense
spending it's actually 2% of any
country's GDP Canada right excuse me
make that the United States ranks in
first at three and a half percent Greece
comes in second at two point three go
down
Canada were in 15th place at 1.3 percent
it is up however from 2014 it was about
a 1% event but is that all of this going
to be enough to satisfy Donald Trump
Marcia we're gonna have to wait and see
ok Michelle thanks for that