the World Health Organization asked
China to provide detailed information on
an increase in respiratory illnesses and
reported clusters of pneumonia in
children cdv's Joe macashan on beijing's
response in northern China hospitals are
overwhelmed as parents search for help
for their sick children with more
reports of a mysterious pneumonia
circulating the World Health
Organization wants detailed information
in a statement the who said it has made
an official request for information on
reported clusters of undiagnosed
pneumonia and whether the illness
clusters are part of the overall
increase in respiratory infections
previously reported by Chinese
authorities or separate events Chinese
officials have attributed this latest
rush in respiratory illness to the
lifting of pandemic restrictions both
Canada and the United States had their
own triple demic of respiratory viruses
last year experts say it is very likely
something similar is happening in China
looks like this is these are respiratory
viruses like
influenza RSV and a bacterial infection
called micoplasma pneumonia which can
circulate among kids there is no
indication the outbreak poses any Global
threat but China's surveillance and
reporting of infectious diseases has
drawn Global scrutiny in recent years
officials were accused of covering up
early cases during the Corona virus
pandemic and stonewalling requests from
The Who for information and access to
Patient data it's sort of a situation
mirroring what happened when Co first
started the who are probably being a bit
more proactive and a bit more
transparent tonight Chinese authorities
say there is no evidence a new virus is
circulating Canada's public health
agency said it is monitoring the
situation and it will update the public
if there is any risk here Omar all right
Joel thank you for this