intensity of this fighting in the weeks
since the ceasefire collapsed you know
it's it's much greater than what we saw
before in the three weeks prior to that
uh and and there is an an impact you
know in Israel they uh list the people
who've died in the media in the evening
and every evening there are more and
more Israeli soldiers and today they
included uh the son of a member of the
war cabinet gy Eisen Cott he's also a
former military chief of staff uh and
his son died near a um tunnel shaft
which was booby trapped so you can see
that the cost is rising in Israeli terms
it's harder to see uh directly from
Hamas itself because it doesn't give you
a figure for its soldiers who've died
its militants it'll say the Hamas mil um
the Hamas milit um sorry the Hamas
medical service will say to you 177,000
is our casualty figure but they don't
specify how many of those are are
actually militants are actually fighting
AED young men and we have heard from
Osama hamdan one of the Hamas leaders uh
holding a press conference tonight he
said the resistance is in great shape
but Israel estimates that it's killed
around 6,000 uh militants during the
course of this conflict and that would
be about 20% of the um Hamas forces the
30,000 men Hamas is estimated to have so
you can see that that everything is
rising in its intensity and that
includes the number of dead and tonight
we saw for the first time a mass
surrender or what's being build as a
mass surrender of um of fighting aged
men in the north of the Gaza Strip uh we
see them stripped down to their
underwear being taken off by Israeli
troops there are between 50 and 100 of
them uh that's the first time we've seen
such a large number and today the Israel
Defense Forces spokesperson said there
were men surrendering they don't yet
know who is Hamas and who isn't they
take them all off uh for questioning