Israel and Hamas have moved closer to
agreeing on a 30-day ceasefire in Gaza
and the release of Israeli hostages and
Palestinian prisoners that's according
to reuter's sources coming as Israel
pressed ahead with its biggest assault
in a month in southern Gaza Qatar the US
and Egypt have been mediating between
the two sides for weeks over the release
of Israeli captives in return for
break-in fighting the release of
Palestinian prisoners and more Aid to
The Enclave
but the plan is being held up the
sources said with Hamas and Israel at
odds over how to permanently end the
Gaza War us qari and Egyptian
authorities did not immediately respond
to requests for comment on the Reuters
report though on Tuesday the White House
did confirm that Middle East Envoy Brett
mcgurk was in Cairo for active talks
over hostage release and aid while
declining to comment on reports of any
ceasefire deal certainly one of the
things he's in the region talking about
is the potential for another hostage
deal which would require a humanitarian
pause of some length uh to to get that
done two Egyptian security sources said
there was work underway to convince
Hamas to accept a one-month truce to be
followed by a permanent ceasefire
however Hamas is requesting guarantees
that the permanent ceasefire would be
carried out to agree to the initial
truce an Israeli government spokesperson
said Tuesday the country's goal of
destroying hamas's governing and
Military capabilities remain the same
there will be no ceasefire that leaves
the hostages in Gaza and Hamas in power
beyond that we have nothing to
elaborate still Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu is under increasing
pressure to reach a ceasefire deal from
his War cabinets and families of
hostages despite the difficulty of
Bridging the Gap in the positions of the
two sides a source briefed on the
discussions told Reuters a deal could be
agreed to at any
minute