the bombs may not yet have stopped
falling on Gaza but finally a pause in
the Relentless violence afflicting this
Enclave is in the offing 45 days after
Hamas took hundreds of people hostage
from Israel the group's leader has said
a deal is close in a statement provided
by his Aid Ismael Han said officials
were quote close to reaching a truce
agreement the statement gave no more
details it comes a week after the armed
wing of Hamas released a video in which
they said they would release 70 women
and children in exchange for a 5day
truce one official on Tuesday told Al
jazer TV negotiations were currently
stalled over the length of the truce
delivery of Aid to Gaza and Palestinian
prisoner
exchanges Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu on Tuesday also said
talks were
progressing the first goal the
elimination of Hamas does not stop until
it's done second goal the return of the
hostages we are making progress don't
think it's worth saying too much not at
even this moment but I hope there will
be good news soon White House National
Security spokesperson John kby overnight
on Monday said negotiations were moving
forwards hour by hour we believe we're
closer than we've ever been so we're
hopeful uh but uh but there's still work
to be done um uh and nothing is done
until it's all done so uh we're going to
keep working on
this Hamas abducted about 240 hostages
on October the 7th when it launched
attacks on Israel that killed 1,200
people mostly civilians families of some
of the hostages on Monday met with a
panel of government ministers in
Israel's parliament the knesset that
meeting the relatives said had left them
disappointed when they said absolutely
clear without hesitation that bringing
out the hostages is the top priority as
far as they're concerned and now when
we've met with the entire cabinet what
we've heard is that taking down Kamas
and in the hostages are as important are
equally important as Global pressure
backing apps in the fighting grows our
by hour it looks more likely the
question of how to end the violence in
the region more permanently however
remains unanswered Joel Flynn trt world