cities across the Muslim World erupted
in Anger after a deadly blast killed
hundreds in a gazen hospital on Tuesday
from Rabat to tan residents blamed
Israel even though Israel denies
responsibility for the blast in Jordan
one of the few Arab countries to have
normalized relations with Israel
Security Forces use tear gas to disperse
demonstrators trying to reach the
Israeli Embassy protesters said they
would not be deterred from
returning if not today we will tomorrow
and if we can tomorrow the next day we
won't stop there is no room for Retreats
protests erupted outside the US Embassy
in Beirut just hours after the hospital
blast as Lebanon hasb called for a day
of unprecedented anger Security Forces
fired tear gas towards demonstrators who
had started rocking the embassy's fence
in Istanbul police set off sound bombs
to deter demonstrators marching in front
of the Israeli consulate Palestinian
people are not only numbers you're
dehumanizing the Palestinian people wake
up people this is not the time to talk
about numbers people are being killed in
hospital in countries without an Israeli
diplomatic presence protesters targeted
the embassies of the United States
United Kingdom and France demonstrators
in Tunis accused these countries of
ignoring Injustice against the
Palestinians in their support for
Israel we want the great powers to be
afraid of its Injustice it is certain
that these people will not remain silent
in the face of this
Injustice in tan demonstrators marched
to the British and French embassies to
express solidarity with the Palestinian
people I think we Iranians should help
them and if necessary we should fight
alongside them Iran has been a supporter
of Hamas and Hezbollah and has supplied
training and weapons to Palestinian
militant groups Iran has dedicated
Wednesday as a national day of morning
due to the hospital attack in Gaza