is needed I hope the security Council
will be able to agree on the resolution
uh as soon as possible but we need the
necessary time to come uh to an
agreement Ambassador the vote has been
delayed to 5:30 we know that the Arab
and O OIC ministers are meeting
Secretary of State blinkin in Washington
at 4:30 um what has France done to put
some pressure on the Americans to not
block this res well
uh my point is uh that we need an
agreement the last thing the security
Council need today is another Showdown
and
another failure so I don't think we need
a resolution that will be rejected I
think it would lead us nowhere nowhere I
think it will be a disaster so what we
need is an agreement and we are 15
members so we need to talk we need to
engage we need we need to discuss
further so we need to combine two
constraints first there is a an
emergency I think the situation is
tragic so I don't think we can wait
forever but uh rushing to a vote without
negotiating would be a big mistake so I
think 5:30 p.m. is too early I'm not
sure we will get to an agreement so we
will uh need the necessary time to
really negotiate and to make sure that
all uh members of the council can uh
agree on a text meaning that there will
be no objection by one permanent members
or or others so I think you know this
article 27 of the charter meaning you
need nine votes and the absence of
negative vote from 1 P5 so we need to
keep that in mind uh this is a reality
uh a resolution uh you know failing
because of a veto it's a it's a failure
of the security Council and it will B
for the people on November 15 we were
able to agree on the first step it was a
modest resolution I think it's not
enough we need to go one two or three
step further now but uh a resolution
that fail would be a mistake so we need
now more time to negotiate uh tomorrow
The Day After Tomorrow the sooner the
better of course the situation is
absolutely a disaster but uh we can we
cannot rush and drive the security
Council car against the wall thanks
thank you
ambassador