Diplomacy.
Right.
We heard about this call between the
special envoy to the Middle East and
China with Israel.
What what came out of that call?
Yeah, this is an interesting shift by
Beijing, if not a shift, certainly an
expansion of its view.
Initially, the response from China
failed to condemn the attack and focused
again on this call to set up an
independent Palestinian state.
Now, after some amount of pressure,
including by US, US lawmakers in China,
Chuck Schumer and so on, as well as the
Israeli ambassador in Beijing, we have
now seen the Middle East envoy for
Beijing kind of being firmer, saying
that they do condemn the actions, any
actions that lead to civilian deaths,
and really adding a lot more nuance that
is quite necessary.
The underlying reason here as on a
conflict is the role, of course, that
the US is going to play in this
conflict.
And the question is whether China wants
to pitch itself against the US and
against Europe in a second major
conflict in as many years.
China has been supportive of the
Palestinians and the Palestinian cause,
but this compromises and deeply
complicates its own efforts as it tries
to rebuild ties with the West.
So we've got the EU top diplomat heading
to Beijing.
Then we've also got the European
Commission president, Ursula von der
Leyen.
She's going to be going to Israel as
well today.
So, you know, this is, I suppose, a show
of solidarity on that part and be
interesting to see what the EU has to
say to the Chinese.
It's certainly going to be a tense
moment because not only is Europe now
trying to move forward with some of
these sanctions excuse me, some of these
investigations into possibly curbing
restrictions.
So we have this investigation into
Chinese subsidies for EVs, steel and so
on.
On the one hand, they're trying to
enforce this sort of economic
statecraft.
On the other, this issue of Israel and
Hamas is deeply troubling for the
Europeans to another point on which they
perhaps see Beijing failing to take up
that role of being a responsible
peacemaker that it says it wants to
play.