in times of War Nations usually rally
around their leader a symbol of
stability but not in
Israel a sta show of support from
International allies has done nothing to
stem internal calls for Benjamin
Netanyahu to go over his failure to
prevent hamas's surprise attack on
October 7 the deadliest in the country's
history I want the people of Israel the
people of the world to know where the
United States
stands I've had my great secretary of
state here he's been here for a lot but
I wanted to personally come and make
that
clear the embattled leader has long been
facing a crisis of confidence at
home his attempts to push through a
dramatic overhaul of Israel's Judiciary
earlier this year Drew months of violent
opposition weekly m demonstrations
stopped traffic and reservists
threatened to refuse to report for
service Netanyahu is also still under a
corruption Cloud accused of bribery and
fraud in a case that has been ongoing
for more than 3 years but the events of
October 7 have cast a new Shadow on an
already storied
career all the studies public opinion
polls in Israel since the 7 October
attack a clear Netanyahu has become
unbelievably unpopular he should resign
Tomorrow based on those figures if there
was an election tomorrow he would lose
catastrophically and that's not
surprising considering the fact that
this attack on 7 October was the worst
on single day in Israel's history while
Israel's Army and intelligence bosses
have all admitted to fault for their
failure the Prime Minister has
acknowledge no such responsibility and
confidence in his ability to lead or
bring home the 200 odd Israeli hostages
being held by Hamas is sharply declining
we are going to win with all our Str are
you
ready a recent survey shows up to 80% of
Israelis believe Netanyahu should face
the music including at least three of
his ministers who are said to be
considering stepping down as a way of
holding him
accountable for a man who's escaped such
accountability for almost decades this
could be the final straw Isabella bull
trt world