this is tlm camp in the occupied West
Bank its alleys piled with rubble from
an Israeli Army raid entire buildings
ripped apart a crowd gathers at the spot
where a car was shattered by a deadly
drone
strike we came out of our house and
there were four dead bodies thrown onto
the ground their brains had been blasted
out one of them was totally
unrecognizable ever since the 1990s
there's been talk of peace but now it's
2024 and we haven't seen peace Not For a
Day the Israeli troops marked their
passage on the walls as they
went in this destroyed home writing in
Hebrew reads the 7th of October
2023 we will not
forgive there've been Israeli Army raids
in this camp for years but they've
multiplied since the 7th of October the
most recent one lasted for 45 5
hours 45 hours during which the Israeli
Army says it searched a thousand homes
found 400 explosive devices and seized
27 Firearms here displayed in IDF
footage tarem refugee camp is home to
thousands of Palestinians descended from
those displaced in
1948 it's also the base of four armed
groups whose Fighters faces line the
streets
s's son Jihad was shot dead by Israeli
troops in November in the latest raid
soldiers lived in her home and shot at
her son's
portrait thanks be to God as long as our
armed brigades are doing well so are we
we're here to support them so that they
remain strong in
spirit many here Revere the militants as
resistance fighting occupation Israel
calls them terrorists a cycle of
violence is once against spiraling in
the West Bank hearts and attitudes are
further
hardening despite all the pressure
despite everything they do to us we will
resist I will never leave here that's
impossible the only way I will leave
will be to go to my grave where should I
go do you think we're afraid do they
want us to be quiet we will never be
quiet we will
resist H's home is damaged but intact
others have been left with no no
shelters so for now have to leave the
camp but say they'll be back determined
to fight for their
land