[Music]
an Israeli military court has found a
soldier guilty of manslaughter after he
killed a wounded Palestinian man in the
West Bank city of Hebron alors Azaria
shot Abdul Fattah Sharif in the head as
he lay motionless on the ground
following an alleged knife attack
Azaria is the first member of the
Israeli Defense Forces to be charged
with manslaughter since 2004
let's join Greg crawls from now who's
been following the story from Tel Aviv
hi Greg not murder but manslaughter how
significant is this verdict almost three
hours from when the court hearing
started this morning until the judges
finally issued the verdict and they
spent three hours basically
deconstructing every argument for
defense made they claimed throughout
this trial for example that this
Palestinian attacker may have had a bomb
there were fears that he may have been
armed the judges dismissed that there
were claims from forensic experts that
he was already dead at the time of the
shooting judge dismissed that then they
got the state of mind they got to why
sergeant Azaria did this he can argued
that it was in the heat of the moment he
made a decision on the battlefield and
the judges threw that out as well and
they said it was a very calculated
decision that he made because he
believed that his Palestinian deserved
to die and so in the end it was almost
like the judges for telling the
prosecutor they could have gone for a
murder prosecution instead of simply not
a slaughter now what kind of sentence
might he be facing and when will that be
determined 20 years in prison most
experts think he's not going to receive
that long the sentence will probably get
more for like four or five years in
prison the bigger question is there's
already unfortunately it seems we've
lost Gregg's line
you
[Music]