Israel has agreed to allow a United
Nations mission to evaluate the
situation in the war ravaged Northern
Gaza according to the United States
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin
stating this after concluding a series
of meetings with leaders in Israel blink
asserted that displaced Palestinians
must be able to return home as soon as
the conditions
allow as Israel's campaign moves to a
lower intensity phase in Northern Gaza
and as the IDF scales down its forces
there we agreed today on a plan for the
UN to carry out an assessment Mission uh
it will determine what needs to be done
to allow displaced paltin Palestinians
to return safely to homes in the
north now this is not going to happen
overnight there are serious security
infrastructure and humanitarian
challenges but the mission will start a
process that evaluates these obstacles
and how they can become uh be
overcome
blinkin is on his fourth visit to West
Asia since the war broke out in early
October Calling out the rising civilian
harm caused by intense Israeli strikes
in Gaza he urged Israel not to undercut
the palestinians' ability to govern
themselves on the other hand Israeli
ambassador to the United Nations marked
a poignant moment for Israeli infant
kafir Bas during his address at the
United Nations General Assembly cafir is
among the hostage is being held by Hamas
militants along with his mother and
four-year-old
brother fear this birthday cake is for
you you are the reason Israel is
fighting day and
night I only wish for you for your first
birthday that next year next year God
willing next year God willing you will
celebrate your birthday surrounded by
the love of your
family