these children in a play and study
happily but it may not last
is a Bedouin student in the community of
myself she is facing the threat of
losing her school which has been flagged
for demolition by Israel
they say that the Israeli Army wants to
demolish the school and our situation is
difficult we suffer a lot with the
occupation we need assistance so that
the school will not be demolished we
cannot go out of the area and study in
the city schools
caters to about 100 students from nearby
safrieta who come from up to five
kilometers away to learn Hiba says she
is unsure how she'll continue her
education if it's knocked down
I already walk around one kilometer a
day to get to school if they demolish it
I will not be able to walk a long
distance from home to the city to study
also my father will probably not let me
study in the city and I may also stop
going to school this isn't fair to me to
stop studying because I'm a good student
there's been an increased intentions
since Ma 2022 Israeli Court decision
ruled that the Palestinians living in
the region are not permanent residents
and designated the area a firing zone
this is 3000 hectare Zone had already
been declared a closed military zone by
Israel in 1980 but the recent Court
ruling has led to an increase in
demolitions of homes and schools as well
as forced expulsions of residence
Palestinians who remain in the area have
vowed to fight the decision including
khaitham Abu Sabha the principal of
farhet school who has engaged aloya to
try to keep the school standing
a few days ago the district court and
Israel army Administration issued a
decision rejecting all petitions from
lawyers whether humanitarian or legal
they argued that the school along with
the health clinic serving multiple
communities is considered vulnerable and
must be removed this reflects ongoing
efforts by the occupation to forcibly
displace people from their homes in a
transfer process
the Specter of demolition is also
hanging over three other schools in
masafariata leaving the future of the
Next Generation in lembo
trt world