the head of the Israeli intelligence
agency Mossad is in Doha today for talks
on a possible truce and hostage deal
David Bia is reported to be meeting with
the prime minister of qat and with
delegates from Egypt with more details
here our senior reporter Katherine noris
Trent she's in
Jerusalem the head of mad David Baria is
among the Israeli delegation heading to
Doha for talks in Qatar this Monday
which are expected to take place between
him the Qatari prime minister and
Egyptian officials and um there were a
lot of meetings here in Israel before
his delegation was given the okay to
head off and it's understood that he has
been given a general mandate for
extensive negotiation those coming from
unnamed Israeli officials now there are
some um points of security uh detail
which he would have to refer back to
Benyamin Netanyahu the Israeli Prime
Minister and the Israeli defense
minister you have Galant before being
able to sign off on those but what we're
also hearing from various Israeli media
Outlets this morning is that these
negotiations could take quite some time
perhaps even a few weeks and that's
because according to these Israeli
sources there could actually be direct
negotiations orbe it at a distance with
senior Hamas leaders still inside the
Gaza Strip now that's not confirmed but
this is what is the the noise on the
street here in Israel and that therefore
Communications back and forth clearly
with the Gaza stripper are very
difficult but there could be some
progress here or it could be long I mean
we don't know this is the start of the
next round in C far negotiations but
it's the first movement we've seen in
quite some time