that statement um which I I believe said
that
Hamas pulled out of the hostage talks or
Hamas rejected the most recent proposal
because of the United Nations security
Council resolution that statement is
inaccurate uh in almost every respect
and it is unfair to the hostages and
their families the description of
hamas's response that has been uh aired
in in the public is all from news
reports it's not the actual substance of
the response and I can tell you that
that respon resp was prepared before the
UN Security Council vote not after it so
for the United States we are not going
to engage in rhetorical distractions on
this issue we are going to continue work
to try to bring the hostages home when
you think about ramifications we wanted
to have that meeting with Israel to
present them to them an alternative way
to accomplish their legitimate security
goals of defeating the Hamas battalions
in Rafa because we believe it is in
their interest to do this in a better
way we believe that a full-scale
military operation in Rafa will not just
cause civilian harm to the Palestinian
people it will not just hinder the the
flow of humanitarian assistance most of
which is coming in through the Rafa area
and being distributed initially uh
through Rafa uh we believe that that
kind of operation would hurt Israel's
National Security it will leave Israel
more isolated in the world it will
separate uh Israel from countries um uh
that have been longtime partners of of
Israel and you've heard this from
countries all around the world so we
have been making
clear that this kind of operation is not
in Israel's interest let alone in the
interest of the Palestinian people so
when you when you speak to ramifications
those are the type of ramifications that
we are worried about for Israel and
that's why we want we uh wanted to have
this meeting to present to them what we
think is a better
alternative