proud to stand here with you in Israel's
Darkest Hour as your friend we will
stand with you in solidarity we will
stand with your people and we also want
you to
[Music]
win
[Music]
can I also say that we have seen the
scenes over the past day that have
shocked all of us particularly at the
hospital and we mourn the loss of every
innocent life civilians of every Faith
every nationality who have been killed
and we also recognize that the
Palestinian people are victims of Hamas
too and that is why I welcome your
decision yesterday that you took to
ensure that Roots into Gaza will be
opened for humanitarian Aid to enter I'm
glad that you made that decision we will
support it we are increasing our Aid to
the region and we will look to get more
support to people as quickly as we can
uh the last thing for me to close on is
this you describe this as Israel's
Darkest Hour well then it's for me to
say I'm proud to stand here with you in
Israel's Darkest Hour as your friend we
will stand with you in solidarity we
will stand with your people and we also
want you to win thank
[Music]
Youk
[Music]
[Music]
oh
[Applause]
what the changes in India's population
and the differential growth rate
rationals about why it's not ending
what's your rationale we have a very
special guest on the the interview the
role that the US side played at that
point of
time assume my phone is tapped I can
probably say hello to Mr
mod hey Pakistan has a unique
negotiating Rising confidence of India
under prime minister Narendra Modi
communist China is the greatest threat
there will come a day that we will see
far more radical extremist I'm uh I'm
still a little perplexed by why we
have your daily dose of news from India
and across the world Cutting Edge views
and
Analysis tune in HD videos click on the
Bell icon to
subscribe