ahead of a potential ground offensive
against Hamas Israel it's now reportedly
considering flooding the underground
tunnels of the militant group this has
been stated by us senior investigative
journalist Simo H H has written in his
blog I'm quoting here Israel is now in
the process of turning Gaza City into
Rubble while constant bombing and is
also planning to begin a ground invasion
in the near future such an eventuality
here said would indicate that Israel is
disregarding the safety of the hostages
who might be reportedly held captive in
these tunnels hsh also accused Israel of
wanting to make Gaza City another
Hiroshima but without the use of nuclear
weapons he added that Israeli forces can
use American guided bombs that can
Pierce up to a depth of 30 to 50 m to
wipe out the underground weapon
facilities of Hamas earlier the Israel
Defense Forces the IDF said besides
bombing the Gaza Strip they're also
targeted parts of the amasus tunnel
Network very little is known about these
tunnels that have been a mystery to the
outside world for quite some time
now Israel has often raised concerns
about the Hamas tunnel Network under
Gaza the militant group uses the network
purportedly to smuggle weapons Fighters
and artillery originally these tunnels
were used to smuggle goods between Gaza
and Egypt and then Gaza and Israel but
over time due to increased Israeli
monitoring Hamas began to invest heavily
on extending the tunnel Network it was
not until a 2014 military operation in
Gaza that these Israeli Army discovered
the true purpose of these
tunnels Theon is now available in your
country download the app now get all the
news on the move