this Palestinian doctor says Israeli
forces in Gaza detained him when they
overran a hospital and subjected him to
abuse during 45 days of
captivity Dr SED Abdul Rahman Maru
worked at Al Ali Al Arab Hospital in
Gaza City when it was surrounded by
Israeli forces in December he said his
detention included sleep deprivation
constant shackling and blindfolding
before he was released last week he said
he was told to sleep in places that were
covered with pebbles and that there was
loud music
blaring the torture was very severe in
Israeli prisons I am a doctor my weight
was 87 kilog I lost in 45 days more than
25 kilogram of my weight I lost my
balance I lost
Focus I lost all
feeling
we were Shackled for 45 days handcuffed
for 45
days however you describe the suffering
and the insult in prison you can never
know the reality unless you live through
it the Israeli military said it treats
detainees in accordance with
international law and its Protocols are
to treat them with dignity it said in a
statement that quot incidents in which
the guidelines were not followed will be
looked into Maru said he has no idea
where he was detained as he was
blindfolded throughout his nearly 7 we
detention and he was not sure if he was
held inside or outside Gaza he believes
he was one of more than 100 prisoners
being held in the same place dropped to
the Kim Shalom Crossing he was
eventually picked up by the Red
Cross his arrest was the last moment he
had news of his family and he still does
not know if they survive the onslaught
as Israeli forces Advanced into Gaza
City the conflict was initiated when
Hamas militants crossed into Israeli
towns on October 7th killing more than
1200 people and taking away more than
240 hostages according to Israeli
tallies Health authorities in Hamas run
Gaza say Israel's offensive has killed
more than 27,000 Palestinians
Maru has resumed work in a children's
ward in Gaza a return to routine amid
the lingering scars of the
conflict