now over in Gaza Israel says it will
take several more months for Hamas to be
defeated the comments come despite
reports that serious talks are underway
for another shes in the war turn area
isja has
more during US National Security adviser
Jake Sullivan's visit to Tel Aviv
Israeli defense minister yab Gallant
told the White House official that the
war could last more than several months
for Hamas to be defeated ganto Sol that
the Palestinian militant group had built
infrastructure under the ground and
above the ground making it difficult to
destroy them all during Sullivan's visit
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu stressed that his country will
continue to fight until absolute Victory
against Hamas is achieved meanwhile a
senior official from Hamas said Thursday
that serious talks are underway to
revive the ceasefire in the Gaza Strip
according to Germany's DPA news agency
the Hamas said Qatari and Egyptian
officials are negotiating with Israel
and the United States on behalf of the
militant group he added that there will
be no exchange of Israeli hostages or
Palestinian prisoners until the
ceasefire goes into effect with around
327,000 cases of infectious diseases
being detected in Gaza a spokesperson
for the Palestinian Ministry of Health
warns that Gaza faces the spread of
epidemics infectious diseases
malnutrition and the lack of clean
drinking water and personal hygiene the
chief spokesperson for Unicef also
warned that the perfect storm for
disease has begun in the region with 21
of the Gaza strips 36 hospitals closed
gaza's Health officials warned that
diseases are spreading even faster with
many displaced in overcrowded
shelters news