now I've raised with the Israeli Prime
Minister the need to minimize the impact
on civilians best we can I've raised the
humanitarian situation we will continue
to do that uh with other allies around
the region as well but again you know
Israel has given people advanced notice
of what's Happening given them the
opportunity to leave and it's Hamas who
is now telling people to stay behind
we're providing all the consulate
support through the foreign office that
we can and also providing direct support
to the Israelis and the humanitarians
situation is one which of course we're
concerned about and that I've raised in
all the calls and interactions I've had
with other leaders from across the
region uh and in particular making sure
that we can try and get the raff of
Crossing open that will ease a
humanitarian situation that's why I
prioritize speaking with President CC of
Egypt early on last week uh to talk
about that and we will continue to do
everything we can to alleviate the
humanitarian situation on the ground
including moving some of our at Raw Navy
assets into the region who can provide
further support as required we've
already sent surveillance aircraft to
the Eastern Mediterranean last week they
will be able to as I said make sure that
no armed shipments for example are being
sent to other terrorist organizations in
the region that's a practical step that
we can take to help ensure that this
remains contained to dealing with Hamas
and does not spread more broadly in the
region well I've come to this Jewish
scho this morning specifically to
demonstrate my solidarity with the
Jewish Community here in the UK and let
them know that we're going to do
everything in our power to keep them
safe last week I met with the community
security trust and police Chiefs we
provided more funding for the community
security trust that's the organization
that helps keep schools synagogues and
other Jewish Community institutions safe
uh we spent time with the police to make
sure they have all the tools powers and
guidance they need to police protests
over the weekend appropriately and
strike that right
balance
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]