good evening everyone we begin on this
first day of the new year with a
dramatic rescue and an astonishing story
of survival after a BC teenager climbed
up the tallest mountain in Oregon and
tumbled down a cliff
irbaz Singh was near the summit of Mount
Hood when he slipped and plunged down a
rock face it took 8 agonizing hours to
get him to the bottom of the mountain
the 16 year old is now in hospital with
a broken leg and from that hospital bed
he told his story tonight to see TVs
Genevieve Bushman
on this majestic Oregon mountain top a
remarkable story of survival curve as
Singh just 16 years old climbed up Mount
Hood with friends Monday but as he began
the final push to the summit he lost his
footing and tumbled down when you're
tumbling you're getting more momentum so
we're just trying to stop that tumble
initially Mel Olson was on the mountain
would sing it was horrible like I just
got out of the way quick and then he
just went down he plunged all the way
from an area called the pearly gates to
Devil's kitchen a punishing 150 meter
fall his friends had no idea whether he
would survive that triggered an
emergency mission that would last hours
rescuers painstakingly making their way
up the mountain one of his legs had been
shattered but remarkably that was the
only serious injury he suffered my
helmet really saved my life like it was
totally like just ruined once we checked
it like it was just I was just really
lucky
Mount Hood is one of the most climbed
mountains in the world ten thousand
people attempt to summit each year
rescuers step in about 70 times this is
a mountain it's a technical mountain
this isn't a Sunday stroll it's
inherently dangerous but while Singh is
just 16 he is an experienced climber
this was nearly his 100th attempt at a
summit many documented on his social
media feeds rescuers managed to splint
his leg and seven hours after his fault
they had taken him down the mountain and
to a hospital I'm so humbled I'm so
great at all of them our heroes I thank
everybody who's been of so much help to
my son Singh says he's weaker
well but not thinking about climbing
just yet taking things one step at a
time
oh my and we certainly wish him well Jen
thank you