Gazza suffered one of its deadliest
nights so far since Israel launched its
Relentless ground incursion in late
October over a 100 civilians were killed
on Monday when a missile targeted the
magazi refugee camp the death toll is
likely to climb significantly as roads
have sustained heavy damage preventing
ambulances from accessing those injured
and
wounded we were sitting at home when it
suddenly fell to the ground my five
brothers and their amilies who fled from
B hanon have all passed away I was
screaming and shouting at first I
thought they hit the building next to us
but when I looked outside I realized
it's our building that was struck I
still don't know how we managed to
survive the city of Kanan Yunis a
designated Safe Haven in the south of
The Enclave during the initial days of
the war and where many Gins sought
Refuge quickly became the new focal
point of the Israeli campaign almost
three dozen Palestinians were killed
killed when two residential sites were
struck but the cost of war is mounting
for Israel
too according to Israeli sources two
soldiers were killed in Gazza on Sunday
and 15 others during clashes on Friday
and Saturday Hamas says they've killed
almost 50 soldiers in the last 4 days
alone in addition to destroying dozens
of Israeli military vehicles and
Equipment this is a difficult morning
after a very difficult day of fighting
in Gaza on behalf of all members of the
government and the entire people of
Israel I would like to send condolences
to the families of our heroic soldiers
who have fallen in the war over our home
but the Israeli premier's day became
even more difficult Netanyahu was
heckled by families of the hostages
during his address to the
knesset fighting has significantly
intensified since the expiry of a
fragile week-long truce earlier this
month Palestinians say there is truly no
safe place in Gazza anymore Malik Fuda
trt world