now while the international court of
justice proves South Africa's genocide
case against Israel the heg based
criminal court has now confirmed that it
is also probing the targeted killing of
journalists in the ongoing Israel Gaza
War the ICC will be hearing the case
based on complaints filed by the media
advocacy group reporters Without Borders
in November last year the NGO has made
allegation a of war crimes over the
targeted killing of journalists who were
covering the war well it is important to
note here that the IC has jurisdiction
over individuals and States accused of
the crime of genocide war crimes crimes
against humanity and the crime of
aggression meanwhile the international
court of justice acts as a world Court
it decides in accordance with
international law disputes of a legal
nature that are submitted to it by the
states according to the American group
committee to protect journalists at
least 79 journalists and media
professionals have been killed so far in
targeted air strikes that is since the
war broke out 3 months ago most of them
are Palestinians and am met all the
alleged incidents of war crimes against
journalists two cases in particular made
headlines since October 7th the first
such an incident that came under the
spotlight was the death of Reuters
journalist Isam Abdullah Abdullah was a
Lebanese citizen who was killed by an
Israeli strike on October 13th near the
Israel Lebanon border six other
reporters were also injured in the
strike and the second incident took
place this past Sunday when an Israeli
strike in gaza's KH unas killed the
eldest son of Al of Al jaz's Gaza bureau
chief well dhu
27-year-old Hamza aladu was also a
journalist pardon me he is also a
journalist who has been covering the war
and cameraman for Al jaaz in the same
incident freelance journalist mustafaa
was also killed and a third journalist
hazim rajab was
injured now after the latest deaths the
un's rights office it has said and I'm
quoting here it is very concerned by the
high death tole of media workers in
[Music]
Gaza