foreign
[Music]
[Music]
so I think there is a very dangerous
anti-democratic Messianic even uh
fascist element within netanyahu's
government that sees the curb moment not
chiefly about the power of the Supreme
Court but about the capacity to exert
greater Israeli control over the West
Bank
ever greater Israeli control over the
West Bank through annexation through uh
expropriation of land in the name of
creating a completely Arab free Jewish
state that they believe
um is religiously mandated that they
believe really harks back to uh the
borders of Israel in biblical times
foreign
and he and his followers have been
looking for a variety of political and
parliamentary Maneuvers that can lift
the burden of uh indictment and an
ongoing trial from him
is an extremely skilled tactician and to
some degree strategist who has also been
a remarkable political Survivor he
reminds me of sort of the classic French
statement
the state that is I
India
famously I love you baby even though I
don't agree with anything you stand for
and yet clearly is fed up with
netanyahu's
anti-democratic acts is
[Music]
foreign
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
like this well the odds are not high
this may represent the best chance that
we have seen in our lifetime to affect a
transformation of the Israeli political
order
[Music]
who Helms a state that has always
described itself as the sole democracy
in the Middle East is successful then it
will say there are no consequences to
pursuing anti-democratic currents in the
International Community I think the
International Community should should
take stock make clear it's it's higher
and
disappointment
and consider ways that will have
consequences for Israel
[Music]