as the global outcry following the
deadly Gaza Aid Convoy Carnage is
growing Israel is facing mounting
pressure to investigate and to pause
fighting in the region where more than
30,000 Palestinians have died MTS tab is
in Tel Aviv MTS good
morning good morning well un observers
in Gaza have said the majority of
Palestinians being treated for injuries
following the assault on the Convoy are
suffering from gunshot and shrapnel
wounds as the world food program
warrants half a million ion Palestinians
a quarter of gaza's entire population
are now at risk of
famine it was supposed to be the first
major shipments of Aid into Northern
Gaza in months but it quickly became
what Palestinian leaders are describing
as a heinous Massacre after Israeli
forces opened fire on thousands of
Palestinians who had gathered for
desperately needed food Aid as the sun
rose the aftermath was laid bare at
least 112 people were killed killed and
over 760 injured all for trying to get
something to eat the United Nations has
sent observers to Gaza City's elifa
hospital where they found the majority
of wounded there had suffered from
bullet and shrapnel wounds like mahm
ammed the moment the aid trucks began
arriving I went to go meet it he says
and then a tank and drone began firing
at us I lay in a pool of my own blood
before I was brought here Israel
continues to insist the deaths were
caused by a stampede but the chaos at
the aid Convoy has only underscored how
desperate the situation across Gaza is
since the start of the war the Israeli
military has blocked most food water and
Medicine into the besieged Palestinian
territory and as the White House
prepares to airdrop Aid into Gaza
President Biden says he hopes his
ceasefire and hostage release deal can
still be reached before the start of the
Muslim holy month of Ramadan on March
10th we met mea vam gonan the mother of
Hostage Romig gonan as she marched to
Jerusalem to demand a deal there's
already some concern that prime minister
Netanyahu may try to torpedo any deal
are you worried about that prime
minister Netanyahu understands that he
has the power uh to decide if uh this
will happen now but there is still no
deal that would see hostages released or
ceasefire come into effect in Gaza where
the situation for civilians and hostages
is only deteriorating Jeff MTS thank you
very much