start I'm right now in Tel Aviv Jaffa
and behind me what you see is St Peter's
church and I'm here with one of the
resident Priests of the church let's try
to ask him how Christmas this year has
been different from the Christmas from
the previous years in tviv Jaffa or in
Israel in general so what do you think
how it was different this time it is
different this time because uh in
previous
years the tourists and even uh the
residents here particularly I'm a
Filipino the Filipinos would always go
to Bethlehem and uh Bethlehem like the
shepherd's field the Basilica of the
Nativity and the Church of the milk
groto would always be full of Filipinos
full of Christians full of Catholics
this time because of the risk of being
stranded in
Bethlehem people do not d go there so
because Bethlehem comes in the area of
West Bank which is under pales Authority
and because the war is going on so
people are bit scared that they might
get stranded that's and they might be
some trouble over there but also I do
not see many people here today like
there are a lot of Christians here why
you think there are so few people today
because this is not uh a pilgrimage site
for
Christmas so the pilgrimage site of
Christmas would be Bethlehem okay so the
people people who have not gone to
Bethlehem they should be coming here
today right yeah they came they came
here last night especially those uh from
India we have a lot of uh migrant
workers here working in Israel Catholics
Gujarati speaking Conan speaking malam
speaking they would come here but
midnight okay Midnight Mass Christmas be
like okay so uh what the priest is
telling me here that there were people
here they could not go to Bethlehem but
they came to this particular Church
which is the biggest in Tel Aviv and
there were a lot of Filipinos lot of
Indians cones gujaratis and also I see a
lot of African people here so primarily
what I see here is basically people who
come here to work from other countries
who are here because primarily this area
is Jewish or Muslim and we see a lot of
these Christians coming here and not
going to Bethlehem because of war is
going on and also the celebr
celebrations and maybe the decorations
were a little bit torn down because of
the ongoing war between Israel and Hamas
this is Rajesh Paar from T yafo for
India
today