you you talked about the 2,000 bombs uh
and so on you think that it is really
wise to send it at this time you know
when thus far in this battle you know or
this war it has only been used in Gaza I
mean I know you say that Israel is
surrounded by uh you know people that
wish it will and so on but in fact it's
surrounded by Egypt with very good
relations with Israel surrounded by
Jordan with good relations with Israel
surrounded by Syria that is obviously
inro its own Civil War and canot even
defend itself against attacks as we have
seen today so quite the contrary is
Israel is surrounding Hamas and it's
using these weapons to do that and in
fact I mean you know the F35 to the best
of my knowledge I could be wrong has
only been used in combat against the
people of Gaza so how could you justify
sending all these weapons when you have
the most helpless people probably
unearth you know destroyed moving from
one place to another and so on and you
send these weapons to sort of just
finish the job or continue the job I
don't know what logic is there in
sending those weapons so the logic is
exactly what I outlined a moment ago
despite the fact that Israel has a
relation has diplomatic relations with
Egypt uh and Jordan it does not change
the fact that Hezbollah is parked on its
northern border and is sworn to the
destruction of Israel it does not change
the fact uh that Iran uh uh no not
exactly not right on its border but well
within Striking Distance is committed to
this destruction of Israel and continues
to fund proxies committed to the
destruction of Israel so yes Israel
faces incredibly serious threats not
just from Hamas although Hamas is
clearly W as we saw on October 7th but
from other adversaries uh that it needs
uh our assistance uh to continue to
defend itself again