several prestigious American
universities are now suing the Trump
administration over its decision to stop
issuing visas to international students
whose classes are moving online because
of Coppa 19 foreign students already in
the country could also be deported
CTV's Janet Dirk's on the Canadian
students caught in all the confusion
there's uncertainty at Harvard and
campuses across the u.s. American
universities and colleges are being told
by Washington that international
students will have to leave the country
if their school offers only online
learning instead of in-person classes
this fall Harvard student and Calgarian
Chevy Lazenby describes the mood people
are probably still in shock people are
angry in the US Immigration and Customs
Enforcement
known as ice has suggested students
currently enrolled should consider
transferring to schools with in-person
instruction it's encouraging
international students to attend
face-to-face classes even if it's
against their best interest
President Donald Trump has made it clear
he wants all schools and universities to
be open in the fall with students on
campus but critics say the directive
just creates more anxiety for
international students and will put
pressure on universities to reopen
Lazenby who is getting her master's in
public health is especially worried
about some of her fellow foreign
students with stable internet situation
obviously looks very different than mine
now Harvard and the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology have filed a
federal lawsuit to block the directive
saying that for many students returning
home is impossible and perhaps dangerous
janet Dirk's
TV news Calgary