meanwhile the situation in Gaza remains
dire with Food Supplies running
dangerously low the risk of famine looms
over the 2.3 million people Aid agencies
have warned of the worsening
humanitarian crisis the US military For
the First Time air dropped humanitarian
Aid and according to the reports 3 C130
planes delivered more than 38,000 Ms
into the territory the US Air drops were
coordinated with the royal jordan Ian
Air Force which has also been
airdropping food and took part in
Saturday's
Mission hundreds of people rushed
towards an ate truck caring bags of
floor people scrambled for Aid in the
Hunger stricken Northern Gaza they were
seen rum damaging through the food truck
to obtain the
[Applause]
[Music]
supplies parachutes containing
humanitarian Aid fell from the sky after
an air drop in Rafa and people in large
numbers were seen rushing to get their
hands on the
packages
[Music]
now Aid Supply to Gaza particularly the
north have been rare and chaotic with an
increased lawlessness looting and the
breakdown of the public order following
Israel's military offensive the a supply
by the United States comes as the White
House faces growing pressure on the
domestic front and abroad as well to
reain in the Israeli war effort this
also comes after over 100 garans were
killed by the Israeli Army while
securing Goods around an eight Convoy
according to the White House after the
first successful air drop the defense
department is now planning on conducting
additional drops in the coming few days
however Biden's decision of supplying
Aid received some Flack from Republicans
many opposed the a drop citing the risk
of eight falling in the hands of Hamas
[Music]
militants