the government of Israel the US state
department pushed for the formation of a
Palestinian State on Thursday
spokesperson Matthew Miller said Israel
had an opportunity right now as
countries in the region are ready to
provide security assurances to Tel Aviv
we do believe that this conflict as all
conflicts do will end at some point and
that there needs to be a political path
forward for the establishment of a
Palestinian state that is the only way
not just to answer the legitimate hop
streams aspirations of the Palestinian
people but it is also and this is
critical the only way to provide lasting
secur for the Israeli people Miller was
speaking after Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu told Washington he
objected to any Palestinian statehood
that did not assure Israel's
security I clarify that in any
arrangement in the foreseeable future
with an accord or without an accord the
state of Israel must have security
control over the entire territory west
of the Jordan River that's a necessary
condition it clases with the principle
of sovereignty what can you do these
latest comments make it appear as though
net Yahoo's government is at odds with
Washington its biggest backer nice to
see you last week US Secretary of State
Anthony blinken took a rough agreement
to Israel that its predominantly Muslim
neighbors would help rehabilitate Gaza
after the war so long as Israel
committed to the eventual creation of an
independent Palestinian State us broker
TS on a Palestinian State territory now
occupied by Israel collapsed almost a
decade ago Israel launched its Siege in
Gaza Following on October 7 attacks by
hamat which Israeli officials say killed
1,200 people meanwhile the local Health
Ministry in Gaza says over 24,000 people
have been killed in Israel's
assault