[Music]
the anger that was predicted came the
morning after president Trump's
announcement
the leader of Hamas addressing his
followers in Gaza with a strident call
for resistance
we would also like to say that we cannot
react to this policy that is supported
by the US in any other way than to
launch a new Intifada against the
occupation and put up an honorable
resistance against it a People's
Intifada like the one launched in
Jerusalem that Robert Netanyahu's lords
into the ground
within hours the protests had started
primarily in the occupied West Bank
there were clashes at a checkpoint near
Ramallah
Palestinians were reported to have been
wounded by a rubber bullets and one by
live rounds that were fired while
security forces fired tear gas and used
water cannons to disperse demonstrators
after violence broke out in Bethlehem
relation and refused the existence of
the State of Israel not only Jerusalem
as the capital of Israel this is all
unacceptable Jerusalem is known as the
eternal capital of Palestine and nothing
else will work for us the violence was a
contrast to the city at the heart of the
anger for many visitors taking in the
views of Jerusalem and this was just
another day learning about the history
of the city as well as about the people
who live here some of whom have always
regarded this as their historic capital
prior to calling for a new Intifada
Hamas along with Fatah and other
Palestinian groups asked for a general
strike shops in the old city that would
normally be busy were closed while
police patrolled the streets as if to
emphasize the religious significance
there was no lack of worshippers at the
Whaley
but outside there is a growing presence
of protesters as it got louder the
police made themselves known
[Applause]
this is a protest taking place at the
Damascus gates in the east part of
Jerusalem people have been here shouting
singing making the noise there are great
numbers but they are increasing what's
also increasing it is the security
presence around me police up here
especially starting to move people away
the reactions will continue with many
now fearing the worst as well as a new
Intifada Hamas has declared Friday a Day
of Rage calling on all Palestinians to
go out and protest
Francis Collings trt world Jerusalem
[Music]