all right moving further from her the US
House of Representatives has passed a
landmark $95 billion Aid package the
package which consists of three bills
will provide aid for Ukraine Israel and
Taiwan now the first is set to provide
60.84 billion to Ukraine of which $23
billion will be used to replenish Us
weapons infra for the embattled country
the second one will provide Israel with
$26 billion in military aid as it finds
itself in an increasingly hostile West
Asia and the third bill is meant for the
Asia
Pacific where a large chunk of the
allotted 8.12 billion will go towards
containing Chinese aggression and
protecting Taiwan the house passed the
bill with broad bipartisan support on
Saturday with a united front from
Democrats but a divided camp for the
Republicans with bitter objections from
Republican hardliners the Ukraine
Security Supplemental Appropriations Act
was passed with a vot of 311 to 112 that
is a significant 112 Republicans opposed
the legislation with only 101 in support
farri right Republican Representatives
such as majie Taylor green have
threatened to remove house Speaker Mike
Johnson from Office over this
issue we had a lot of important measures
that had to be done and we got to this
as quickly as we could um this is a an
important matter I think it's it's
timely I think you've heard from leaders
around the world including including in
Ukraine that this is um this is being
done on a timely basis and and the house
had to have the time to deliberate and
and do this in the right manner um I I I
think we we did our work here and I
think uh history will judge it well the
White House has now issued a statement
terming the bipartisan Unity over the a
package a clear message about the power
of American leadership on the world
stage the legislation now proceeds to
the Democratic majority Senate which
will likely consider the bill on Tuesday
and potentially pass it sometime next
week upon its passing the bill will
finally be signed into law by President
Biden
[Music]