the Russian President Vladimir Putin is
caught in a limbo ever since Hamas
declared war on
Israel Russia is seen engaging in a
delicate Balancing
Act in the latest Putin has addressed
the Israel Hamas war with an ambiguous
two-way
statement he has acknowledged Israel's
right to self-defense in the face of an
unprecedented Brut
ity Putin then went on to emphasize the
creation of an independent Palestine
state with East Jerusalem as its capital
well Israel faced an unprecedented
attack that had never happened before
not in scale but also in character and
in remorselessness we have to face
it Israel is responding on a large scale
and using pretty cruel will methods
harsh of course
we understand the logic of what is going
on but despite all the ferocity on both
sides despite all the
remorselessness we need to think about
civilian
population some say that there may be
military and non-military measures T
taken against Gaza
sector similar to the blockade of
Leningrad during World War II
and President Vladimir Putin of Russia
has long cast himself as a friend of
Israel and the Jewish
people while moscow's support for
Palestinian cause dates to Soviet times
amid the worst attack on Israel in 50
years Putin remained silent for over 3
days no condolences or condemnation and
he's yet to call
Netanyahu instead in his first brief
comments on the attack Putin spoke about
civilian casualties women children and
the
elderly
there are clear geopolitical reasons for
Putin's shift on
Israel Russia has long tried to play a
king maker role in the Middle East and
build relations with all major poers
Moscow now finds itself beholden to
Israel's bitter enemy Iran which is one
of its primary arms suppliers for the
war in
Ukraine from breaking news detailed
analysis in-depth interviews and
explainers follow the times of India
subscribe to our YouTube channel don't
forget to like our videos and hit the
Bell icon to stay updated with the
latest
[Music]