U.S President Joe Biden has formally
extended an invitation for Israel's
president Isaac hardzog to visit the
White House the invite comes even as
Washington's ties with the government in
Israel remain icy that Israel's
presidents or the Israel president
Obi
in Washington next week he is also
expected to address a joint session on
the U.S Congress in honor of Israel's
75th anniversary
the United States says it remains
committed to Israel's Security even as
Washington is working for Israel's
greater integration in West Asia
but a deal with Saudi Arabia remains
elusive given Israel's tough stance on
Palestine in just six months Israel has
advanced more settlement construction
than it has in any previous year in
response to an ongoing Terror wave the
Israeli government also escalated its
military operations in the West Bank
leading to the highest Palestinian death
count in the territory in over two
decades the White House said Biden would
raise the issue with harzog
says Biden will also stress on the
importance of shared democratic values
this alludes to the effort by Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin netanyahu's
government to overhaul the Judiciary the
Biden Administration recently urged
Israeli authorities to protect and
respect the right of peaceful assembly
the statement came as police clashed
with protesters across the country
thousands of Israelis came back on the
streets this week as the Israeli
Parliament approved first part of the
contested reform package it is unlikely
that harzog's U.S visit will overshadow
the growing divide between the divided
Administration and the Netanyahu
government it will be harzog's second
White House visit in less than nine
months while Netanyahu is yet to receive
any invitation since returning to office
in late December
is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move
[Music]