rescued after 4 months in captivity the
Israeli military says these men
61-year-old Fernando Simon marman and
70-year-old Lewis ha have been rescued
from a residential building in Rafa
Israel says the men were kidnapped by
Hamas from kibot near yzak on October
the 7th they are only the second and
third of the Israeli hostages Who Remain
to have been rescued the IDF confirming
last Monday that 31 of the hostages had
been killed Israel has also announced
the death of Two Soldiers ADI Eldor and
Alon Kleinman both 21 years old killed
in southern Gaza but not involved in
this rescue
operation elsewhere in Rafa local Health
officials say 37 people have died and
dozens more are wounded after a series
of Israeli strikes Israel says the
strikes have concluded but have not
commented on the targets the damage or
the
casualties the focus of the fighting
remains for now in Kan Yunis the IDF
says it's going well but it's not done
yet Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has said evacuation back to
the north is possible once the IDF moves
into Rafa the areas that we've cleared
north of Rafa plenty of areas there but
uh we're working out a detailed plan to
do so and that's what we've done up to
now we're not uh uh we're not Cavalier
about this this is part of our war
effort to get civilians out of Harm's
Way it's part of hamas's effort to keep
them In Harm's
[Music]
Way he says that sending troops into the
city is necessary to win the war against
Hamas in its final stronghold and to
bring the rest of the hostages home but
there is considerable International
pressure including from Israel's biggest
Ally the United States not to attack the
city and certainly not without a
credible plan to protect civilians
Dam magn Sky News Jerusalem