forced to live outside preparing food
and sourcing clean water at daily chores
tens of thousands of Palestinians are
camping in the middle of another deadly
conflict with Israel the international
Criminal Court's prosecutor is clear
that the impeding humanitarian Aid
contravenes the Geneva Convention I want
to underline clearly to Israel that
there must be discernable efforts
without further delay to make sure
civilians receive basic food
medicine anesthetics
morphe we hear reports of operations
taking place without these
basic
medicines as if we're in the Middle Ages
as well as outlining Israel's
obligations Mr Khan called for Hamas to
release all hostages and return them
safely to their
families the need for quick action is
clear especially with Israeli Army
ground incursions into Gaza being
stepped up this Israeli footage was
filmed on the weekend and claims to show
heavy armored vehicles clearing tunnels
inside the Gaza Strip elsewhere
diplomatic meetings are continuing the
UK's foreign minister is in the United
Arab Emirates what we have what we've
seen on the 7th of October is a series
of mass atrocities the like of which I
don't think any of us have seen before
but we have said throughout this that we
expect them to act with Prof
professionalism with restraint to abide
by international law and we've had
reassurances from Israel that they will
do that gazans are in the eye of a storm
and with so little International Aid
reaching them many families are forced
to try and raise their own revenues to
buy food Muhammad says he's preparing
his family's first hot meal in 3 weeks
after being
displaced this this is the first meal
we've cooked with rice and meat over a
fire and I was able to do this by
selling Custard with honey in small cups
my children helped as well I went to the
market and got turkey and I cooked a
meal for them over the fire this is the
first meal since they bombed Alara City
and we had to
escape these Barbers say they're
offering haircuts to make men and boys
feel better only those who can pay but
the longer this latest war between
Israelis and Palestinians goes on on the
greater are the impacts on ordinary
people and the estimated 230 hostages
caught up in the fighting in Gaza YOLO
after