[Music]
get reaction from dr. Aphra han
charcoals associate professor of
international affairs at Qatar
University joining us live from Doha you
were listening in to our previous guests
there what did you make of what he said
in that this is actually good news
because there is no more pretend anymore
no one can pretend that there is a
two-state solution this is actually good
news I
actually couldn't agree any more and the
seam is absolutely right what has been
almost the hidden elephant in the room
that there was this peace process going
on all of this it's a big sham and it's
now been disclosed for what it is so
this presents the Palestinians and all
those interested in peace with a unique
opportunity to really move forward with
new partnerships with new people to move
away from the US as as the negotiator
because it is not neutral and it is not
does not have goodwill when it comes to
the Palestinian issue so I - I concur
that it's it's a great opportunity and
we should take this as such and who do
you think is going to be the new partner
I
believe that the international community
including the Palestinians including
various
multilateral organizations should all
come together this has to be a
multi-pronged type of effort Latin
America should be approached the African
Union the European Union I mentioned
before that what can be done is that
there should be a refusal to meet with
VP pence a refusal to meet with Mathis
there should be a recalling or a
downgrading of ties you should partner
with organizations in Canada the Council
of Canadians stopped the war coalition
black lives matter so on and so forth
the Quakers in the UK you can reach out
to numerous organizations the majority
of the people on the planet and bring
make a coalition to finally resolve this
issue
and in that I believe there is great
opportunity you could ask the Pope
Francis has been has been on record
recently saying that the status quo
should be observed he should be
approached he should have an
extraordinary Papa audience talking
about this issue there is a lot of
things with the right leadership with
the with the will that can be done to
kind of turn this situation
in the favor of all those people who are
looking for peace in the region
[Music]