the Israeli genocidal War continues to
kill and destroy every aspect of life in
Gaza for 74 days the Israeli War Machine
has been destroying entire neighborhoods
and civilian infrastructure not to
mention the mass killing of our people
everywhere including in their homes in
hospitals or in shelters we affirm our
position of categorically rejecting to
hold any form of negotiations over
prisoners exchange under the continuing
Israeli genocidal War we are however
open to any initiatives that contributes
to ending the aggression on our people
and opening The Crossing to bring in to
bring in Aid and provide the relief to
our Palestinian people in a related
topic and under the Israeli suffocating
Siege on Gaza the Palestinian people
especially in the northern part of the
Gaza Strip are on the verge of feine
thousands of families including children
and miners after 74 days of being cut
off from food and water supply spend
days and nights starving and it is the
responsibility of the International
Community and the UN to exert serious
pressure to ensure the flow of food
water and Medicine into Gaza under this
all out war on the Palestinian people we
in Hamas stress the
following the Palestinian people remain
steadfast on their land they will never
surrender to the evil Israeli plans amid
at
expelling them from their Homeland and
disc creting their San cities in spite
of the official statements about the D
humanitarian
repercussions of the Israeli aggressions
and the need to reduce the targeting of
civilians the US Administration is
complicit in this Israeli crimes which
wouldn't have happened without such
shameful American cover and support
indeed the US should be held accountable
for hindering International efforts to
end the aggression on Gaza
We Salute all free people across the
world we appreciate their rallies and
activ visit activism in support of the
Palestinian people and their struggle
for freedom and Justice keep pressuring
they bit on your fatigue prove the that
they are
wrong