US National Security advisor Jake
Sullivan was in ramala on Friday meeting
with Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas
the US wants the Palestinians to take
over Gaza as and when the fighting stops
but abbas's Palestinian Authority will
need strengthening a lot of help and a
meaningful political process on Friday
afternoon the Israeli government
announced it will now allow Aid to reach
Gaza through the Israeli Crossing at Kam
Abu Salem that could speed up the volume
of Aid getting in the Israelis will have
been under us pressure to do this as he
left Jake Sullivan welcome the news
earlier he stressed Israel should have
no long-term presence in Gaza but
admitted its military campaign against
Hamas will be long and there will be
different phases the current intense one
will end but he didn't say when there
will be a transition to another phase of
this war one that is focused uh in more
precise ways on targeting the leadership
and on intelligence-driven
operations that continues to deal with
the ongoing threat that Hamas poses by
that he meant a targeted campaign
against Hamas leaders he said
distinguishing between Hamas and
innocent civilians was both a moral and
strategic imperative for Israel in Gaza
there was little evidence of a different
phase in the fighting in the north
Israel's military said it destroyed a
Hamas Battalion in Shaya and a tunnel
complex but the bodies of two inducted
soldiers and one civilian hostage were
also discovered the shelling and air
strikes remained intense and
widespread the Palestinians say a school
Sheltering families was hit in car Yunis
these are the casualties arriving at the
NASA Hospital on Friday rescue and
Recovery efforts continued in Rafa where
this building was hit on Thursday all
day they've been recovering bodies the
conditions for civilians gathered in
southern Gaza are getting worse with
food shortages now a real
issue hunger is something people in Gaza
have never ever known before but hunger
has now
emerged over the last few weeks and we
meet more and more people who haven't
eaten for one two or 3 days the aid
agencies warn the basic infrastructure
to support hundreds and thousands of
displaced Palestinians is collapsing but
despite growing us criticism the current
phase of Israel's offensive may still
have weeks to run Simon McGregor would
trt world