one Palestinian has been killed and 25
others injured in an attack by dozens of
Israeli settlers in the occupied West
Bank now the group swept into a village
near rala after a teenage settler went
missing early on Friday dozens of homes
and vehicles were set on fire they joins
us now from uh very close to where that
incident happened uh Nida tell us where
you are because obviously it's a very
tense situation right
now yes indeed and not only that we
could not get to Alay Village but also
the funeral procession that was making
its way from rala to Al of the body of
the 25-year-old who was killed by
settler attacks could not come here the
reason is these Israeli soldiers who
have put up those uh uh structures and
closures and basically checkpoints and
we've been standing here and noticing
how the Israeli forces are only allowing
Israeli settlers to go past this road
but Palestinians no matter where they're
going no matter where they're from they
have not been allowed to go inside this
is one of the entrances leading to the
Village of Alay where we've seen
hundreds and hundreds of Israeli
settlers going to and attacking
Palestinians under the pretext of
looking for the 14-year-old Israeli
settler who went missing yesterday as he
was grazing his sheep in the area
surrounding Alay yes this is one of the
roads leading to the Village but there
are also other places that have been
closed either by the Israeli soldiers or
by the Israeli settlers which we've been
seeing Gathering across the occupied
West Bank you know it is Saturday
usually a holy day for Jews usually they
don't go out they are spending it as
what is known as Shabbat but today here
we're seeing the Israeli settlers all
across the occupied West Bank and
Palestinians are scared that with the
fact that the Israeli soldiers that were
there when the attacks took place in in
other Villages surrounding the occupied
West Bank that those settlers will have
the potential the impunity to be able to
continue their attacks against
Palestinians it remains a very tense
situation because as we were saying that
this was the largest attack in terms of
how many settlers were there the
majority of them are armed since the
beginning of the war on Gaza