and a split between Israel and United
States is now out in the open the two
close allies are divided over the future
of Gaza and the Palestinian statehood us
has asserted that only the establishment
of a Palestinian State can solve long
and short-term challenges in this region
however Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has completely rebuffed this
idea listen to these conflicting
statements we do believe that this
conflict as all conflicts do will end at
some point and that there needs to be a
political path forward for the
establishment of a Palestinian state
that is the only way not just to answer
the legitimate hop dreams aspirations of
the Palestinian people but it is also
and this is critical the only way to
provide lasting security for the Israeli
people I tell this truth to our American
friends and I also stopped the attempt
to impose a reality on us that would
harm Israel's security a prime minister
in Israel should be able to say no even
to our best friends say no when
necessary and say yes when
possible
now these public remarks by Nan yahu
could be seen as his sharpest rebuttle
of US policy so far Nathan yahu says
that the idea of creating a Palestinian
state would Clash with the security of
the country and that in any arrangement
in the foreseeable future Israel must
have security control over the entire
territory west of the Jordan River he
also responded to the calls for scaling
down the offensive in Gaza and assert
that it will only happen until the
country achieves all its goals in the
territory Nathan yah's comments came a
day after US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin said in Davos that the two-
State solution was the best way to
protect Israel and unify moderate Arab
countries now last month blinkin in his
fourth crisis trip to West Asia engaged
in intense diplomacy with Arab leaders
and he then took a raw deal to Israel
that its neighbors would help
rehabilitate Gaza and will continue
economic integration with the nation but
only on the condition of an independent
Palestine State us officials have
reportedly said that they would not
allow Nathan yah's apparent rejection to
stop them from pressing the matter with
their Israeli counterparts US state
department has reiterated its call for
post-war peace process and has urged
Israel to make tough
choices