as the war continues the International
Community are also making efforts to
ease the dire humanitarian situation in
Gaza and to initiate hostage release
there has also been a shift in support
for Israel after its unprecedented
attacks on the Gaza Strip US Secretary
of State Anthony blinkin welcomed
Israel's announcement of 4-Hour pauses
in specific areas in Gaza linkoln who
was in new DA meeting with top diplomats
and defense Chiefs from India and the
United States said more needed to be
done to protect civilians and ensure Aid
reached those in
need far too many Palestinians have been
killed far too many have suffered uh
these past weeks and we want to do
everything possible to prevent harm to
them and to maximize the assistance that
gets to them to that end we'll be
continuing to discuss with Israel
concrete steps that can be taken uh to
uh Advance these
objectives meanwhile in an interview
with BBC French president Emanuel macron
said that while he recognizes Israel's
right to protect itself macron said that
there was no justification for the
bombing and saying that a ceasefire
would benefit Israel he added that
France clearly condemns the terrorist
actions of Hamas while recognizing
Israel's right to protect itself he
urged Israel to stop bombing
Gaza Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince
Muhammad bin Salman called for an end to
the war in Gaza during an African Saudi
Summit held in the Kingdom's Capital
Riyad
in the last few days various Latin
American countries to have shunned
Israeli actions the Chilean and
Colombian governments recalled their
ambassadors to Israel for consultations
last week after Israel violated
International humanitarian law in the
Gaza Strip the Colombian president
Gustavo Pedro called the attacks and
Massacre of the Palestinian people in a
post on social media Network X Bolivia
broke ties with Israel citing crimes
against humanity other Latin American
neighbors such as Mexico and Brazil have
also recently called for a
ceasefire
[Music]