in a nation at War fighting does not St
for a holiday Christmas in Gaza was
marred by heavy bombardments leading to
hundreds and more casualties Israel
maintains its intense military
operations in Gaza despite pressure from
the United States moon has
more a member of Israel's war cabinet
and a close confident of its prime
minister is reportedly due to meet with
White House officials on Tuesday to
discuss the next stages of the conflict
in Gaza according to CNN on Monday Ron
dma who previously served as an
ambassador to the United States will be
meeting several senior Biden
Administration officials such as
National Security adviser Jake Sullivan
and Secretary of State Anthony blinkin
this comes following Israeli Prime
Minister Netanyahu declaring that the
war is not close to ending on Monday
despite the White House putting pressure
on Israel to lower the intensity of its
operations in the enclave and civilian
casualties netanyahu's statement was was
released after he visited Gaza for the
second time since he declared war on
Hamas with Israel upping its attacks
over the holidays Israeli forces killed
more than 100 people at the maazi
refugee camp with Palestinian
authorities seeing some 250 Palestinians
have been killed over the past 24 hours
Christmas Eve in Gaza was also marred by
heavy bombardments from the Israeli
military and its continued fight against
Hamas leading to the leveling of
buildings and injuries to over 500
people
as of Monday afternoon the death toll in
the strip has mounted to
20,700 as the war rages on various media
sources have reported a proposal by
Egypt to end the conflict a three-phase
plan to secure the release of hostages
despite Israel's war cabinet convening
on Monday no official statements have
been given so far regarding this
proposal or the release of hostages
being held in Gaza according to the Wall
Street Journal on Monday Netanyahu has
said that there are three prerequisites
for peace the elimination of Hamas the
demilitarization of Gaza and the
Palestinian Society being deradicalized
meanwhile US forces are being attacked
by iran-backed militants in Iraq and
Syria due to us support for Israel in
its conflict with Hamas the US military
has faced over 100 attacks in Iraq and
Syria since the start of the Israel
Hamas war in
October news