first Emanuel macron is calling on
Israel to avoid escalation in its war
with Hamas particularly in Lebanon the
French President making that statement
after an apparent Israeli air strike
killed Hamas Deputy leader hamas's
Deputy leader Tuesday in Beirut Hamas
allies including lebanon's Iran back
group Hezbollah say the death of Salah
arui will not go
unpunished now Israel has not officially
claimed responsibility for that drone
strike that killed the Hamas number two
but it does say it's is quote highly
prepared for any scenario that might
emerge after the Beirut attack Jerusalem
correspondent Jordana Miller
reports there's no question that orui is
on Israel's most wanted list even though
they have not claimed this attack it
does have all the Hallmarks of that uh
of an Israeli assassination it's an
extremely targeted uh drone strike from
what we're hearing uh from officials
there on the ground that just hit a
certain flooor and a certain space uh in
a highrise uh and Israel has done that
before with other assassinations that it
ended up claiming later now aori is uh
one of the most according to Israel one
of the most dangerous Hamas leaders uh
first of all he was in the political
ranks he was the deputy to uh to ishia
uh and he was also extremely close with
sinir who's the head of the military uh
Wing uh and this is a man who Israel
says uh planned the murder of three
teenage boys in
2014 uh that kicked off the last major
uh Gaza War almost 10 years ago uh he
sat in prison for nearly 20 years um but
then was released uh later uh in uh
right before a prisoner exchange uh uh
when for gilad shalid an Israeli soldier
that was kidnapped by G by uh Hamas uh
he lived in Lebanon and he was in charge
of hamas's operations in the West Bank
in building up uh the military
operations there recruiting Fighters
getting arms into the West Bank and also
helping to plot uh several uh Terror
deadly Terror attacks according to the
Israeli officials so it's clear there
was a motive here for isra
uh to get rid of uh aori as uh it
appears someone did uh late last night