India today is the first channel to
reach Rafa crossing the first Indian
channel to be at the very place where
the 2 million Palestinians living in
Gaza Strip are getting their Lifeline
their aid the supplies the humanitarian
aid from it's the Rafa Crossing that uh
between Egypt and Gaza that is
still operational and is sending
humanitarian Aid to Millions on the
other side there were a lot of trucks
queued up on the other side of the road
and those trucks certainly are waiting
to get their clearances to enter this
very Crossing to be able to provide uh
the basic supplies that are coming from
various countries to the people of Gaza
also uh with the with the truth and some
uh some allowance for critical patients
to be moved out of Gaza and to Egypt for
treatment these are the ambulances that
are lined up uh they are waiting and are
on standby in case there are any
critical patients that need to be taken
to the hospitals this is one of those
life uh one of those Crossings which is
not just a normal border crossing it's
not a Crossing where people can come
show their papers and walk out or walk
in anytime they want um there are
stringent rules there are there is one
military brace not so very far away from
here from where Israel monitors this
Crossing as well so who enters who exits
while is not completely under Israel's
control Israel does uh control or
monitor who is entering and exiting uh
the Rafa Crossing and therefore it makes
life very difficult for those who live
here in Gaza the only Crossing today
that is allowing entry and exit of
people of humanitarian Aid of medical
workers and of critical patients we'll
have to wait and see see whether if
there's going to be another ceasefire
for the release of hostages and for more
supplies to go in but for now things are
just trickling in and out of this very
important Crossing at the Rafa Crossing
Gita moan for India
today