Israel prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
has given out a statement and taking to
social media site Twitter Ben Netanyahu
has claimed that Hamas Rockets hit the
Gaza hospital and not Israeli strikes
Netanyahu has said it was a barage of
Hamas rockets that hit the hospital
Rockets were passing by the hospitals
that fired and I'm reading out from the
statement he's posted on the social
media site X which was formerly Twitter
analysis of IDF operational systems
indicates that a barriage of rockets was
fired by terrorists in Gaza passing in
close proximity to the AL Alo Hospital
in Gaza at the time when it was hit
intelligence from multiple sources have
revealed that Islamic Jihad is
responsible for the failed rocket launch
which hit the hospital in Gaza remember
interestingly Israel hasn't denied a lot
of strikes that have taken from whether
Hamas or Israel or from the IDF but this
time Israel has categorically said that
this was not an Israeli missile but it
was according to Israel that this was
from Hamas that misfired they were
aiming it at Israel it misfired landed
on the hospital listen in to what one of
the spokespersons of the IDF has to
say I want to give you an announcement
of the event that occurred in the
hospital in Gaza I can confirm that an
analysis of the IDF operational systems
indicates that a barriage of rockets was
fired by terrorists in Gaza passing in
close proximity to the alali AL madii
Hospital in Gaza at the time it was hit
intelligence from few sources that we
have in our hands indicates that the
Islamic Jihad is responsible for the
failed rocket launch which hit the
hospital in Gaza I repeat this is the
responsibility of Islamic Jihad that
killed Innocents in the hospital in Gaza