Israel launched a special forces
operation that freed two Israeli
hostages in Rafa on Monday the operation
also included air strikes which local
Health officials said killed and wounded
dozens in the southern Gaza City the
Israeli military identified the freed
hostages as Fernando Simon marman and
Lewis hair the two men were kidnapped by
Hamas on October 7th along with 250
others according to Israeli tallies
Israel has responded with a military
assault on the Gaza Strip that has
killed more than 28,000 Palestinians
according to the Hamas run Health
Ministry residents of Rafa contacted by
Reuters said Monday's attacks caused
Widespread Panic they added that planes
tanks and ships took part in the strikes
and that two mosques and several houses
were hit some feared a ground offensive
into the city had
begun the Israeli military said on
Monday it had conducted a quote series
of strikes on Southern Gaza that had now
quote concluded without providing
further details a military spokesman
said Marmon and hair were extracted from
the second story of a building by
Israeli forces under the cover of an air
strike the military said they were in
good condition and had been taken to a
hospital near Tel
Aviv Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu said in an interview aired on
Sunday that quote enough of the 132
remaining Israeli hostages held in Gaza
were alive to justify Israel's war in
the region his offic has said that it
had ordered the military to develop a
plan to evacuate Rafa and Destroy four
Hamas battalions it says are deployed
there Hamas run television on Sunday
quoted a senior Hamas leader as saying
any ground offensive in Rafa would quote
blow up the hostage exchange
negotiations the same day Egypt warned
of quote dire consequences of a
potential military assault on Rafa which
lies near its border Aid agencies say an
assault on Rafa would be catastrophic as
it is the last relatively safe place and
an enclave devastated by Israel's
military
offensive