this picture is all Malik has left off
her
father I'm upset and I really want to
see my siblings I also want my father to
come back safely my brothers are in Gaza
and my father
arrested along with her parents and one
of her sisters Malik came to ramala from
Gaz for medical treatment when the
conflict broke out they were trapped
unable to return home just a few days
before Aid the Israeli occupation forces
stormed the hotel where more than 56
gazam patients were Sheltering Malik's
father was arrested along with 17 other
men my husband was arrested my children
in Gaza and I'm not sure if I'll see
them there's no joy in Eid when I'm here
eating and drinking while they have no
food water or means life loses its
flavor and color my daughter calls me
saying mommy mommy Eid is a celebration
when you're with your family and
children but this Eid has no joy
especially with our family in
Gaza during many others fac the same
grief y's first steps and ramala were
without his parents they were denied
permits to enter for their son's cancer
treatment his grandmother was granted a
permit instead and became his soul
caregiver fearing arrest she didn't want
to show her face now I'm a mother and
grandmother and aring before he didn't
know me now he accepts no no one but me
he doesn't know anyone else there is no
taste to the holiday because I'm far
from my family and loved ones this is
the first time I spend the holiday away
from them the Gins stranded in the
occupied West Bank have became like a
small family and are spending Aid
together 6 month into war Gaz and trap
here have only one wish to return home
and be with their families again to live
together or die together fatan alwan trt
world Allah occupied West
Bank