three generations of the aish family
discuss the fate of one who's missing
dala a is in prison held by Israeli
authorities without charge under the
state's administrative detention
law di was late she hadn't come home a
woman who was with di told us she was
arrested by Israel soldiers at a
checkpoint Dial's family haven't been
able to visit her since she was detained
two months
ago she's the backbone of our family and
now that she's missing the entire family
is shaken especially after the war the
circumstances imp prison are different
there's no rule of law
inside diala is a lawyer she's devoted
her career to helping detained
Palestinian activists and political
prisoners I think diah was arrested
because she is a lawyer she's not the
only one many people upholding
Palestinian human rights have been
arrested activists journalists doctors
Dial's colleague muhamed says he
believes Israel is holding on to female
Palestinian prisoners because they'd be
the first to be exchanged in any deal
for the release of hostages in
Gaza Israel has undertaken an aggressive
arrest campaign 80% of those now in
prison wouldn't be there if there wasn't
a war since October 7th the number of
Palestinians placed in Israeli jails has
soared and conditions in places like
ofer prison have only gotten worse of
the more than seven ,000 Palestinians
detained since the War Began nearly half
are being held on administrative
detention orders which can be renewed
indefinitely n says he spent an entire
year in an Israeli prison on
administrative detention orders starved
and abused he says he was 30 kg lighter
when he was released with three broken
ribs he immediately went to hospital he
has a genetic heart condition and had
previously received open heart
surgery the worst day was the 25th of
October prison guards entered my cell
and beat me before I lost Consciousness
I told them I have a heart condition
they then started kicking me in my
chests no has been home only 3 weeks his
twin baby girls were just 6 months when
he
left I kept thinking about my girls deep
inside I was Furious because I knew I
was behind bars for no reason nor hopes
his days in prison are over but he could
be detained again without warning and
without legal charge Randolph Nole trt
world rala in the occupied West
[Music]
Bank