if you've ever wanted to borrow an item
or two from your favorite musicians
wardrobe well our next story can be of a
great help to you take a look at this
[Music]
one do you want a piece of Stardust well
here's a chance to grab a piece of your
favorite
star but be mindful that it's going to
cost you a
bomb more than 200 items are going under
the hammer at the memorabilia auction
which will take place on November
10th leading the Lots is a custommade
and photom matched leather jacket which
was worn by pop star Michael Jackson in
the 1984 Pepsi new generation
commercial George Michael fans can also
get their hands on a jacket worn by him
in the music video for I knew you were
waiting for
me
another anticipated item that will be
auctioned off is Amy win House's
hairpiece from the music video for you
know I'm no
good any music auction would be
incomplete without some rock and roll
relics and this one is no exception a
framed set list handwritten by Nirvana
singer Kurt Cobain is up for grabs
aspiring musicians can also take their
pick from the array of guitars being
sold
here from Oasis member n Gallagher's
guitar to acdc's Angus Young's Gibson
Junior artists can follow the footsteps
of their Rock icons but have you ever
wondered where these auctioned items
usually end up Tim lws has an answer for
you these pieces are going all over the
world mainly to collectors as you'd
expect but also to museums Studio
archives even band memb members
themselves and we're also seeing more
and more speculators and investment
people coming in to try and secure their
purchase props store will be holding its
annual entertainment memorabilia sale
from November 9th to 12th during which
it will also be selling famous items
from film and
television Bureau report weon world is
[Music]
one