[Music]
[Applause]
well this is a rally to bring people
together at a time when people are
feeling very vulnerable uh very
distressed uh a lot of people here this
evening have family members or friends
who have either been Mur
uh abducted or are missing in the wake
of the heinous attacks that occurred
over the weekend um as as families here
getting are gathering to celebrate
Thanksgiving uh that's exactly what
people in Israel were doing this weekend
it was their version of Thanksgiving
holiday that was happening there uh and
these attacks um targeting children uh
abducting children uh raping women um
murdering senior citizens in Cold Blood
uh have really shaken this community to
its core and and uh even those who who
were not directly attacked over the
weekend are are still in lockdown still
in in shelters um and we don't know what
tomorrow will hold and so we're all
coming together to sort of pray for
peace and for our family to return home
I'm standing here facing uh again uh an
an attempt to kill my family to kill my
people and I want to see somebody
standing up and call call them out these
people are the ones that have been the
aggressors for the last 70 years it is
time to change it's time to stop this
occupation and maybe then we'll have
lasting peace we're doing a
demonstration and solidarity with the
people of Palestine who are struggling
for their Liberation against an
occupation apartheid system uh set up by
the state of Israel and imposed upon
them Sabra Marcus is a holocaust
Survivor and has lost many family
members since the second world war she
lives by the slogan never again never
forgive never forg yet as a Survivor I
need to have it or I cannot survive much
longer I'm one of the youngest that
survived and I will not stop speaking
you know people have enough of it my
father was kicked out of his house my
family was killed right 75 years ago and
it's continuing till
now