good morning Anna yes f-16s in pre- Dawn
strikes hit two facilities that that
were used according to the Pentagon to
store weapons and ammunition uh they
were also used by the Iranian
revolutionary guard and militias now
they were in response to uh rocket and
drone fire which has hit American
Military assets since October the 7th
remember that America has uh many assets
across the Middle East it's moved
incidentally to aircraft carriers into
the Eastern Mediterranean as well as to
send a message uh to the Iranians but
this is signaling uh by the United
States two Iranian backed forces and
tyan not to get involved in this fight
now we have had some information
released on the pent by the Pentagon in
terms of the number of military
personnel that have been injured they
say 19 military personnel have suffered
what they call traumatic brain injuries
and this is why they had to act but they
have been clear trying to delineate what
this response was they say it was not
part of the Israel Hamas War now that's
for two reasons really firstly they want
to keep a an escalatory lid on things
they don't want this to spark a wider
crisis but also they don't want to be
seen as getting directly involved in
this war now in this region of course
they are seen as directly involved
people point out that these may be
Israeli Pilots bombing Gaza but they are
using American planes and American bombs
but the signal really is very much to
tan if you want to escalate we will go
with it but we are not seeking that and
to try and keep a lid on things here
that said we are um seeing daily
fighting along the border in southern
Lebanon with Northern Israel and the big
for fear of course is that this widens
out and becomes a bigger Regional
configuration