now the IDF of course has said that it
was a failed rocket that actually uh was
launched by the Islamic Jihad which hit
the hospital they've also released proof
to that effect let's quickly take our
viewers through that video that has been
released by the
IDF now Palestine officials of course
have blamed the ongoing uh Israeli air
strikes for this uh incident
of the hospital being bombed however a
spokesperson for the Israel Defense
Forces has said that the Palestinian
Islamic Jihad group is responsible for
this failed rocket launch and uh the IDF
has released this video to that effect
which does show a rocket Landing shot
now this is not the first time of course
that uh Rockets from the Palestinian
side have landed
shot I want to give you an announcement
of the event that occurred in the
hospital in Gaza I can confirm that an
analysis of the IDF operational systems
indicates that a barriage of rockets was
fired by terrorists in Gaza passing in
close proximity to the alali AL madii
Hospital in Gaza at the time it was hit
intelligence from few sources that we
have in our hands indicates that the
Islamic Jihad is responsible for the
fair rocket launch which hit the
hospital in Gaza I repeat this is the
responsibility of Islamic Jihad that
killed Innocents in the hospital in
Gaza now in fact the Australian prime
minister Anthony albanesi has criticized
what has happened he has said that this
blast is deeply
concerning uh we have seen a devastating
uh loss of innocent lives since uh the
attacks on Israel by the terrorist group
Hamas but the scenes from the explosion
at a Gaza City Hospital are deeply
distressing and it is clear that there
has been a devastating loss of life
every innocent life matters whether it
is Israeli or
Palestinian our thoughts are with those
killed those injured and their loved
ones the protection of Civilian lives
must come first as the parliament said
in its resolution that we carried on
Monday and respect for international
humanitarian law is Paramount we condemn
any indiscriminate attacks and targeting
of Civilian infrastructure including
hospitals and Australia joins with
others in calling for international law
to always be upheld