the big Israel Hamas War us is now
welcomed the extended pause extended
ceasefire in the military operations the
United States of America has said
ceasefire will allow 20 hostages to be
freed United States of America has said
Biden closely is monitoring the
situation while Kirby has added that
over 200 TS with humanitarian Aid has
entered into the Gaza Strip Israel Hamas
Seas fire deal has been extended by the
next 2 days so that's a big statement
coming in that with the two days of
extended truce between Israel and the
IDF and the Hamas now the United States
of America has said ceas fire will allow
20 hostages to be feed remember there
are American CI citizens also who are
hostages uh with the Hamas
presid we welcome the announcement just
a little bit ago I think in the last
hour or so by cutter that the
humanitarian pause in Gaza now in its
fourth day will be extended for another
two days through Thursday morning is
real time this humanitarian pause has
already brought a halt to the fighting
together with a surge of humanitarian
assistance now in order to extend the
pause Hamas has committed to releasing
another 20 women and children over the
next two days we would of course hope to
see the pause extended further and that
will depend upon Hamas continuing to
release hostages the president has been
deeply engaged on this process
throughout the Thanksgiving weekend he
spoke with the Amir of cutter at a very
critical moment to help resolve an
impass on the second day of the pause
and then yesterday he spoke with prime
minister Netanyahu with a focus on
working towards an extension of the
pause the extension that Frank quite
frankly we're seeing today