well the deadly Israel Hamas War
continues to only escalate the Israeli
military has released footage which
shows hostages being taken into gaza's
largest hospital after the deadly Hamas
attacks of 7th of October furthermore
Israel also published video of what it
described as a 55 M long tunnel du by
Hamas under the Gaza Strip shifa
Hospital Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has criticized Palestinian
president mohammud Abbas for refusing to
condemn the attack and accused of
denying in fact the responsibility
Israel also confirmed that there will be
no ceasefire in exchange for 240
hostages Hamas took during its attack on
the 7th of October in addition the Qatar
prime minister said a deal to free Hamas
hostages of hostages that have been held
by Hamas seized in on the 7th of October
attack on Israel now hinges on minor
practical issues meanwhile India has
also sent a fresh batch of humanitarian
Aid to the Gaza Strip using the Indian
Air Force's c17 aircraft carrying 32
tons of
eight my goal is that the day after we
destroy Hamas any future civil
Administration in Gaza does not deny the
massacre does not educate its children
to become terrorists does not pay for
terrorists and does not tell its
children that their ultimate goal in
life is to see the destruction and
dissolution of the state of Israel
that's not accept acable and that is not
the way to achieve peace yesterday we
evacuated people from the alifa hospital
in coordination like we did the babies
today at the request of the
administration of of the hospital um
that is what we've been doing you know
we had uh requested for several weeks
now that the hospital be evacuated and
unfortunately the uh different
organizations did not deem it possible
and today we proved again that it is
possible and where we need to save lives
we need to work together in order to
evacuate people from H's way that is
what we've been doing over the last 48
hours
now
for
fore