Israeli tanks are stationed near the
Gaza border amidst fears of an IDF
offensive on Rafa Israel has said that
it is giving Hamas one last chance to
reconsider what Israel is describing is
some kind of a ceasefire deal according
to reports Hamas is currently reviewing
the latest Israeli counter proposal
although what Israel is saying is not a
seasar in the sense that the word ceas
far is understood but more a military
pause the efforts for fresh TR STS have
come alongside the over Israeli bombing
of raava where currently 1.4 million
Palestinians at this moment are
Sheltering the Red Cross agency has said
that the evacuation of the displaced
Palestinians in Rafa is just not
possible the Palestinian Health Ministry
has informed that 32 Palestinians were
wounded in overnight Israeli strikes on
Rafa the Palestinian president mohammud
Abbas and also several International
officials would also be in Riyad this
week for talks to push for a peace
agreement in the Gaza Strip Now The
American Secretary of State and anony
Lincoln and Regional leaders including
the Kat prime minister Saudi Arabia's
forign Minister oman's Crown Prince and
the bahini officials will be attending
the meeting these talks will be held on
the sidelines of a world economic Forum
meeting the Washington stop Diplomat
Anthony blinkin is expected to visit
Israel next week to sort the US Israeli
differences over the war in the Gaza STM
the blinkin meeting with the Israeli top
official will be centered around host is
held in Gaza and also an impending
Israeli military operation in the
southern Gaza City of Rafa blinkin would
earlier visited Israel in March had
warned that its plans to invade Rafa
were more than where more than 1.4
million Palestinians are Sheltering will
pose catastrophic risks to the
population while the diplomacy to end
the war in Gaza is underway China has
also hosted the Palestinian Unity talks
between Hamas and fat the fat is the
movement of Mahmud Abbas who is the
president of the western B Palestinian
Authority which exercis a very limited
self-rule
within the occupied Israeli
Westbank the two rival Palestinian
factions failed to heal their political
differences while Hamas remember had
expelled fat from Raza in
[Music]
2007 for all the latest news download
the Von app and subs subcribe to our
YouTube channel