now as we speak the sure number of dead
bodies continue to Mountain Gaza the
death toll in the WaterOne Enclave has
surpassed
30,400 right him in Rafa funeral
services for those who lost their lives
took place on Sunday 14 people were
killed by an air strike that flattened
their homes in the waning hours of
Saturday born a few weeks into the Gaza
War infant Twins vzam and Naim Abu Anza
were also among the ones who were
buried many are still trapped under the
rubble of ruins in gaza's Southernmost
city Palestinian civil defense released
a video showing Crews conducting rescue
operations after air strikes on
[Music]
[Applause]
Rafa
meanwhile the United States carried out
its first humanitarian air drops over
the weekend US military planes delivered
more than 38,000 meals into a territory
where the United Nations says over half
a million people are one step away from
famine conditions however critics and a
agencies claim that it is extremely
difficult to ensure that the air drops
do not end up in the hands of Hamas
militants as Israel pursues its war with
Hamas experts claim that being forced to
costly and inefficient air drops it just
shows Washington's limited influence
over
Israel we have Crossings it is better to
send Aid via Crossings and better than
dropping via parachutes the parachutes
Aid is not enough for one family this is
nothing Egypt should open its Crossing
and let trucks get in
normally calls for a Seas fire in Gaza
are echoing across the globe hands of
Rafa rallies are being held in cities
worldwide protesters in Washington DC
called on the United States to end its
military aid to Israel and push for a
permanent seize fire in Gaza their
immediate focus is the Rafa City where
Israel has warned it will launch a
ground offensive in the coming
days
[Music]
from the
[Music]
sea