[Music]
Britain and the United States have
expressed reservations following Middle
East peace talks in Paris they say the
Palestinians and Israelis should have
participated in the conference the US
Secretary of State also objected to
Donald Trump's comments that the u.s.
embassy could be moved to Jerusalem
Eddie's Tian Shan has more from the
meeting
top diplomats from more than 70
countries including 40 ministers
gathered in Paris on Sunday to voice
their concern about the ongoing impasse
in the israeli-palestinian conflict
leading the conference the french
Foreign Minister reaffirmed a unity in
the international community regarding
the two-state solution
lithonia objectives in avadi our first
goal is to say with strength that a
two-state solution is the only possible
ones it is the only one that provides an
answer to the legitimate aspirations and
rights of both parties
the joint declaration of the conference
called on both parties to take urgent
steps in order to reverse the current
negative trends on the ground including
continued acts of violence and ongoing
settlement activity the Israeli Prime
Minister earlier called the conference a
Palestinian scam under the French
auspices passionate colostrum the policy
leaders conference taking place in Paris
is an insignificant conference it was
coordinated between the French and the
Palestinians its purpose is to enforce
on Israel conditions that are not in
line with our national needs
the French president responded to the
criticism rejecting the allegation in
the package show I want we clear on our
intentions
it is out of question to dictate the
parties the parameters to resolve the
situation as some have pretended to
disqualify our efforts i
reaffirm here that only direct
negotiations between the Israelis and
the Palestinians can lead to peace perf
code Rio alipay the Paris conference
doesn't bring anything new to the table
it's a reaffirm ation of past decisions
and commit me which are still not agreed
on between Israelis and Palestinians so
whether it will have an immediate impact
is highly questionable but it's hoped a
conference of such size with n voice
from so many nations will bring the
stalled peace process back at the top of
the international agenda it is Tian Shan
trt world in Paris
[Music]