let's take a look at what's happening in
the Israel Hamas War which of course
still continues medicines for hostages
in Gaza and humanitarian aid for
civilians has entered the waron
Palestinian territory under a deal
mediated by Doha and Paris well this
comes after Hamas announced new
conditions for delivering medicines to
the hostages that still remain in Gaza
under the deal mediated by France and
Qatar medicines along with humanitarian
Aid has been supplied to Gins in
exchange for providing medicines to
about 4 5 hostages Hamas senior leader
said on Wednesday that for every box of
medicine for hostages thousand boxes
must be given to the residents of Gaza
he further said that medicines must be
supplied through a country Hamas trust
and France is not one of
them now during a weekl long truce in
November Hamas released over 100
hostages in exchange for around 240
Palestinian prisoners back at home
Israelis are increasing pressure on the
government to make to make more efforts
for the release of
hostages now for more on this our
correspondent Jodi Cohen has sent us
this
report this deal negotiated by Qatar and
France marks the first time in more than
100 days that the hostages would have
received medicine a particular concern
for the elderly and injured talks are
also ongoing regarding a potential deal
to release the more than 130 hostages
still being held in Gaza many of the
hostages families believe their
government's first priority should be
the release of the hostages and then
defeating Hamas however Israel's defense
minister yoav galance has suggested that
he believes military pressure on Hamas
is what will lead them to Serious
negotiations meanwhile a small protest
in Tel Aviv with roughly 20 to 30
participants has called for a ceasefire
prime minister Netanyahu has reported Le
suggested that the war could continue
throughout 2024 this is jod Cohen for
weon world is
[Music]
one