many are describing hamas's surprise
incursion as Israel's 9911 the death
toll jumped dramatically as hundreds of
young people who were at a party in a
forest near Gaza apparently were killed
the Israeli Army said more than a 100
Israelis were kidnapped and taken to
Gaza among them the elderly women and
children including 85-year-old yafa Adar
her granddaughter adva told journalists
what happened we start to look for her
and we found videos in Facebook that the
Hamas posted that show clearly how
they're taking her she's 85 years old
ill um taking her to Gaza uh like four
uh men uh with
guns and her um I can not even start to
imagine how scared and how uncomfortable
she
was again she's
85 she's sick she has no uh no medicine
with her Hamas declared Victory and
cited military achievements against
Israel he says Hamas is fighting
heroically and piling up the dead and
injured on several fronts the alasan
brigades the military wing of Hamas said
on the telegram messaging app that Hamas
fired more rockets at Tel Aviv Saturday
night through Dawn Sunday in retaliation
for Israel bombing a residential Tower
in Gaza City alassan brigade said
they're providing fortifications mortar
shells and Rockets to support militant
forces operating in the field Israel
continued to bombard Gaza with air
strikes that have killed hundreds of
Palestinians Israel says it has taken
dozens of Hamas gunmen as Prisoners the
Hamas attack came as a surprise to the
Israeli military establishment it's a
huge failure of the um of the
intelligence system and the military
apparatus in the South it's combined
together and um all the investigations
will be done after the war not now for
now Israel has launched a major callup
of reserves and many analysts say Israel
is preparing for ground incursion into
Gaza Linda Stein for vaa news
Jerusalem