meanwhile following the humanitarian
breakthrough at the Rafa Crossing more
foreigners and injured Palestinians
cross into Egypt on the second day of
Rafa's opening including five South
Korean Nationals ourin reports using our
AI
reporter on the second day of the raffic
crossing reopening on Thursday 344
foreign Nationals and D citizens as well
as dozens of severely injured
Palestinians ped through the Egypt Gaza
border the raffic crossing is the only
Gaza border crossing that is in under
Israeli control and is a crucial Gateway
for humanitarian support so um we
finally got the chance to almost leave
Gaza this is my fifth attempt to leave
Thursday's Crossings follow the at least
361 foreign Nationals and 76 injured
Palestinians who were able to cross into
Egypt on Wednesday the Egyptian
government said it plans to help
evacuate around 7,000 foreigners and
dual Nationals from the Gaza Strip
without providing a specific timeline
among those crossing the border on
Thursday wore a South Korean family
according to Soul's foreign Ministry the
family of five who were the only South
Koreans living in the Gaza Strip were
safly evacuated to Egypt on
Thursday I have a Korean nationality and
really leave in Gaza thank God today we
left Gaza to Egypt thankfully we left
behind the wall this situation but our
family and relatives are still in
Gaza the ministry said the family
arrived in Egypt at around 11:15 a.m.
local time and they are being provided
with cons assistance including
accommodation and medical checkups
meanwhile a Japanese aircraft bringing
15 South Koreans and one foreign
National family member departed Tel Aviv
for Tokyo on Thursday along with
Japanese Nationals it is the second
flight Japan is providing to South Korea
following the offering of 20 seats last
month this is seen as returning the
favor after Soul brought back some 50
Japanese Nationals along with South
Koreans from Israel on October 14 with
this there are 420 South Korean citizens
remaining in Israel Shin adang news