yes
all right but there are reports coming
in that the man who led a recent
rebellion in Russia may have been killed
in a plane crash today that's according
to Russian officials you have guinea
pregosian listed as a passenger on board
a plane that was flying from Moscow to
Saint Petersburg when it crashed here's
what we know 10 people on board a jet it
was a private jet burgosian the leader
of the Wagner group a Russian mercenary
group had fought some of the deadliest
battles in Ukraine as part of Russia's
invasion in June Wagner though turned on
Russia's own military triggering a major
confrontation leading to worries that
Russia was at the risk of a Civil War as
Wagner's troops moved ever closer toward
Moscow they were promising to get rid of
Russia's top generals the Rebellion put
down within about 48 hours but not
before a number of Russian Pilots were
killed by the Wagner group and Russia's
President Vladimir Putin appeared to be
stunned by what had happened pregosian
had been a longtime Ally a deal was
reached which pagosian agreed to end the
Rebellion he was not charged with any
crimes but this crash will be seen by
come as immediately suspicious because
many Russian analysts had said as a
result of what he did it was only a
matter of time before he would either be
arrested or possibly assassinated in
fact U.S President Joe Biden said at the
time that if he were you have got any
pregosian he would quote watch his back
again at this point all we know reports
coming in from Russian authorities that
Evgeni pregosian the head of the Wagner
mercenary group was listed on a as a
passenger on board a private plane that
crashed in Russia Today no other details
coming in we will bring you all the
developments though right here on CTV
News Channel