now Israel exposed that law the issue of
Israel Palestine has been debated for
decades in the General Assembly but for
decades to agreement under this roof has
been in deep disconnect with the reality
the vote condemning the u.s. decision to
move its embassy to Jerusalem serving a
case in point
128 nations voted in favor only nine
countries including Israel and the u.s.
voted against nevertheless this week at
least two leaders still regarded as a
victory third this is the first time
that we need after the American Embassy
has been moved to Jerusalem right you
change history and you've touched our
hearts but the Palestinian leader argues
that the u.s. decision just ignores
rather than changes history we have
concluded agreements with the US
administration and the US administration
has broken all these agreements it takes
two to tango so an agreement should be
respected by all the parties among the
other UN resolutions ignored by the
Trump administration those concerning
the illegality of settlements borders as
defined by the 1967 lines of
disengagement and in recent weeks even
the questioning of the right of refugees
to return this to the dismay of longtime
US allies I don't believe it's possible
unilaterally to take a subject like that
off the table and it must be part of the
the final discussions this week though
apparent clarity on what for decades has
been a un position that's what I think
works best I don't even have to speak to
anybody that's my feeling now you may
have a different feeling I don't think
so but I think two-state solution works
best it's the one point on which all
parties in the General Assembly would
agree Mike Hanna al Jazeera United
Nations