in 1896 Jewish Austrian journalist
Theodor Herzl published an influential
pamphlet called the Jewish state which
argued that the establishment of a
Jewish nation was the only way of
protecting Jews from anti-semitism at
the first Zionist Congress a year later
led by Herzl Ottoman controlled
Palestine was chosen as location a place
Jews believed was their rightful
homeland with the collapse of the
Ottoman Empire during World War one
Palestine came under the control of the
British under a League of Nations
mandate in 1917 the British government
issued the Balfour Declaration which
promised to establish a Jewish homeland
in Palestine while preserving the civil
and religious rights of non Jewish
communities there although it was
protested by Arab states the declaration
was authorized by the League of Nations
in 1922 during the 1920s tensions
between Arabs and Jews increased as
thousands of Jewish migrants arrived in
Palestine escaping persecution in Russia
Germany and Eastern Europe during World
War two migration spiked as Jews fled
the Holocaust in Europe by the end of
the war Britain unable to find a
peaceful solution referred the problem
to the UN which in 1947 voted 33 to 13
to partition Palestine between a Jewish
and an Arab state with Jerusalem under
the control of an international regime
the Jews agreed but the Arabs didn't but
on May 14 1948 Britain withdrew and the
State of Israel was proclaimed the first
Jewish state to be established in 2,000
years the next day forces from Egypt
Transjordan Syria Lebanon and Iraq
invaded the 1948 war ensued and
eventually led to Jews claiming more key
territory from the Arabs including
Western Jerusalem around 700,000
Palestinians fled or were expelled from
these areas that became part of Israel
in an event they call al Nakba the
catastrophe some 70 years later the
conflict over territory is far from
being resolved