as members of a California Community
gathered on Tuesday to remember a Jewish
man who died after an altercation at
dueling pro-israel and Palestinian
protests on the weekend police say they
have a suspect Paul Kesler fell and hit
his head but was still conscious when
police arrived at the scene in Thousand
Oaks not far from Los Angeles on Sunday
that's according to Ventura County
Sheriff Jim fryhoff who said the
69-year-old died hours later in Hospital
of blunt force head trauma that makes
the case a homicide but officials
stressed it merely means that another
person was involved and does not
indicate if anything criminal took place
at a news conference the sheriff said
police don't know how kesla fell yet
these Witnesses providing conflicting
statements about what the altercation
and who the aggressor was some of the
Witnesses were Pro Palestine While
others were
pro-israel during the investigation at
the scene deputies determined that the
altercation with Mr Kessler he fell
backward and struck his head on the
ground what exactly transpired prior to
Mr Kesler falling backward isn't crystal
clear right now fryhoff declined to name
the suspect who was not under arrest on
Tuesday but said he was one of the
people who called 911 and stayed behind
to speak with investigators officers are
calling for videos and photos of the
incident to help with the
investigation a local Rabbi said he
spoke to kesler's Wi who was in shock
what I know from Paul was that he was a
very proud Jew and one who loved Israel
very very much um and unfortunately and
tragically and uh lost his life um May
his memory be a blessing for all of us
while a local Imam expressed his
condolences that is very tragic and our
and our community by the way offers our
deepest condolences and sincere
condolences to the kesla family some
residents said they're worried about
escalating violence a lot of people last
night were like this what is this going
to start it comes as emotions run high
in the United States over the Israel
Hamas war with officials and civil
rights groups warning of increased
threats against Jewish Muslim and Arab
communities in the US since early
October the Ventura County Sheriff said
since kesler's death his deputies have
increased patrols around synagogues and
mosques