Thai hostages emerg from Shamir Medical
Center in Israel giving thanks for their
freedom we spoke exclusively to one man
who helped negotiate their release from
Gaza have you heard from the Thai
hostages that have been released and if
so what have they said about their
experience in
Gaza I didn't speak to them they're not
allowed to speak with anyone outside
their families until 48 hours after
their release but they have all told
their families they were well taken care
of well looked after given shelter
clothes food and water and given mental
support what were you told by Hamas
about the conditions that the tie
hostages were being held
under Hamas told me they were prisoners
of war that they mostly lived in tunnels
but some stayed in the refugee camps
some stayed in
houses your group said early on that the
Thai hostages were being looked after
why were you so confident that was the
case our group talked to Hamas five
times as representatives of the Tha
house speaker and leader of sh Muslims
in Thailand on every negotiation they
confirmed to us that the ties were
captured as War PR bus and would always
be treated according to the Quran and
Islamic law so I was confident Hamas
would take care of the thae workers and
you could see in the workers who were
released they had good interactions with
Hamas is this just all part of a deal
that's been done with Hamas they
released High citizens and the hostages
have to all say they were treated
[Music]
well when we negotiated with Hass they
didn't give any requests or conditions
for release they just said that the Tha
hostages would be freed when there's a
ceasefire why do you think you've been
more successful than other nations like
the Americans in
negotiations we went there to negotiate
as normal people not politicians Hamas
saw this they saw us as Thai Muslims we
were civilians and that's why they
decided to release the ties they
promised that if there was a ceasefire
Thai people would be released in the
first group now we can obviously see
taies are among the First Citizens to be
released compared to 20 other
nationalities what we don't yet know is
how much those freed a willing or able
to say about life in captivity Cordelia
Lynch Sky News Bangkok Thailand come on