sir so what solution what uh immediate
solution do you see for ending this uh
inter this attack
counterattacks well what one thing is
clear Israel must be guaranteed full
safety of its
citizens nobody in Israel will go will
agree to go back to the pre sth of
October situation we canot be threatened
and you know what part of the issue is
that we're also attacked from our North
byala which is a huge Terror
organization that has taken over Lebanon
under the arms of Iran and the real
Empire of evil here starts in Teran and
spreads Islamic fundamentalism of the
worst kind to the entire region they
have taken over Syria and Lebanon and
Gaza and now from Yemen we are attacked
and Iraq and everybody should be very
aware that there is an Iranian evil
effort to undermine the entire Regional
situation let me remind your viewers
about a month and a half ago or so two
months ago in the G20 Summit where Prime
Minister Modi was there President Joe
Biden of the United States announced a
special Corridor of of of energy and
communication
and business and science from Israel all
the way down to India through Saudi
Arabia and the gulf and Jordan an
amazing amazing Vision that connects all
of us together that will connect Europe
to Southeast Asia and even America all
the way to Australia that's a Grand
Vision that gives India a huge strength
on the way but somebody decided that
they want to derail this effort of
inclus ion of Israel and this huge peace
vision of President Biden imagine and
think who at the end this Empire of evil
of Iran is working extra hours to
undermine any inclusion of Israel in the
region and any peace process and we all
all nations in the world must fight
Iran for pursuing this evil uh approach