so my mom called at like 1:00 a.m. the
minute I'd heard th say it's your mom
and I just immediately felt sick and she
was just crying and she said we've left
the house we don't know where we're
going we're in the street and we don't
know what to do and it was trying to get
the information of like what's actually
happened I called my sister and my aunt
to say there's 100 people in our home pH
them as well and we'll kind of create a
picture um and then it seemed that just
with things the stress of everything
people are just kind of up to hi do and
one person panics another person that
panics another person that the ID is
going to get hit and we need to get out
but they went back to the home what was
really difficult was they were very much
asking me what they should do and I
don't know what to do to keep them safe
so that feeling of helplessness is H
really poignant right now and Hamza was
talking the other day about how you
explain all of this to your youngest um
we haven't heard from you on that and
that certainly was an emotional moment
for him how is that as a family trying
to explain that to both your children
but particularly your youngest um my
youngest is asked why is mom always
crying so you know I just said I miss my
mom and you know you miss me and I Miss
Granny and and we'll see her soon but
sometimes I miss her a lot so she
explains that it's actually worse for my
14-year-old because she can see
everything and she asked me if they'll
be okay and I say Yes she'll ask me if
they'll get out I say yes and she's like
you don't believe that do you so I'm
really trying to and I do believe that I
do believe they'll get out and I do
believe they'll stay safe and I just I
believe they'll come home so being
positive and how have those interactions
gone with foreign office about trying to
get your family out there has there been
any developments on that front since we
last mhm right now just the negotiations
are happening um they've said to me that
look it's personal for them they have
staff there and it's they desperately
want people out but the negotiations are
ongoing and as much as I I truly believe
that it it's not a comfort to myself um
I just want them out there as soon as
possible