bring them home bring them it has become
a mantra for Jews and Israelis the world
over three simple words bring them home
bring them bring them home 100 days
since the October 7th attacks and more
than 130 hostages remain in captivity
thousands coming to London's Trafalga
Square to ensure they're not forgotten
it makes me feel sick um and what's the
hardest thing is that I feel like the
world is asleep I think the world has
forgotten um forgotten the hostages have
forgotten how this how this began among
those in captivity is IET Fitz's brother
nadav one of two UK Nationals still
being held it's a nightmare that we just
can't wake up from um waking up every
morning trying to you know stay hopeful
but we we worry um time running out I I
believe so former Home Secretary soel
bravman was also in the crowd and joined
in a 100 second
silence we need to stand with Israel
continually throughout this bitter and
cruel and evil
conflict it's clear there's still a
great deal of Sympathy for the remaining
hostages and all those affected by the
October 7th attacks but that is just one
side of the story now of course the
other is what's happening in Gaza and
the fact that Israel now stands accused
of genocide in the international Court
of
Justice more than 23,000 Palestinians
have been killed by Israel's offensive
according to the Hamas controlled Health
Ministry in Gaza where today Israeli
tanks were seen on the border we are
fighting a defensive War to bring back
the hostages We Fear killing more than
20,000 Palestinians be counted as
defensive we are acting in accordance
with international law to pursue Hamas
unfortunately Hamas has spent the last
16 years years cynically embedding its
military infrastructure under civilian
areas we have been trying to evacuate
and they have been preventing from
evacuating but what is condemned by many
outside Israel needs no justification by
those still missing loved ones here in
Tel Aviv another rally demanding the
hostages release this nation forever
altered Iva Bennett Sky
News