and the US and Qatar have reached an
agreement that the qataris will not act
on any request from Teran to access the
$6 billion in Iranian funds and this was
informed by Us official on Thursday now
these funds were blocked last month as
part of a prisoner swap deal us
officials did not describe the money as
Frozen permanently but said that case-by
casee applications to spend it under the
current Arrangement will be denied for
the foreseeable
future none of the funds that have now
gone to Cutter have actually been spent
or acccessed in any way uh by Iran
indeed funds from that account are
overseen by the treasury Department can
only be dispensed for humanitarian Goods
food medicine medical equipment and
never touch Iranian hands um we have
strict oversight of the funds and we
retain the right to freeze them
well the move comes after harsh
criticism mainly from Republicans that
the Biden administration had given Iran
a was Sum to provide support to Hamas
before it attacked Israel last week and
to clarify this Iran's supreme leader on
Tuesday said that tan was not involved
in the Hamas attack on Israel take a
listen regime
now the move reflects just how rapidly
the Hamas Mass m in Israel has reshaped
us relations in the region and as Israel
pummels Gaza in retaliation the Biden
Administration has reaffirmed its
commitment to its allies with Secretary
of State Anthony blinkin traveling to
Israel in a show of
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
support and of course onent Susan terani
U describes us on the nities of the US's
concerns over this conflict spreading
into the wider region
nichas just one day after un Secretary
General Antonio gutiz pleaded for the
war to be contained US Secretary of
State Anthony blinkin has expanded his
Middle East trip clearly concerned that
there is a risk of a spillover and a
wider conflict in the region will not
only be visiting Jordan but also Qatar
Saudi Arabia the United Arab Emirates as
well as Egypt while defense secretary
Lloyd Austin is expected to be in Israel
on
[Music]
Friday