[Music]
the
sh
during the war bodies have been
transported to Israel for an
identification procedure as part of our
effort to locate the hostages and the
missing persons the difficulties in
identifying those murdered make it
necessary to transfer the bodies to
Israel for forensic
identification the process of examining
the bodies coming from the gasa strip is
a routine analysis that complies with
internationally accepted forensic
standards ruling out their
identification as Israeli hostages
abducted on October 7th time is running
out for the 129 hostages in the Hamas
Terror dungeons since 107 in fact time
has already run out for the 22 of them
Hamas has already murdered and is
holding their bodies hostage un agencies
are currently struggling to distribute
Aid at the pace that Israel is
inspecting it that's why yesterday the
km Shalom Crossing was closed at the
request of the United Nations due to
logistical constraints on the gazen side
of the crossing and we hope that the UN
will now do a better job of clearing
that backlog unfortunately to date the
UN Aid mechanism in Gaza has been
woefully unsuccessful because it goes
through onra Aid simply isn't reaching
the people who need it because Hamas
hijacks it and onra covers up for it
despite our severe warnings Hezbollah
continues its unprovoked aggression
against Israeli territory we are now at
a fork in the road either hezb backs off
from the Israeli Border in line with UN
resolution 1701 from 2006 or we will
push it away
ourselves
so
h
in it
why not
e
B no
elated
yeah it don't have to work for us no no
I fixed
[Music]
it
right now
now
uh what you are seeing here is the
Buddies of two girls
children
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
he
what
one in the
back why was
I
[Music]
[Music]
the checkpoint is
empty come on make it like you're
working f it hang
s this is just like an ory of good
[Music]
tops