the United Nations Agency for
Palestinian refugees on Friday said it
has opened an investigation into several
employees suspected of involvement in
the October 7th attacks in Israel by
Hamas and that it has severed ties with
those staff members FIP larini the
commissioner general of unra did not
disclose the number of employees
allegedly involved in the attacks nor
the nature of their alleged involvement
but he did say that any under employee
who was involved in Acts of Terror would
be held accountable including through
criminal prosecution the US state
department said it was extremely
troubled by the allegations which it
said pertained to 12 unrar employees it
also said it would provide no additional
funding to the agency until the
allegations were addressed a
representative for United Nations
Secretary General Antonio gutterz said
he was horrified by this news adding
that an urgent and comprehensive
independent review of unro will be
conducted how symbolic is it that on
International Holocaust Remembrance Day
it was exposed that anra employees took
part in the massacre gillad eron
permanent representative of Israel to
the United Nations called out the agency
following the news the UN is not only
weaponized to delegitimize our existence
but also to physically exterminate
us contemplate this today of all days
the day that we commemorate the genocide
of the Jewish people and swear here
never again the international court of
justice made it clear that it won't
reject outright the case of a Nazi
Terror organization that seeks to commit
genocide against the Jewish people unra
established in 1949 following the first
Arab Israeli War has provided Aid and
used its facilities to shelter people
fleeing bombardment and a ground
offensive launched by Israel in Gaza
following the October 7th attack acts in
which Israel says 1200 people were
killed and 240 taken hostage some
Israeli officials including prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu have accused
the agency of fueling anti-israeli
incitement allegations it
denies