timeing you're boring you are actually
quite
boring you're actually
quite
racist I'd rather be a racist than a
Bo
be a
racist
racist
[Music]
racist
racing things before and we do not want
to hear racism off our campus Li l in
February you went to the media and he
said that Israel the should finish what
they started in
we're talking about a genocide shame on
all of you in this room who have came to
give a platform to this man shame on all
of you shame on you for freom and your
duty of care shame on you for everything
you've ever said staff students and
alumni have raised concern about this
event and its relevance in an
institution which is supposedly
interested in serious academic
discussion ha speech is not academic
freedom racism is not academic freedom
Cambridge is really Society disinvited
Morris on the grinds that he is quote
racist Kershaw you have failed your
students and the LSC Community hate
speech off campus and racism off campus
person you have invited has openly
espoused ethnic lensing and genocide
this is not I will let you know what he
has said you want to hear you want to
hear that Mor Professor Morris has
declared in a quote there are
circumstances in history that justify
ethnic
cleansing of Palestinian Society
Professor moris has said and I quote
something like a cage has to be built
for them there is a wild animal there
that has to be locked up in one way or
another if David was already engaged in
expulsion maybe he should have done a
complete job if f g had carried out a
large expulsion and cleansed the whole
country he would have stabilized Israel
for Generations Echo is what is being
investigated by the icj as the same
language being used to justify the
ongoing genocide of Palestinians this
position comes from a profound
dehumanization of Palestinians this
discourse reflects the white SU this
great replacement theory that has unted
so much terrorism and so much violence
for our University to host someone like
Morris who claims that the proce fire
protests which many in the LC Community
have attended for
[Applause]
proas the Discrimination harassment
and you are in violation you are
endangering your
Palestinian the room by legitimizing
this St normalizing this this is not
right a off our
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
campuses
of
of
[Music]
of so such a
fun