a New York Times piece has sparked
outrage after highlighting the killing
of nine Israeli soldiers as an indicator
of the cost of Israel's Gaza offensive
that has killed at least 23, 357
Palestinians since October 7 social
media users have accused the publication
of being hypocritical and
[Music]
biased
however this isn't the first time
Western media coverage of Israel's
brutal war on palestine's Gaza
demonstrates bias a recent analysis by
The Intercept revealed that coverage of
Israel's military offensive in Gaza in
three Us Media Outlets including the New
York Times was heavily lopsided and
consistently biased against Palestinians
especially in the first 6 weeks of the
assault terms such as Slaughter Massacre
and horrific were almost exclusive used
for Israeli deaths and not for
Palestinians the analysis also revealed
that despite the thousands of
Palestinians killed the Publications
coverage of fatalities was
disproportionate and significantly
favored deaths incurred by Israel for
each Israeli fatality the Publications
made eight references to Israelis on
average compared to one mention of
Palestinians for every two Palestinians
killed a coverage by 16 times greater
per Israeli death compared to
Palestinian deaths the scale and
brutality of Israel's Onslaught on Gaza
which has been one of the deadliest Wars
for children and journalists in modern
history was merely mentioned in the
headlines at least 113 journalists and
nearly 10,000 children have been killed
in Gaza by Israeli forces despite these
unprecedented figures only two headlines
out of over 1,100 related news articles
included the word children while the
word journalists or reporters and
photojournalists only appeared in nine
headlines and midw war and conflict the
media plays a significant role in
shaping public opinion but if the
coverage is biased are these
organizations complicit in promoting a
distorted understanding of the conflict
to their audiences