Israel Qatar and Bahrain are among the
countries that us defense secretary
Lloyd Austin is expected to visit in the
coming days the announcement came as
more reports of Destruction and human
despair in Gaza emerged Sunday in that
context several us legislators urge
Israel to protect civilians as it
pursues its war against Hamas 68,000
children have been killed 85% of the
people in Gaz
have had to leave their homes they're
living in shelters disease is going up
when it comes to the humanitarian uh
crisis um we still have a near total
Siege now as of today there may be some
progress uh Israel finally opening the
Kem Shalom Crossing which is a very
important Crossing uh it shouldn't take
this long Republican senator Lindy
Graham interviewed on NBC also expressed
hope for Israel to limit civilian deaths
and encouraged it to think about the
future Saudi Arabia and other Arab
countries cannot normalize with Israel
if they seen if they're having been seen
as throwing the Palestinians under the
bus Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu is also facing growing
criticism domestically over the hostage
crisis which began on October 7 when
Hamas carried out a deadly terrorist
attack and kidnapped more than 240
Israelis and foreigners
last week three of the captives were
mistakenly killed by the Israel Defense
Forces and a funeral for one of them was
held Sunday relatives of other hostages
began camping near Israel's Ministry of
defense and demanding negotiations to
secure their release we want to get them
alive so this is why we're here every
day until we heard from the government
that they are sitting talking Hamas has
said it won't release more hostages
until the Israeli offensive stops but
Qatar who's been working as a mediator
country in the conflict isn't giving up
on diplomatic efforts to renew a
humanitarian pause Veronica Val cesas
vaa News
Washington