well our correspondent Jodi Kohan is
also joining us live now from Israel for
the very latest on the ground and uh uh
Jodi what's happening at the moment
there's a Unity government that's been
formed a war cabinet what are the
decisions coming out of
there hi baravi so today we've seen
sirens and Rockets fired from Hamas in
Gaza into Central and Southern Israel
four people have been wounded too
seriously in the town of St rot and the
afternoon we've seen Rockets fired also
aimed at Jerusalem now the IDF is
carrying out more strikes in Gaza and
said that they're crippling hamas's
ability to function and president Herzog
has said that the grieving Israel is
prepared for a long military campaign
against Hamas now prime minister
Netanyahu has said he's compared Hamas
to Isis and said that Israel will
destroy Hamas as you said they're
forming a Unity government and there's
going to be a small security cabinet
Main up of prime minister Netanyahu
defense minister gallant and former
Defense Minister Benny Gans who was in
the opposition until today that's being
voted on in the parliament today and
they said that they're going to be
working together focused on tackling and
targeting Hamas now meanwhile NATO
ministers have been shown uncensored
video of hamas's atrocities in the
southern communities and president
Herzog has confirmed that unlike Hamas
he said Israel abides by international
law and has a right to defend itself and
we saw Secretary of State Anthony
blinken Landing in Israel earlier and
saying that Israel doesn't just have a
right to defend itself but it has an
obligation right uh Jody thanks very
much indeed for joining us for the very
latest what's happening in Israel what's
the thinking behind uh this Unity
government as well and of course US
Secretary of State Anthony blink's visit
as
[Music]
well