now ahead of a potential ground
offensive against Hamas Israel is now
reportedly considering flooding the
underground tunnels of the militant
group this has been stated by the US
senior in in investigative journalist
seore Hesh Hesh has written in his blog
and I'm quoting Israel is now in the
process of turning Gaza City into Rubble
via constant bombing and is also
planning to begin a crowned invasion in
the near
future such an eventuality hsh said
would indicate that Israel is
disregarding the safety of the hostages
who might be reportedly held captive in
these tunnels H also accused Israel of
wanting to make Gaza City another
Hiroshima but without the use of nuclear
weapons he added that Israeli forces can
use American guided guided bombs that
can Pierce up to a depth of 30 to 50 m
to wipe out the underground weapon
facilities of
Hamas and earlier the Israel Defense
Forces or the IDF had said that besides
bombarding the Gaza Strip they had also
targeted parts of the Hamas tunnel
Network very little is known about these
tunnels that have been a mystery to the
outside world Israel has often raised
concerns about the Hamas tunnel Network
under Gaza the militant group in fact
uses the network perpet to smuggle
weapons Fighters and
artillery originally these tunnels were
used to smuggle goods between Gaza and
Egypt and then Gaza and Israel
but over time due to increased Israeli
monitoring Hamas began to invest heavily
on extending the tunnel Network it was
not until 2014 military operation in
Gaza that the Israeli Army discovered
the true purpose of these
tunnels we are now available in your
country download the app now get all the
updates on the move