we welcome the announcement just a
little bit ago I think in the last hour
or so by cutter that the humanitarian PA
in Gaza now in its fourth day will be
extended for another two days through
Thursday morning is real time the
humanitarian pause has already brought a
halt to the fighting together with a
surge of humanitarian assistance now in
order to extend the pause Hamas has
committed to releasing another 20 women
and children over the next two days we
would of course hope to see the pause
extended further and that will depend
upon M continuing to release hostages
the president has been deeply engaged on
this process throughout the Thanksgiving
weekend he spoke with the Amir of cutter
at a very critical moment to help
resolve an impass on the second day of
the pause and then yesterday he spoke
with prime minister Netanyahu with a
focus on working towards an extension of
the pause the extension that Frank quite
frankly we're seeing today uh his team
then worked on that overnight and
through the morning he was brief this
morning by the National Security adviser
Jake Sullivan on the ongoing talks to
extend the pause
uh he and his entire National Security
team will obviously stay engaged on this
over the coming days as we work to
implement this extension of the original
agreement as well as efforts to extend
the pause even from there uh just a
quick update on the figures as of uh
this the morning of November 26 200
trucks were dispatched to the Rafa
Crossing and 137 trucks of supplies were
offloaded by the United Nations
reception point in Gaza making it the
biggest humanitarian Convoy received
since the 7th of October this brings the
total number of trucks uh of Aid and
assistance including fuel to over 2,000
since the 21st of October uh our team
has prioritized getting this much-needed
relief into Gaza to alleviate alleviate
the suffering of Palestinian civilians
there of course most of them have
nothing to do with Hamas uh and to date
we have assisted over 840 Americans and
their families who have departed and
sought the support of our team on the
ground in Egypt and with
that
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]