I answer them as best as I could in
Israel on Wednesday David Cameron called
for Gaza to be flooded with aid while
German foreign minister analina bebok
used her visit to demand Aid agency's
access to the Gaza Strip calling the
humanitarian situation hell this Echoes
weeks of calls by the International
Community to prioritize a ceasefire to
provide relief to the blockaded exclave
where more than half of the population
have been displaced by months of bombing
and a Grizzly ground war also facing
severe hunger but the Israeli Prime
Minister dismissed the calls prime
minister Netanyahu also briefed them on
the scope of the humanitarian assistance
and the continued fighting in Gaza and
rejected the claims of international
organizations regarding famine in Gaza
and said that Israel was going above and
beyond in the humanitarian
sphere this is 70% of the northern Gaza
Strip experiences catastrophic hunger
and as Israel calls on donor states to
withdraw funding from the UN Agency for
Palestinian refugees today an Insidious
campaign to end un's operation is on the
way with serious implication for
International Peace and security Israel
Brands the relief and works agency
synonymous with Hamas and accuses 12 of
its 13,000 operatives of participating
in the October 7th
attack Israel cannot and will not allow
anra to to continue in Gaza as it did in
the past 41% of un requests to get Aid
through Israeli checkpoints were denied
last week and un actors say permission
is often granted too late in the day for
convoys to deliver Aid and leave the
strip during daylight hours footage
released by the IDF on Wednesday claims
to show world food program supplies
being prepared for delivery into
Northern Gaza after the Israeli
government opened the ashod port to Aid
shipments