and here in Toronto some students are
holding walkouts and demonstrations at
several schools today it's in response
to the ongoing Israel Hamas conflict
ctv's Jenice Golding reports live with
the latest there
Janice hi Michelle students here have
been marching outside sir will for laor
colia they walked out of class today to
protest and send a message they say
about
Gaza we won't stop until they're free
scores of students walked out of class
today saying they were protesting the
tsb's quote Act of silencing and
exclusion of Palestinian support there
are innocent Israelis that have been
killed but it's important for the TDSB
and as well as for the government of
Canada to recognize that there are
innocent Palestinians that have been
killed in a public statement the
teenagers who gathered outside sir
Wilfred Lauer Collegiate and Scaro say
their peaceful protest was a design to
send a message to the TDSB and all
levels of government thousands of kids
are dying over there every day we get
the chance to we're over here we get the
chance to actually um show that those
kids needs rights too TDSB um is like
connected with the government and Justin
chudo and we want we want to send him a
message that we don't stand with what
he's saying we want to raise awareness
for this situation the TDSB meanwhile
issued a statement saying the TDSB is
not involved in organizing these
walkouts nor are we in a position to
permit them or stop them from occurring
while we recognize that students want to
express themselves individually and
collectively it is critical that they do
so in constructive respectful and
responsible
ways Jewish groups meanwhile have also
expressed fear and concern over how the
Israel Hamas War may be affecting
students with anti-semitic profiti found
at a school earlier this
week now the Toronto public board says
it also recognizes that some students
who did not participate in the walk out
today might also be impacted by the
situation overseas and says it has
additional supports available if needed
reporting live I'm Janice Golding now
back to Michelle