[Music]
preparing for prayer abed al rahman al
de Hadi has lived in Jabalia for more
than half a century his original home
was in the village of Barga where he was
born 82 years ago it's now called Ganga
veena in Israel I miss my homeland my
land where my family used to form I miss
the fig trees the grapes and the wheat
we grew this is what I miss the most
there wasn't anyone who doesn't miss his
land and his own
many refugees arrived in the Gaza Strip
in 1948 a second wave came to an area
known today as the Jabalia camp in 1967
that's the Israel fought against three
neighbouring Arab States in the six-day
war after a successful campaign its army
occupied Palestinian lands in the West
Bank East Jerusalem the Golan Heights
and Gaza Strip the Luxor is remembered
on June the 5th Maxo in Arabic means the
set back and refers to tens of thousands
of Palestinians escaping or becoming
refugees here in Gaza for a second time
and as our bed remembers some
Palestinians signed an Israeli army
document and received 25 lira at the
time it's equivalent to almost 6000
dollars in today's money and meant they
gave up the right to return to their
properties she live India long live
India if you go to Jordan and not return
the Israelis told me you take twenty
five liras in sign I refused but my
brothers signed and he's still living
their
life here today is also difficult almost
half the population is jobless this
power cuts and less money for food and
medicines a former Health Minister for
Hamas agrees the social situation in the
Gaza Strip is dire but doesn't believe
it's worse since demonstrations held
against Israel began at the end of March
I don't think that the the great mass of
attend made it worse it is allowed cry
of those 2 million people to show that
we are living here in a misery
but the situation is catastrophic before
and after a bird has 44 grandchildren
he'd like to see less frustration and
violence in their lives and believes a
peace agreement is the only way to
achieve that euro up there with TRT
world Jabalia in Gaza
[Music]