news coming in right now Hamas killer
drones caught on camera Hamas launches
drones from Gaza killer drones being
prepared by Hamas Hamas says stop attack
will release hostages over 200 hostages
still in Hamas
captivity so that's the latest that's
coming in from the war zone Hamas killer
drones have been caught on camera you
can see those Hamas launches drones from
Gaza killer drones that are being
prepared by Hamas Hamas says stop attack
will release hostages over 200 hostages
remember are still in hamas's captivity
inside the Gaza
Strip so those are images of those
killer
drones that Hamas has in its possession
my colleague gorov Savant is joining me
with the phone line gorov Hamas has
released footage of drones that it has
in its possession clearly Hamas is
getting a lot of outside support and is
trying to basically project that it has
to wherewith all to take on any Israeli
attack follow me this is the real threat
that Israeli forces face on ground
disruptive technology kamikazi drones or
suicide drones fired by and also uh you
know this this is meant as psychological
warfare the fact that Hamas has released
these images is to send out that message
of fear as far as Israeli tanks and
armored personal carriers are concerned
um you know from inside that tunnels
Hamas terrorists and armed wing of Hamas
so the the Drone operator is also
wearing a uniform a Hamas uniform uh it
shows that from inside a tunnel the
terrorist is able to fire a drone a
kamikazi drone a suicide drone that can
destroy a tank it can drop grenades on
soldiers on ground and you recall
disruptive technology had been a
GameChanger in the battle between
Armenia and azaran azaran had access to
a lot of drones provided by turkey and
they were able to destroy a very large
number of Armenian tanks on ground
because even uh uh under trees or in any
foliage there was no protection for uh
the uh Armenian tank similarly Israeli
tanks would be out in the open against
these kamikazi drones that the Hamas
terrorists have so Israel will have to
recalibrate it enre their entire
strategy in dealing with Hamas Terror at
that very narrow Gaza Strip on ground
Follow Me Right gorov St on with us