n beruti is the longest serving
Palestinian political prisoner in the
history of the
occupation first arrested in 1978 he has
spent 44 years in Israeli jails he was
released in 2011 before being rearrested
barely having spent 3 years in the home
he built with his
wife prison conditions are getting worse
not allowing him to see his family or
legal team a violation of his rights
issues his wife raised with the
international criminal court Chief
prosecutor kareim Khan during his visit
to ramala earlier this week but she said
he was patently biased he should look at
us with the other eye with two eyes not
just to look to the other the side of
Israel with two eyes we he has to use
his eyes and his mind to keep it on us
at least for these days which happening
in Gaza Mr Khan how do you resp
Palestinians who met with Khan ask not
to be identified told Al jazer the chief
prosecutor was trying to create a false
balance he lectured became defensive and
seemed to lack basic knowledge about the
ground realities of the occupation and
the ongoing horrors of the war in
Gaza some angered by his time
constraints stormed out one calling Khan
a hypocrite and coward for not
condemning Israeli crimes an official
from the foreign Ministry who was there
said it was a disappointing first
impression his statement when he left
Palestine as if he is trying to do a
balance between the occup and the
occupied people both sism is not
acceptable especially from a body that's
responsible for international Justice
especially criminal justice that he
should be following as he said so many
times the
evidence and and if you are following
the evidence it's very clear who is
perpetrating crimes in Palestine in a
state following the talks Khan said he
could understand the pain and loss
suffered by Palestinians he said he
would investigate settler violence and
rights
abuses but Iman says engagement with the
IC is still important to secure Justice
for Palestinian people I am myself
asking him to come to Palestine again
and to see my people and to see
everywhere stop the war now she says 75
years of suffering is enough Justice for
her seeing her husband eat from a tree
he planted but never saw be
fruit Zay basravi Al jazer rala in the
occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer