now there are dead bodies everywhere
we're literally carrying the bodies like
on the trunk since Saturday's surprise
attack by Hamas on Israel disturbing
photos and videos have been filling
screens around the world with posts
being shared Around the Clock hi
everybody this is Noah again with
updates about what's been going on in
Israel material that while difficult to
see often comes with a call don't look
away just like the Vietnam War War
brought the horrors of War right into
the living rooms of North America we are
seeing the same thing play out with
social media with conflict in Ukraine
and now in the Middle East on the social
media platform formerly known as Twitter
#israel Palestine war is trending but
the content it brings up can be both
useful and hurtful it's a tragic
illustration of The Duality of
Technology it can be used to inform to
connect to save lives but can also be
used to spread misinformation more Bader
recounts the murder of her grandmother
by Hamas terrorists which she says was
filmed and posted to her Facebook
account Hamas at terrorist groups and in
some respects some countries use the
information space sometimes unlawfully
to to either promote their narrative but
also undermine the morale and conviction
of their enemies Hamas has threatened to
broadcast the executions of hostages and
retaliation for air strikes by Israeli
forces without warning a good friend of
mine her son was missing at the Rave she
got a video from the terrorist murdering
her kid and his girlfriend he took the
video in his in her son's phone and sent
it to her living through War but also
watching it unfold on screen can take an
immeasurable toll on our sleep patterns
on our mood on our concentration level
challenging events uh can overwhelm
people of all ages Jewish Day schools in
the GTA emailed families Tuesday
indicating they received information
from the Israel Ministry of Education
warning of social media posts that would
be extremely disturbing to children and
asking that they not view the content
Karen liberman Global
News