[Music]
Raley's security forces are tearing down
the arab-israeli village of Omaha Don hi
Don that's where fighting earlier in the
day killed a police officer and an
arab-israeli man Yuliya Yolo op David is
in occupied East Jerusalem with more on
the latest uptick in tensions between
Israel and Palestine
these clashes in the Bedouin settlement
near the town of the Sheva on the
outskirts of the Negev desert in
southern Israel happened after police
were trying to move into clear on it
which has been claimed I'm gone through
the Israeli court system that around 700
residents of the semi-nomadic Bedouins
had to be moved from buildings which the
Israelis claim are illegal so this is a
long-standing problem and there has been
a long legal dispute about this but in
terms of the shooting this morning the
Israelis say that an Arab Palestinian
was driving his car trying to ram them
as they were doing their clearing of
that area and Jakob Musa a teacher was
shot
claimed by the Israelis while he was
driving towards them local Palestinians
are saying that that's not what happened
and the police was shooting at him
before anything happened now during
these clashes a police officer has also
been shot dead he is 34 year old Erez
levy and probably even more significant
an Israeli Arab who's a member of the
Knesset of the Israeli Parliament I'm on
order he was injured by a rubber bullet
or potentially a rock thrown by the
protesters but it's believed and he was
interviewed on on Israeli army radio
that he was shot by a rubber bullet he
received treatment in hospital and this
is part of an ongoing dispute in this
part of southern Israel it also adds to
what's been happening since October 2015
235 Palestinians have been killed in
these recent clashes over the last 14
months and 37 Israelis and this is
another incident which will destabilize
of course a long-standing problem
between the other people in this area
and Israelis
[Music]