I'm here at one of the two biggest
hospitals in southern Israel large
number of wounded have been brought in
here if you see behind me you'll see a
line of ambulances here and the doctors
and paramedics are working over time uh
to manage the situation we have with us
abish who will tell us what the
situation is yet abish you are saying
there are two hospitals in this uh
region and U they they have been like
overwhelmed you're saying yeah the um
two major hospitals in southern Israel
ashalon barila in ashalon and Soka in
Beva uh received over as been reported
over 2,000 wounded since it started um
since they couldn't handle the scope of
the wounded and the severe injured of
most of them um hundreds of them have
been forced to evacuate and shifted to
uh Central hospitals in Tel Aviv in
Jerusalem and even Northern Israel so we
are handling with a lot of wounds that
Israel has never experienced before and
it's very problematic for the hospitals
in the region and and I see the doctors
and paramedics are continuously working
uh here and it looks like there was a
situation for which Israel was not
prepared at all in spite of a long
history of conflict exactly not only
were we not prepared for that they
caught it by surprise um the hospitals
themselves were not prepared and they
are looking for our volunteers so hone
who is in the region right now and is uh
uh can allow himself to come and
volunteer um please do so thank you so
much and you're welcome uh I'll show you
the situation here which is uh uh quite
uh difficult media is also here we have
been talking to several people if you uh
look at this here uh you would see the
volunteers who who are because the
situation is such such a difficult one
you will see the volunteers who have put
up stalls here for uh water food
everything anyone could need here be it
uh the paramedics or the journalist so
they they come here they help out and
this has been the the situation since
last uh uh few days since the uh the
attack started so uh all the volunteers
who can are coming here and that is
something which uh which uh Israel can
be proud of in Asal Kad Sharma for NTV