FY Rebels on Sunday claimed to have
seized an Israeli cargo ship in the
southern Red Sea however tviv denied
ownership of the vessel and said that
there were no Israelis among its
crew
renewing the threat to Target All Ships
belonging to or dealing with Tel Aviv
the rebel group's spokesperson called on
all countries whose citizens work in the
Red Sea to stop any activity with
Israeli ships or ships rented by is
Israelis now hours earlier Israeli
Defense Forces stated that houes took
control of the cargo ship near Yemen in
the southern Red Sea adding The Vessel
was heading from Tura to India the
Israeli Defense Forces warned that the
hijacking was a very grave incident with
global
consequences as per media reports the
detained cargo ship is registered to a
British company with partial ownership
linked to an Israeli entrepreneur the
Israeli Prime Minister's office claimed
that the ship was seized by the Iram
back hoti Rebels at the request of tan
Iran is yet to respond to the
accusations Tokyo said it was seeking
the early release of crew members
Japan's Chief cabinet secretary told a
regular news conference there were no
Japanese Nationals on board the nepen
operated ship the Galaxy
leader Israeli officials insisted the
ship was British owned and Japanese
operated however ownership details and
public shipping databas Associated the
ship's owners with the ray car carriers
founded by Abraham Ramy unar who is
known as one of the richest people in
Israel unar told news agency Associated
Press he was aware of the incident but
could not comment as he awaited
details a ship linked to him experienced
an explosion in 2021 in the Gulf of Oman
Israeli media blamed it on Iran at the
time Hamas meanwhile thanked the ameni
rebels
Israeli military has deployed additional
ships in the Red Sea to deal with
threats from the hooti Rebels the hotis
have claimed repeated missile and drone
attacks at Israel ever since the start
of the Israel Hamas War the ameni rebels
are considered one of the many possible
new war fronts that could erupt during
the crisis the houti militia has
controlled much of Yemen's North
including the Strategic Red Sea port
city of hadeda since the Civil War
erupted in late
[Music]
2014