[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
to that end the crew of the guided
missile destroyer USS Carney operating
in the northern Red Sea earlier today
shot down three land attack cruise
missiles and several drones that were
launched by houthi forces in Yemen this
action was a demonstration of the
integrated air and missile defense
architecture that we have built in the
Middle East and that we are prepared to
utilize whenever necessary to protect
our partners and our interests in this
important region there were no
casualties to US forces and none that we
know of to any civilians on the
[Music]
[Music]
ground
[Music]
[Music]
n
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
am
[Music]
[Music]
Dem
[Music]
[Music]
spe
[Applause]
for
[Music]
for
[Music]
[Music]
be
UR
[Music]
he
[Music]
[Music]
American leadership is what holds the
world together American Alliance is what
keep us America safe American values are
what make us a partner that other
nations want to work with to put all
that at risk if we walk away from
Ukraine if we turn our backs on Israel
it's just not worth
it time is over the essence I know we
have our divisions at home we have to
get past them we can't let Petty partis
and angry politics get in the way of our
responsibilities the Great ation we
cannot and will not let terrorists like
Hamas and tyrants like Putin win I
refuse to let that
[Music]
happen that's why tomorrow I'm going to
send to Congress an urgent budget
request to fund America's national
security needs to support our critical
Partners including Israel and
Ukraine is a smart investment that's
going to pay dividends for American
Security for
Generations help us keep American troops
out of Harm's Way help us build a world
that is safer more peaceful and more
prosperous for our children and
grandchildren in Israel we must make
sure that they have what they need to
protect their people today and
[Music]
always
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
oh