Global Affairs says 84 Canadians were
able to get out of Gaza today through
the Rafa Crossing it comes as people
here at home cling to hope the war will
come to an end soon and as ctv's Tony
Grace reports there's a special appeal
for peace to protect the children caught
in the
conflict years old dozens of gifts for
children missing since October 7th and a
hope they'll be home for the holidays
among them Shira bruch's nephews and
niece fighting every day to be heard to
raise awareness to make sure that they
are the priority for everyone to bring
them home outside Toronto's UNICEF
offices it's also a push to the UN
agency we know nothing if they're well
if they're taken care of there's nothing
uh and UNICEF can hopefully help with
that hope is something many here say
they've been clinging to for more than 6
weeks now but relief is something that
still feels Out Of Reach it's not going
to feel complete until they're home even
even with news that a hostage release
deal may be imminent that's where we
feel very desperate about that nobody
talks to us that that the government
doesn't talk to the families across town
Young Voices are talking I heard about
your beautiful heart about the children
killed in the war I wish we could have
done more to help you and all the
children in Gaza the call here is for
nothing short of a ceasefire we need an
end to the war to the killing of any
human being different messages but
children caught in the conflict in Focus
not just Israeli children this is the
terrible Paradox of all this they're not
helping the Palestinian Arab children
either and I equally worry about their
future a future with the kind of Safety
and Security so many families
say 8 years old is the only gift that
matters Tony Grace CTV News Toronto