a prime minister showing the Jewish
community and the country who he's
standing with I'm very pleased to uh
welcome the Prime Minister visiting a
Jewish school in North London a show of
solidarity to a group who feel Under
Siege I want you to know and that's why
I'm here that we will do everything we
can to keep you safe and stand for
this are you worried this conflict is
driving division here in the UK what can
you do about it well I've come to this
Jewish school this morning specifically
to demonstrate my solidarity with the
Jewish Community here in the UK I'm
determined to ensure that our Jewish
Community is able to feel safe on our
streets the scale of this massacre has
shocked the world and United
Westminster a minute of Silence in the
Commons chamber to honor the dead on
both sides six Britain have been killed
in this war 10 still missing the elderly
men women children Babes in Arms
murdered
mutilated burned
alive we should call it by its name it
was a
pogm the labor leadership in lock step
with the government Westminster is
United Britain is united with Israel
Against Terror for international law and
the protection of innocent
lives there are difficult days ahead but
our values cannot be compromised Terror
cannot win there are senior figures
concerned at the retaliation to come we
can support Israel and grieve with their
people whilst recognizing that how a
counterterrorism operation is conducted
matters and it matters because whilst
there is an imperative to defeat Hamas
in the immediate to secure Israel's
future how they are defeated will shape
the Region's future the fiercest
criticism of Israel coming from the left
of the labor party will the Prime
Minister make it clear to the Israeli
government that indiscriminate air
strikes killing civilians is in clear
violation of international law language
like that has been rare in Westminster
in recent days a relative Unity across
the benches can it hold as this war
moves into its next phase San coat Sky
News Westminster