breaking news from the city of K yunus
in Gaza where Israeli troops have
entered a hospital which they say has
been used by Hamas terrorists to hold a
hostages it comes ahead of a possible
ground offensive in the nearby city of
Rafa despite calls for restraint by many
of Israel's allies Holly Williams has
more on this part of the
story Israel claims Hamas militants are
likely hiding behind injured civilians
inside NASA hospital before the raid by
Israeli special forces they ordered an
evacuation though patients and medical
staff were allowed to stay thousands of
people had reportedly been Sheltering
inside the hospital complex around a
million and a half Palestinians are
Sheltering in Raa last night prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu vowed to
press ahead with an assault in the city
after allowing civilians to leave the
Battle Zone that's despite us warnings
against an offensive without a credible
plan to protect civilians Muhammad and
Alia Elbas Yuni stayed in Gaza City
during 4 months of bombardment despite
an Israeli order to evacuate they stayed
put they told us because they were too
elderly to leave on foot like thousands
of others their son Lo is a US citizen
who lives in Los Angeles and helped
design a robotic helicopter for NASA
used on Mars my dad had heart condition
you know there was nobody to help him
he's like he couldn't breathe you know
my mom thought he was dying with help
from Turkish authorities he was able to
finally get them out of Gaza last week
though on the first attempt they say
their Convoy of ambulances came under
Fire were there many times when your mom
and dad thought they wouldn't
survive every
minute yesterday rocket fire from
Lebanon killed Israeli soldier and
Israel responded with air strikes that
Lebanese officials say killed 10 that's
the deadliest day in months of tit
fortat fire that have sparked fears of
this war expanding Gail Holly Williams
thank you very much