at least nine people have been killed in
Israeli air strikes in southern Lebanon
the Israeli military targeted nakura and
TFA near the border with Israel on
Wednesday fighters from the Lebanese
armed group Hezbollah are amongst the
dead Israel has described the attacks as
retal Hezbollah and the Israeli military
have been launching crossborder attacks
nearly every day since the war on Gaza
began Let's cross over to Zena who joins
us now from uh Beirut good to have you
with us uh uh Zena I mean tensions On
the Border as we said between Israel and
Lebanon have been high for months now
but the events of the past 36 hours have
seen a very high death toll and injury
toll well yes it has been a deadly 36
hours up to 17 people killed on both
sides of the Border 16 in Lebanon and
one Israeli there were three separate
Israeli strikes uh two overnight and one
on Tuesday four Hezbollah Fighters were
killed uh up to 11 paramedics rescue
teams First Responders affiliated with
civil defense groups belonging to
Hezbollah and its Ally Amal and Jamal
Islam they were killed as well um so
really you see this conflict becoming
deadlier but it is still very much um
targeted and largely I say largely
confined uh to military targets a
civilian was also among the dead
yesterday so this tit fortat exchange of
fire this increased attacks is part of a
pattern of sporadic escalation that we
have been witnessing since October since
Hezbollah opened a front against Israeli
forces to help the Palestinians in Gaza
and the cycle of violence is unlikely to
end until there is um a ceasefire in
Gaza at least that is hezbollah's
position Hezbollah has said that will
not halt the fighting until the war on
Gaza ends now will that be enough for
Israel Israel is demanding a new
security Arrangement along the border
they want Hezbollah to move back from
the border but Hezbollah is refusing uh
to sit on the negotiating table until uh
the war on Gaza ends so this nature the
nature of this conflict keeps evolving
um 17 to 80% of the hostilities are
along the border area in the Border area
but uh they've moved deeper inside
Lebanon uh they've become more targeted
and more deadly Zena thanks very much
for the update we'll keep monitoring
what's going on there with you as the
day progresses thank you