don't know if the medicine has reached
the hostages uh all we know according to
an qari official is that the trucks uh
with uh boxes and boxes five trucks have
arrived in the Gaza Strip uh Israel has
been uh very quiet about the details of
this deal which of course was approved
by Israel's prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu but from Hamas we know that uh
for every box reportedly that will go to
a hostage of medicine 1,000 boxes will
go to gazin of course Gaza is short on
medicine uh we've been hearing you know
horrifying stories of operations that
are going on without anesthesia and
nothing to help relieve uh the thousands
and thousands of Gins who've been
injured in this war so the medicine will
be very welcome uh it will reportedly be
deposited uh that uh medicine at several
different hospitals in the Gaza Strip
and then from there it will be taken to
the hostages now you know when that will
happen and who will verify it uh that
remains unclear uh Perhaps it is cutter
but uh even the means of verifying that
remain very very hazy there are 132
hostages being held by Hamas but we know
that at least 27 of them are dead that
leaves uh more than a hundred there uh
some of them are suffering from diabetes
hypertension asthma uh some were taking
anti-anxiety
medications um you know they've been
living without these drugs and needed
medicines for more than 100 days it's
unclear you know if they will end up
really getting them in the end um but
overall this is uh a positive step
because it shows that the people around
the table
Hamas cter France Israel the United
States this could be the start of
another renewed push for a larger wider
hostage release deal and ceasefire uh
there's nothing uh officially on the
table that we know about but the talks
are ongoing