[Music]
an act of defiance
residents in the town of ISA Weah have
constructed the highest minaret in
Jerusalem at Arbaeen mosque
standing at 74 meters high it was
inspired by the contested Musa in both
currently making its way through the
Israeli Knesset
the
legislation is seeking to impose noise
limits on the Muslim call to prayer
mainly in occupied East Jerusalem
in al-madinah the minaret is a symbol of
islam to raise the call for prayer as an
is attached to one of his lamas five
pillars which is prayer based on that we
hold on to a religious rites in calling
for prayer five times a day at said time
and the Moslems are fulfilling a
religious role hello
wah-wah-wah-wah the tower took almost
two years and thirty thousand dollars to
construct victim is annihilated when the
idea of the minaret was an initiative by
the people of the village we had an old
minaret and wanted to renovate it it
started off as an idea and now thanks to
a collective effort it is complete
father figure on deserts means it will
manage the construction of the minaret
came at the same time as a vicious
attack on his hand on the people of
Assam I wanted to make this minaret
special I wanted to call for prayer to
be heard from everywhere I then love
with my gun while some Jewish residents
are pushing for the restrictions after
complaining that the priest sunrise
called to prayer wakes them up
Palestinians say the proposed bill is a
violation of religious freedom and an
attack on Muslims right to worship
aliha a majority cannot impose a racist
policy on minorities there are laws
against Palestinians and Arabs even in
religious matters like banning the call
to prayer they're interfering in my
religion and privacy this is not
democracy this discrimination they can't
impose it on Palestinians and judaize
Palestinian and Arab areas a year
without father the ball received
preliminary approval in Makdessi the
March but it still needs to pass two
more urines to become law enforcing the
bull won't be simple as muslims say they
will continue to support new mosques
like this one as an act of resistance
towards the bull under puter policy trt
world
[Music]
you