a measurement of the arms of children
and infants in Rafa reveals the large
and growing impact of hunger the numbers
noted by these doctors reveal about one
in 10 Gaza children under five are now
acutely
malnourished there are 325,000 children
under the age of five who are at risk of
acute malnutrition UNICEF expects that
in the coming days and weeks there will
be at least 10,000 children whose lives
are essentially at risk of the situation
does not change this danger also comes
as the health and drinking water systems
face a complete collapse in the Gaza
Strip contributing to the spread of
diseases this creates a deadly cycle
because we know that if children who are
malnourished contract diseases their
lives are more at
risk inside this makeshift tent Hana
tabash holds her 2-year-old daughter as
doctors assess her failing
Health she is 2 years and 7 months old
she weighs 7 kg but at age she should be
weighing 15 to 16 kg before the war she
had a healthy weight around 11 kg she
was improving as before the War I used
to give her vitamins but with the war
her weight has dropped her health is
really bad because of the
war Relentless Israeli attacks have cut
off food and aid supplies and Aid
workers are reporting visible signs of
starvation and it's not just in Rafa
children across the entirety of the
small Coastal Enclave are in desperate
need the situation in Gaza is is
catastrophic and and children are paying
the heaviest price let's just think of
of the numbers like 80% of global fam is
now in Gaza nearly all children in Gaza
are an imminent risk of of famine cold
weather and a lack of adequate
sanitation are increasing the spread of
diseases among gaza's youngest while
more than a million people seek shelter
in Rafa Aid workers say the hunger
crisis may be far worse in northern
areas that are harder to reach Craig
Boswell trt
world