well several officials in Israel's
finance ministry said that Israel will
need to issue a record number of bonds
this year to finance its ongoing war in
Gaza however Israel's bond issue plan
got more complicated after the country's
credit rating was downgraded for the
first time ever credit rating helps
investors make a decision on the risk of
investing in certain assets Moody's
investor service cut Israel's Government
Bond rating by one level that will
increase the country's cost of borrowing
and in turn the debt load still Israel's
rating is within the highest level or
the investment grade level however the
move underscores the economic toll that
the Gaza war is taking on the nation
well announcing the downgrade Moody said
and I'm quoting here Israel's dead
burden will be materially higher than
predicted before the conflict unquote
well as the financial costs grow Israel
is on track to run one of its widest
budget deficits this Century the
government envisions raising more debt
in 2024 than in any other year barring
2020 when covid-19 lockdowns forced it
to borrow and spend heavily total debt
issuance will be around 210 billion
shekels which is around $58 billion an
increase of nearly a third from last
year government revenue has also dropped
sharply since the War Began officials
expect the economic train to ease if the
military scales back and more reservists
are allowed to return to their jobs
there's also mounting International
pressure on Israel including from the
United States to end its military
operations in Gaza however the Israeli
military has warned that it may take
until next year to achieve its
objectives meanwhile Bank of Israel
Governor has expressed confidence in
Israel's economy assuring that it would
rebound from the the war's effects
however he urged the government to take
decisive action in resolving the
economic concerns highlighted by mood's
downgrade to revive the market and
ratings agency confidence in
[Music]
[Music]
Israel oh