[Music]
after days of a diplomatic deadlock the
first trucks of Aid have made it through
carrying medical supplies badly needed
to treat the wounded in Gazza but as the
onslaught of Israeli air strikes
continues this trickle of relief is
hardly enough we at the headquarters of
the Egyptian red president who sent
through the first eight trucks we saw go
into bua but we've been told that that's
only 10% of the 200 trucks that this
organization Al has sent to the border
with such a small portion of Aid getting
through they've had to prioritize what
they send how many trucks would you send
if you could right now to fill the
deficit that exists more than 2,000
trucks more than this is for the
beginning but I think that the the we we
need to continue because this
humanitarian impact it will not be
treated in just a few days at the Border
Gates Dr ramy's volunteers have to
follow a mechanism of transfer to the
Palestinian red Cresent designed to
offset Israel's security concerns and
the threat of air strikes we are uh
worried about our volunteer and also we
put the logo the emblem we are calling
everyone we are protected and we are not
a Target humanitarian should not be a
Target as emergency aid efforts continue
so too does crisis diplomacy world
leaders gathered at cairo's peace Summit
joined by the UK foreign secretary I
still believe
in the power of
diplomacy and I still believe that we
can work together to secure a future
where Israelis and Palestinians live in
peace the power of diplomacy seem to for
flat at the summit with Arab and Western
leaders unable to agree on a joint
statement and on the streets protests
have reflected this geopolitical divide
with the US and UK called out as licit
in the worsening of this
war the volunteers who protested at the
border are still here guarding the aid
that needs to survive a war that no one
can stop y Sky News Cairo