the booms of sound bombs echoed and the
smoke of tear gas formed clouds above El
Omari refugee camp on Saturday morning
Israeli soldiers stormed the camp to
demolish the Elohim aid home one of the
sons Aslam is in prison for allegedly
throwing a cinder block from a roof and
killing an Israeli soldier last May
despite being illegal according to
international law demolitions of
Palestinian homes are a common tactic
used by the Israeli military human
rights groups say it's an unjust form of
collective punishment the international
community the international community is
backing Israel they are not steadfast
with the Palestinian people the abu
hamed family has become a symbol of
resistance in the occupied territory six
sons are in prison accused of attacking
Israelis one is a co-founder of Fatah
smilla Terry wing and their mother
Latifah abu hamid is a well known
activist in 2011 she was sent to the UN
to make a presentation in the
Palestinian bid for statehood the
Palestinian Authority has condemned the
demolition and called for peaceful
protests the number of crimes that are
committed against Palestinians have
reached an unprecedented level because
of all of that the lack of potential for
any peaceful resolution and because of
the Israeli aggressions on the ground I
think the situation is moving towards a
popular uprising the demolition the
raids the administrative detention of
Hamas members and the increased military
presence at checkpoints and roads in the
West Bank these are all measures Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu vowed
to take in retaliation for the deaths of
a baby boy and two soldiers this week
there is a manhunt underway for the
suspect or suspects involved in the
killing of the soldiers meanwhile Abu
Hameed says the Israelis have demolished
her home not once not twice but now
three
she vows to rebuild the Palestinian
Authority says it will help her do just
that
Natasha ganene Al Jazeera Al Omari
refugee camp in the occupied West Bank