[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
any action this Council takes right now
should help not hinder these sensitive
and ongoing
negotiations and we believe that the
resolution on the table right now would
in fact negatively impact those
negotiations demanding an immediate un
conditional ceasefire without an
agreement requiring Hamas to release the
hostages will not bring about a durable
peace instead it could extend the
fighting between Hamas and Israel extend
the hostages time in captivity and
experience described by former hostages
as hell and extend the dire humanitarian
crisis Palestinians are facing in Gaza
none of us want that and so I reiterate
the United States belief that while
numerous parties engage in sensitive
negotiations this is not the time for
this resolution which jeopard
jeopardizes these
[Music]
[Music]
efforts
[Music]
there were a number of other issues with
that resolution it did call for
condemnation of of Hamas it did not
recognize Israel's right to self-defense
which is a right that Israel has and
there were other issues with that
particular resolution since that time we
still have not gotten condemnation of
Hamas despite the fact that I think uh
it is uh you know every council member
uh almost every council member will say
that in their their
statements
[Music]
The veto of this draft resolution is not
only regrettable after weeks of
consultation
with every single council member and
after endless Patience by the state of
Palestine the Arab states and nearly the
entire International Community that for
months have demanded a ceasefire it is
absolutely Reckless and dangerous
against sh again shielding Israel even
as it commits the most shocking
crimes
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
uh
[Music]
for
[Music]
actually we faced the the the checkpoint
the checkpoint actually IDF checkpoint
was away only 50 m from the hospital
gate main hospital gate at the midnight
and cold thousands of people were
gathering you know it's like Judgment
Day Real
Horror and uh uh not everybody actually
managed to pass this Shi point because
they were asking 5x five okay to come
and for shaking for shaking them the
checked me and other four uh they talk
my nurse he was evacuating with me but
they
[Music]
talk
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]