West Asia is still tense at the moment
Israel has vowed to push ahead with its
pled assault on gaza's rougher City
Israeli foreign minister has put out a
condition to suspend the offensive
during an interview to an Israeli media
Outlet Israel Cuts said if a deal secure
to release Israeli hostages held by
Hamas then a planned incursion into the
southern Gaza City of Rafa could be
suspended although it's important to
note that despite cats being a member of
the security cabinet is not a member of
the Nar Forum War cabinet which is
overseeing the Gaza offensive the
comments made by the Israeli foreign
minister come after the militant group
Hamas said it was reviewing the new
Israeli counterproposal for aist fing
Gaza City Hamas said it would give its
reply in due course according to a
senior Hamas official Israel's offer was
in response to a proposal from Hamas two
weeks ago the official did not provide
any other information on what was in
Israel's offer this development comes as
Egypt increase its efforts to secure a
deal between Israel and Hamas a
delegation from Egypt was in Israel
trying to jumpstart tall negotiations
Egypt's intelligence office director
abas carel led the delegation that
arrived in Israel on Friday Egypt is
expected to table a quote New Vision for
a prolonged truce in the war talks are
also being held in Saudi Arabia ahead of
a wild economic Forum Summit dignitaries
from Arab Nations gathered in Rath to
discuss the situation in GH
Saudi Arabia's foreign minister Prince
FAL bin faran Al Saud met with a number
of Representatives including Secretary
General of the executive committee of
the Palestine Liberation Organization
Hussein al- shake and Egypt's foreign
minister Sam
shukri in addition to that America's top
Diplomat Anthony blinken will also head
to Saudi Arabia before reaching Israel
this will be blink's fifth visit to
Saudi Arabia since last October
according to the US state department
blinkin will hold talks on Monday and
Tuesday with the regional Partners as he
makes efforts to achieve a ceasefire in
Gaza and prevent a larger regional
conflict for all the latest news
download the weon app And subscribe to
our YouTube channel