[Applause]
3 months into Israel's war on Gaza the
central part of the strip suffers one of
its deadliest nights so far dozens of
Palestinian civilians were killed on
Monday when a missile hit the magazi
refugee
camp and local authorities say the death
hole is likely to climb thousand more
were inured but with roads destroyed by
Israeli bombs ambulances struggle to
reach the site
we were sitting at home when it suddenly
fell to the ground my five brothers with
their sons and wives my cousins and
their families who previously fled from
banon have all passed away the alastra
family Block in Al magazi is all gone I
was screaming and shouting first I
thought they hit the building next to us
I looked outside and saw that our
building had fallen I still don't know
how we managed to survive we were in the
ground floor with my parents and my
mother-in-law but my daughter died she
was in the fourth floor visiting her
uncle in the southern city of Han Yunis
where many Gins took Refuge from the
bombardment in the north is now the
sight of fierce fighting on Monday at
least 30 Palestinians were killed and
dozens wounded when two houses in the
city were struck and the cost of war is
Mountain for Israel too two soldiers
were killed in Gaza on Sunday bringing
the total military death hole since
October 7 attacks to nearly
500 this is a difficult morning after a
very difficult day of fighting in Gaza
on behalf of all members of the
government and the entire people of
Israel I would like to send condolences
to the families of our heroic soldiers
who have fallen in the war over our home
let it be clear this will be a long War
we will fight until the end until the
hostages are returned Hamas is
eliminated and we restore Security in
both the North and the
South since a week long troce ended at
the beginning of the month and the
fighting and bombardment has only
intensified Palestinians say there's
truly no safe place in Gaza anymore
raesa chodar T world