there are only two people still alive
who remember firsthand what the 1921
Tulsa Race Massacre was like lawyers for
these lone survivors argued to the
Oklahoma Supreme Court this week over
the opportunities ripped away from them
the effects of the massacre still being
felt today cdv's Joy melin
explains they are the last survivors of
the Tulsa Oklahoma Massacre lesie
benningfield Randall and Viola Fletcher
both 109 years old they were just
children when they experienced the
terror in
1921 when an angry white mob killed
hundreds of black people burning homes
and businesses in Greenwood Oklahoma
known as the Black Wall Street one of
the worst acts of racial violence in
American history Viola remembers it well
people getting killed and houses prober
getting destroyed with fire and then
someone in the neighborhood saying to
leave neighborhood if not we're going to
kill all of the black people it just
stays with me you know it's just the
fear that lesie can still remember the
corpses stacked on the street telling a
congressional Committee in 2021 it was
like a
war white men with guns came and
destroyed my
community we couldn't understand why at
Tulsa judge dismissed their case for
compensation last August a stinging
defeat that made philanthropist Ed
mitson so angry he gifted each Survivor
a million dollars to help their legal
fight what happened to them is
irrefutable it's undeniable and it felt
to me like the the government out there
was trying to run the clock out on these
folks I can't give them justice but I
can give them generosity appealing all
the way to Oklahoma's Supreme Court were
lawyers for their survivors argued it's
time to finally write a wrong one
Justice even admitted when I went to
high school Greenwood was never
mentioned you're all to be commended for
making sure that that will never happen
again that it will be in the history
books but Oklahoma's High Court will
only decide if the case will even go to
trial the last two survivors using their
last days hoping to see Justice Joy
Melvin CTV News Washington