the coalition put together in extra mess
by Benjamin Netanyahu has made bold
headlines in Jerusalem and Tel Aviv but
it is fragile and already under pressure
visual build the Prime Minister struck a
deal with the far-right religious
Zionist Jewish home party led by naftoli
Bennett just as a midnight deadline was
about to expire this delivered him the
requisite 61 seats in the 120 seat
Knesset parliament to governing the two
leaders do not see eye-to-eye on the
seventeenth of March Netanyahu defied
predictions and emerged the victor in
Israel's legislative elections defeating
the Zionist union led by Isaac Herzog
the context for the next 40 days of
negotiations to produce a fully
right-wing coalition was already clear
in his campaigning a television
interviewer asked if your Prime Minister
there'll be no Palestinian state his
answer was an international initiative
will be presented to revert to the
nineteen sixty-seven borders to divide
Jerusalem we need to form a strong firm
national government headed by Likud in
order to push those pressures away
beyond beam aboard sir there is the
challenge hold together a government
with a one-member majority in parliament
at a critical time Israel's effort to
neutralize Iran its bedraggled ties with
number one ally the u.s. weigh heavily
this liquid jewish home formation
promises nothing for any peace process
with the palestinians who have wasted no
time voicing their deep discomfort over
the deal in Ramallah the spokesman of
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud
Abbas said thought of this is a rightist
government which believes in settlement
activity rejects the two-state solution
and still pushes through long-term
political paralysis this will rebound
regionally dangerous not only for the
Palestinian question but for the general
political atmosphere in the region
shekel hapoel monocular I'm a CSF
Almonte over
as if to confirm the peace process
paralysis the Israeli anti settlement
NGO peace now revealed that late on
Wednesday Israel approved construction
of nine hundred new settler homes in
occupied East Jerusalem in a
predominantly ultra-orthodox
neighborhood