and there are reports that dozens of
people have been killed after an
explosion at a refugee camp in Gaza
let's bring in our security and defense
editor Deborah Haynes for more on this
so Deborah the reports are coming from
the uh jabalia refugee camp and dozens
apparently injured what more can you
tell
us so Sky News has spoken to the
director of the Indonesian Hospital
inside Gaza who has said that there are
hundreds of people injured and also
killed at this jabalia uh refugee camp
as you said in the north of The Enclave
the Hamas um the Hamas controlled
interior Ministry has said has claimed
that it was an Israeli air strike um
we've also gone to the Israeli military
and the Israel Defense Forces say that
they are looking into the incident Sky
News cannot independently verify what
happened because it's not not possible
to report on the ground at the moment
inside Northern Gaza uh because of the
war the Israeli military had urged
civilians in the northern part which is
behind me in the darkness uh to move
South um as they started their ground
operation which is now in its fourth day
there have been a lot of air strikes uh
gun battles going on as the Israeli
military seek to in their in terms of
their goal destroy Hamas which operates
in buildings but also in a network of
tunnels under the ground an Israeli
Minister was speaking before news of
this explosion at the refugee camp um
and was saying how um Israel in its in
its War does all it can to minimize uh
the risk of harm to Palestinian
civilians yet Israel has come under
heavy criticism because of the mounting
death toll of civilians during its
operations which were launched you'll
remember in the wake of the October the
7th terrorist attack by Hamas here in
Israel