[Music]
[Music]
know
sh
for
for
it was only coming here I I expected the
worst incoming and I was surprised that
it was even worse than I'd imagined p
hospitals for children hospitals full
stop are War zones I see children with
with horrendous wounds of war in car
parks on makeshift mattresses uh in
gardens everywhere doctors having to
make horrendous decisions on you know
who they
prioritize
regarding what we will be working on uh
in the next 48 hours so of course Andrew
our main focus right now is and our hope
is to reach a sustainable truth that
would lead to further negotiations and
eventually to an end to uh to this
iteration of violence to to this war and
uh we have always said that we need the
push of the whole International
Community to make sure that that happen
however we are working with with what we
have and what we have right now is a
provision to the agreement that allows
us to extend days as long as Hamas is
able to uh guarantee the release of at
least 10 hostages uh from uh from this
from their side and uh therefore this is
what we have at the
moment regarding the the the estimate of
the number of hostages we have heard a
lot of estimates from other uh
sources including Hamas on one side
Israel on on the other side but we
cannot guarantee at the moment we cannot
validate any of these number what we can
validate or at least uh you know say
with a degree of certainty is that we
have an extra number of 20 hostages that
are ready to be released within this 48
hours I cannot testify to any other
number at this moment however the four
days were used to increase the number of
hostages that are identified by uh by
Hamas and therefore we reach this number
of of 20 we are hopeful that in the next
48 hours we'll be getting more
information from Hamas regarding the
rest of of the
hostages
oh