children in Gaza play among the runes
painting and games with their friends is
helping them cope with the trauma of
Israeli strikes
I am here to have some fun because of
the pressure they put on us Israel said
they wanted to bomb two houses but
instead they bombed an entire Square I
mean I came here to have some fun they
told us to come and have fun and I came
to entertain myself so that I could play
and be happy
Hamas officials say the latest round of
Israelite strikes which began on May 9
destroyed 100 apartments and damaged 2
000 buildings
houses can be revealed quickly but
trauma takes a long time to heal the UN
children's found says half of the young
people in Gaza around half a million
could need psychological support
bisan al-mansi is one of them her house
is in their Bala neighborhood where
Israeli strikes destroyed several homes
before their strikes almanzi would wake
up early and eager to go to school but
since the fighting ended she hasn't
returned
since the war I've become afraid to go
to the shop to go to school walk with my
friends play by myself stand at the door
or play a little upstairs I fear more
and even if people stay with me I fear
the war against us will happen again
because the war starts during the night
local psychiatrists say children like
almanzi living in Gaza experience common
symptoms such as lack of sleep anxiety
bedwetting and avoiding going Outdoors
some behavioral problems have appeared
among their children including intense
fear and panic during sleep and at night
hours and also in hearing any sound that
the children connect with the sound of
shelling this is an emotional connection
formed as a result of the events and
circumstances that they have been
through
the children of Gaza are unlikely to
find the peace they need to heal their
wounds
theater world