prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu wrote
on X he intends to act immediately in
accordance with the new law to close
what he called the terrorist Channel Al
jazer in Israel he said Al jazer acted
against Israeli security actively
participated in the October 7th Hamas
Massacre and incited violence against
Israeli soldiers Israel's parliament the
Kess had passed the law with a 71 to 10
vote I announced that the bill to
prevent foreign broadcasters from
harming the state an interim order
during the operation iron sworts until
2024 was accepted in the second and
third readings and will be entered into
the law book Al jazer condemned
netanyahu's incitement claim as a
dangerous ludicrous lie and the network
said it holds Netanyahu responsible for
the safety of its staff and offices the
network which has more than 430 million
viewers worldwide said it would continue
what it described as its bold and
professional coverage Israeli media
analysts say they believe the new law is
Justified people around the world don't
realize that Al jazer is State media of
Qatar and that it promotes a very
hostile agenda to Israel there have been
many incorrect reports throughout the
war and uh they wanted to prevent
further harm but Hoffman adds the band's
impact may be more symbolic for the
Netanyahu government which is facing
vehement protests from both outside and
inside Israel it has a 45 day limmit and
while it can be renewed it's only
supposed to be used during war and uh
Israelis hope that the war will end soon
I expect this to be something that will
be used once with great
Fanfare uh Al jazer will continue to
broadcast from here the US
Administration weighed in a move like
this is concerning we believe in the
freedom of the press it is critical it
is critically important and the United
States supports the critically important
work journalists around the world do and
so and that includes those who were
reporting in uh in the conflict in Gaza
the new law comes as Qatar is trying to
broker a deal for the release of dozens
of Israeli hostages in exchange for a
temporary ceasefire some analysts said
the new law could complicate those
efforts Linda gradstein vaa news
Jerusalem