Israel is facing intense pressure from
the International Community over the
severe humanitarian crisis unfolding in
the gaza's trip The Rising Dead toll in
the Palestinian Enclave has also
prompted criticism from its staunch
allies United States has clearly urged
Israel to avoid further harm and now top
UK officials have also signaled a shift
in their tone UK's newly appointed
foreign secretary David ceron faced his
first grilling in Parliament on Tuesday
during questioning he said that he is
worried that Israel's war on Gaza may
have included breaches of international
law he did not answer directly if he had
received legal advice that Israel might
have broken international law but said
some incidents had raised questions over
the
matter if you're asking me but if you're
asking am I worried that Israel have t
has taken action that might be in breach
of international law because this
particular premises has been bombed or
yes of course I'm worried about that and
that's why I consult the foreign office
lawyers when giving this advice on arms
exports so that's why I don't so you if
you put it that way I'm happy to say yes
of course every day I look at what's
happened Cameron also admitted that the
British government has accepted that
Israel as a duty to provide
basic supplies to the people of Gaza
however Cameron stressed that the UK
government has not changed its support
for Israel and also said that he does
not agree with South Africa's claim that
Israel is committing genocidal acts in
Gaza South Africa has filed a case
against Israel in the international
court of justice and the first Hearing
in the case will take place on Thursday
the 57 Nations block the organization of
Islamic countries along with a slew of
other nations back South Africa's
case when lawmakers asked United
Kingdom's foreign secretary David
Cameron if Israel could be vulnerable to
a challenge at the heg he said The
Stance was quote unquote close to
that so this usually there
are well can I
thank