these were the deepest strikes inside
Lebanese territory since Hezbollah and
Israel went to war in October balbec is
some 70 km from the capital Beirut
kilometers from the border where there
have been near daily exchange of fire
since the armed group opened a front to
help relieve pressure on
Gaza Lebanese security sources say the
targets were a warehouse and a farm in a
known Hezbollah stronghold some of the
group's Fighters were reportedly killed
Israel said it hit targets belonging to
the armed group's air defense unit in
retaliation for the Downing of one of
its drones in southern
Lebanon didn't just Target one of
Israel's most sophisticated armed drones
this drone has been used to carry out a
series of assassinations in Lebanon so
Israel considered this a message from
Hezbollah that it can no longer act
freely and that the armed group used new
technology that places its aerial
weapons at
risk early on Monday videos circulating
online showed a drone falling from the
sky after being hit by what Hezbollah
said was a surface to- a missile Israel
media called it a dangerous development
yes it is sending a message to Israel
what I'm worried about is that we are
going to see an intensification of these
bombing campaigns by Israel over the
next period until some sort of a deal is
reached in
Gaza not long after the Bic strikes
Israeli drones returned to the skies at
least two were killed when their car was
hit in southern Lebanon in the latest
targeted killing the latest escalation
came a day after Israel's defense
minister yav Galant vowed to step up
attacks on Lebanon even if a ceasefire
is agreed in Gaza but it wasn't the
first time he said that and Hezbollah
has already threatened to escalate
attacks if Israel continues to strike
Lebanon after any agreement is reached
with the Palestinian movement
Hamas the situation is gradually
escalating and the arena of
Confrontation is expanding those close
to Hezbollah say this is still a
calculated escalation at least for now Z
AL jaaz
Beirut make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz