[Music]
usually even if you have 10 Jews you
have 10,000 opinions but today in the
Thousand but tall for the almost 200
innocent citizens of as Einstein said
the world will not be destroyed by those
who do evil but by those who watch them
and do
nothing
as golden May year the most important
person I've ever had the honor to play
WoW in my wow wow I think golden may be
here
[Applause]
today we know we again a one fighting
family
family which is so strong which is so
has so much love and you know that there
is only one outcome in this battle our
Victory now whatever our different
political beliefs and Views are about
what's happening overseas you do not
have to support all the policies of
Israel to support and love and stand
with all the people of Israel during a
time of profound morning during a time
of profound morning that's why I'm here
I pray for peace no more Rockets from
Gaza and no more bombs falling down on
the people of Gaza God protect the
children God protect children let's end
all the horror and all the Heartbreak in
the Holy Land let's end all of it let's
end all of
it dear
friends as president of the state of
Israel medat Isel I vow to you from
Jerusalem from the
coton that we will
heal we will rise again and we will
rebuild our ancestors risked everything
to reestablish themselves in America a
country they dreamed would be free of
Jew
hatred
unfortunately that dream has not yet
been
realized thanks to this great nation we
don't have to resort to flight we can
fight with our voices our votes and our
[Applause]
feet
Israel we in America have your
back America feels your
pain we ache with you we stand with you
and we will not rest until you get all
the assistance you
need it is prime minister Netanyahu says
so well this is a fight between good and
evil between light and darkness between
civilization and
barbarism the calls for a ceasefire are
outrageous we stand with Israel we stand
with
[Applause]
Israel
thank you thank you thank
[Music]
[Applause]
you
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]