what does it do to the image of Joe
Biden and and the larger Big Brother
role that us has played so far in the
Middle
East the elections are not very far for
Joe Biden he he has that challenge as
well he wanted to really uh you know
position himself as a world leader who
could really do that Unthinkable deal
ensure that that Israel and and and
Saudi could come
together well I keeping in mind that um
you know this whole Abraham Accords uh
thing flows from the Trump
Administration Biden was really picking
up on that but know looking at this from
a a domestic political context here I
would argue that um that Biden's
response and the response of the Biden
Administration on the whole to this war
has been you know I would argue for the
most part uh warmly received um uh in
the US uh and you know the the US
relationship with Israel had been
somewhat shaky the last few months
because of concerns in Washington about
some of the domestic political
developments in in Israel particularly
with uh with Netanyahu but we have seen
that um well we know we've known that
the strong support for Israel is a
bipartisan um there's a very strong
bipartisan consensus around support for
Israel it's been like that for a very
long time in the United States and we've
seen responses from members of Congress
there's been nearly unanimous support
for Israel um from pretty much everyone
near nearly everyone in in the Congress
and so president bid has been coming out
with very strong statements about
solidarity you know we're with the
people of Israel we're with the Israelis
so regardless of the possible setbacks
to uh Biden's goal to get a deal between
Israel and Saudi Arabia I think that um
this terrible terrible um conflict
that's broken out and I don't want to
put it in these types of terms but I
think that it could help him a little
bit politically in the sense that it's
enabled him to you know really
demonstrate his and his government
solidarity with isra and the Israeli
people at a very terrible moment for
them and I think that that will
certainly not be politically costly for
him