foreign
continued to pound Islamic Jihad sites
and killed their military leaders The
Joint command of gaza's militant groups
including Islamic Jihad and the enclaves
Hamas rulers continued to fire hundreds
of rockets toward Israel and claimed
responsibility for the salvos
the occupation has opened the door of
the strife and now they must bear the
consequences the resistance continued
response in all forms indicates that the
resistance Has the strength and
capabilities to inflict pain upon the
Israeli occupation
the intensified fighting across the
Israel Gaza borders had also brought the
lives of Israeli residents to a halt
many residents of Southern Israeli towns
say the Palestinian rockets falling on
their roofs have turned their lives into
a nightmare so rocket fell on the
building near to me it was a very big
blast I personally doesn't didn't hurt
their blast because I was in Tel Aviv
but my parents and all my friends had a
big really big boom and
it's a it's it's for me it was very
terrifying in Gaza it's not just the
human loss that's keeping people on
their toes aminable is one of 3500
fishermen who haven't been able to work
for days because of the ongoing
escalation of violence he also owns a
fish restaurant but has not received any
customers for days
we hope to reach atroos to take care of
our wounds and the wounded people here
we have to carry out some home duties
I'm responsible for 20 people at home I
get up early every morning to look for
food for them of course I'm interested
in reaching atroos
sources say the mediation talks in Egypt
have not yet seen any breakthrough
Israel has informed Egypt of its
decision to hold negotiations as long as
the rocket firing continues
residents here are still fearful they
won't see an end to this round of
fighting and so far the efforts made to
reach a ceasefire do not seem enough to
stop Israel and Palestinian armed groups
from continuing this latest eruption of
violence Gaza
thank you