in kaido the Secretary General of the
United Nation made a dramatic call in
order to allow these
humanitarian H to enter on the first day
20 tracks were allowed to come in 20
yesterday were about 20 more but in
normal time in normal time without War
100 trucks enter into gasa every day so
it's clear that 20 is not
enough gery it is clear Israelis and
Palestinians can live in the longterm
only in peace and insecurity free from
terrorism and free from Human suffering
with a two-state
solution we European Union we have
increased our support but there KS and
kills of trucks waiting to enter they
have to enter and they have to bring the
things that Bly needed in particular
particular the F needed to make I repeat
the dis alization work then we have to
discuss about the political
process the peace process has been for
too long for God the great Powers have
forgotten about the Palestinian issue
thinking that it was going to be solved
alone oh it doesn't matter yes it matter
yes we have to continue working on that
humanitarian ceas fire means that we can
provide humanitarian assistance
um if you speak about self-defense I
absolutely Slovenia supports the right
to proportionate urgent self-defense but
we have to be aware that strong military
attack can have serious consequences and
serious numbers of deaths in civilians
we currently have in Gaza more than 1
million of people that have nowhere to
go and this is something we have to
address seriously and any humanitarian
ceasefire can definitely reduce the risk
also of spilling over the conflict in
the region Europe very clearly is
supporting Israel but it's not a
contradiction to say that Europe
supports Israel and is concerned about
the lives and well-being of Palestinian
civilians because Palestinians are not
all Hamas Hamas is the enemy uh Israel
is our friend it is very necessary that
there will be humanitarian pulses
because it is absolutely necessary that
there is more humanitarian AIDS and that
people get help get medicine get food
get water