Israel's president Herzog was caught in
a bit of a hot mic yesterday he
suggested that the entire world is
anxious about itamar Bengal remember
he's the leader of the Jewish power
party which is now risen to tremendous
prominence within Israeli politics in
the recent elections so why are
countries anxious and why are people
within the state of Israel anxious about
Bengal
take a look
president Herzog is meeting with Party
heads this week to receive their
official recommendations on who they
think should be the next prime minister
meeting with the ultra-orthodox Shas
party on Wednesday evening he thought he
was having a private conversation when
he said this
is
so has Ben gevir mellowed as suggested
as a youth he was considered too radical
to be allowed to do mandatory National
Army service he was a supporter of the
kak party considered a terror group by
the U.S and outlawed by Israel and he
has been convicted of inciting racism
however he says that he doesn't
generalize against all Arabs and his
party's policies call for the death
penalty for terrorists and expulsion
only of people who support terrorism
many within Israel as well as Israel's
allies like the U.S Jordan the UK and
reportedly the UAE have expressed
concern about the prospect of Ben gevir
entering the cabinet
sources have suggested that former prime
minister netanyahu's liquid party has
been trying to reach out to more
center-right parties in an effort
potentially to minimize the influence of
the ultra nationalists Bart's Netanyahu
is expected to need to partner with the
rzp to form a coalition bengaver would
reportedly like the position of public
security minister and if he's successful
this would mean he would be in charge of
the police and law enforcement at the
flashpoints Temple Mount also known as
the AL AXA compound meanwhile in
response to president herzog's comments
benga there has said he is meeting with
diplomats and would explain his
positions to the world this is Jody
Karen for we on world as one Beyond is
now available in your country download
the app now and get all the news on the
move
[Music]