in the meantime let's shift focus and uh
get you updates that are now coming in
and this is with the ongoing War taking
place in Israel as far as the Israeli
Defense Forces once again has now shared
further updates and this is coming
across as uh the neverbe seen footage of
comat soldiers from the idf's shalag
unit operating to neutralize terrorist
and rescue the civilians of kibuts beiri
remember kibuts beiri was one of the
worst Massacre sites that has been seen
and where several of the civilians who
were killed and the footage on air on
your screens you can see the idea of
soldiers firing at the terrorist vehicle
and killing the driver who then lost
control of the vehicle and the unit
soldiers then killed other terrorists in
the cell who tried to escape at the same
time counterterrorism activities you can
see that the idea of Special Forces
rescuing the residents of kibuts beiri
so this was the plan of action however
many lives had already been lost many
civilians who had lost their lives but
uh this is how the IDF in its Counter
Strike the comact operation in which
Hamas terrorists who had spread mhim in
kibuts biriri were killed they were
identified many of them were dawned the
Israeli army uniform but that is the
combat operation that we are looking at
many of those uh terrorists who were
also killed by the IDF that is the
Israeli Defense Forces and uh many of
those comeback how they were chased how
they were hunted we talk about those
Hamas terrorists there were several of
them in number who had entered the
kibuts viriri where over thousand
residents uh used to reside there but it
had turned into a massacre side with
hundreds of being killed there were do
Todo raids that were being conducted and
uh many of those people were killed
either by uh indiscriminate firing or by
grenade also being thrown in the house
or their houses that have been set a
blaze but you can see the car chase that
happens as far as the car which tried to
leave from kibuts biriri and the
terrorists who were cornered there and
you can see two of those Israeli
soldiers there who have successfully
eliminated that Hamas terrorist