Russia is accusing Ukraine tonight of
deliberately shooting down one of its
military planes inside Russia Moscow
claims most of the passengers on board
were ukrainians being transported for a
prisoner swap ctv's Heather Wright on
ke's
response this is the moment a Russian
military transport plane crashed just
outside the city of belgrad near the
border with
Ukraine Witnesses say they heard two
explosions before the plane crashed and
burst into FL
claims we saw some red flying object
this man says and then we heard an
explosion and saw a red Flash the
Kremlin says 65 Ukrainian soldiers were
on board being transported from Moscow
to Western Russia as part of a prisoner
exchange they accuse Ukraine of shooting
down the plane and killing their own
with missiles launched from nearby
K everyone on board died said this
Russian defense Ministry spokesman a
total of 74 people were on board keev
has not commented on whether it shot
down the plane and has called for an
international investigation Ukrainian
officials say they were never told to
secure the airspace as they have been in
past prisoner exchanges though its
military vowed to continue destroying
Russian military aircraft it believes is
transporting missiles tonight Ukrainian
President Vladimir zilinski accused
Russia of playing
games it is evident that the Russians
are playing with the lives of Ukrainian
prisoners with the feel of their family
zinsky said what surprised me more is
just how quickly The Narrative came out
retired Major General David Fraser said
it's just too early to know exactly what
happened with both sides pointing the
finger at the other there was a puff of
black smoke which would be indicative of
some sort of missile and so again what
happened uh but it seems both sides are
scrambling to try to get control of the
narrative yesterday Ukraine was hit with
one of the worst attacks in weeks 18
people were killed and dozens more
injured president zilinski is asking
Western allies for more military aid
with fighting expected to increase in
the coming months Omar all right Heather
thank you