[Music]
Palestinian children in the village of
Jaffa Thebe in the occupied West Bank
have started the school year in tents
after Israeli authorities demolished
their school it's one of four
Palestinian schools damaged or destroyed
in recent weeks by Israeli authorities
they said the structures had been built
without proper planning permits human
rights groups say another 55 educational
facilities in the West Bank are
threatened with demolition or have been
given stop-work orders israel says it's
about following procedure but human
rights groups say permits for
Palestinians to put up new buildings are
nearly impossible to obtain while
Israeli settlements established in
violation of international law continue
to expand palestinian officials say the
demolition of schools is part of a wider
effort to remove facilities in the area
to force people to leave the demolitions
that took place yesterday as part of the
escalation of Israeli practices against
the Palestinians especially in Area C
it's part of the forcible transfer
policy that the Israeli government
is committing against the palestinian
people israel has disputed the claim
saying the construction of the buildings
was illegal and substandard observers
say part of the problem is that since
2011 the Israeli government has been
threatening to withhold permits and
funding for new schools that do not
implement the Israeli Curriculum
analysts encourage the Palestinian
Ministry of Education is steadfast in
maintaining the education of our
students without Palestinian curriculum
and not the inadequate curriculum the
occupation as our schools implement in
Jerusalem Palestinian officials say
their children face daily harassment
from Israelis on their way to school
including delays in crossing checkpoints
and arrests being made inside classrooms
the Israelis call them security measures
this is the time of year that kids
around the world are returning to school
like them Palestinian children in the
West Bank just want to go back to class
and see their friends again but the new
school year for them also includes
lessons in politics and some students
are learning in tents mohamed trt world
Ramallah in the occupied West Bank
[Music]