[Music]
smoke Rises behind gaza's asifa Hospital
in the courtyard and corridors are
thousands of displaced
people Israeli forces fought Hamas
militants among ruined buildings in the
north of the Gaza Strip on Thursday
inching their way closer to asifa and
another main hospital in Gaza
City in the emergency room this man say
he and others tried to head south but
when they reached the road a tank fired
at
them others fled along a Frontline route
the White House said on Thursday Israel
has agreed to pause operations in
Northern Gaza for 4 hours a day from
Thursday the first sign of resite in
gaza's
war allowing people to flee along two
humanitarian
corridors some of those escaping on
Thursday said they feared another nacba
the catastrophe of their Mass
dispossession after Israel was founded
in
1948 they are driving people to schools
and scaring them so they would leave
what we see today is a plan for a second
Exodus what do things look like behind
us death and destruction death and
destruction US President Joe Biden says
he's seeking a longer halt of 3 days to
help secure the release of hostage held
by Hamas we're helpful thanks for moving
along Israel Unleashed its assault on
Gaza in response to a crossb raid by
Hamas gunman who killed 1,400 people
mostly civilians as well as kidnapping
about
240 but the plight of Palestinians
Trapped In The besieged Enclave has
stoked Global calls for a ceasefire
which is rejected by Israel and its main
Ally the United States Palestinian
officials said more than 10,800 Gaza the
residents had been killed as of Thursday
about 40% of them
children at a humanitarian conference in
Paris on Thursday officials from about
80 countries and organizations were
trying to coordinate a response Yan
aelan heads the Norwegian Refugee
Council we cannot wait a minute more for
a humanitarian
ceasefire across gasa for all of the
civilian population there and we cannot
wait a minute more for a lifting of The
Siege which is collective punishment of
a million
children
nor
[Music]
[Music]
fore
[Music]
foreign
[Music]
[Music]
spee
[Music]
spe
[Music]
[Music]
oh
[Music]
[Applause]
spee
[Applause]
that
some on door on
thewit
the
he
go
e