now news just coming in the US military
has launched air strikes early Friday on
two locations in eastern Syria linked to
Iran's revolutionary guard core the
Pentagon has said that this is in
retaliation for a slew of drone and
missile attacks against us bases and
Personnel in the region that began early
last week according to the Pentagon
there have been at least 12 attacks in
US bases and Personnel in Iraq in for in
Syria since the 17th of
October Air Force Brigadier General Pat
Ryder has said that 21 us Personnel were
injured in two of those assaults that
used drones to Target the alasa base in
Iraq and the Alan Garrison in uh
Syria so uh the situation in the Middle
East becoming M here as we uh speak the
US military has launched air strikes
early Friday uh on two locations in
eastern Syria linked to Iran's
revolutionary guard and core uh what we
are given to understand is that the
Pentagon has said
uh that
U this is in retaliation for a slew of
drone and missile attacks against uh the
US bases and Personnel in the region
that began early last week now according
to the Pentagon there have been at least
12 attacks on us bases and Personnel in
Iraq in foreign Syria since the 17th of
October the a Air Force Brigadier
General Pat Ryder has said that 21 us
Personnel were injured in two of those
assaults that Ed drones to Target the
al-as Air Base in Iraq and the Alan
Garrison in Syria uh so uh statement
also coming in from the US defense
secretary these are being described as
self-defense strikes on two Syrian uh uh
garrisons now obviously this is uh going
to be seen as something uh that uh could
muddy the waters in the Middle East uh
do remember that already uh tensions in
the Middle East have been extremely high
over uh the attacks that began with the
hamas's incursions into Israel and
thereafter of course have uh look have
looked at least to become a wider
regional
conflict uh pictures on your screen are
of course uh of the Joe Biden's visit to
Israel but what we are given to
understand is that these US air strikes
are being seen as something uh that
could essentially cause more concern
even as top leaders Across the Western
world have been trying to bring the
situation under
[Music]
control
[Music]