for
Gaza
I can update you now that there was a
very senior Hamas commander in that area
sadly he was hiding again as they do
behind the within civilians and that's
all I can see at this point we're
looking into it and we'll be coming out
with more data we learn what happened
there so can you confirm it was an
Israeli attack that destroyed a big
chunk of that jabalia refugee
camp yes I
can we went we were focused Again On
Target a
senior senior Commander wolf and we'll
be updating uh you with more data as the
hour moves
ahead but even if that Hamas Commander
was there amidst all those Palestinian
refugees who are in that in that jabala
refugee camp Israel still went ahead and
and Dropped a Bomb there attempting to
kill this Hamas uh this Kamas Hamas
Commander knowing that a lot of innocent
civilians men women and children
presumably would be killed is that what
I'm
hearing that's not what you're hearing
will we again were focused on this
Commander again who you'll get more data
who this man was
killed many many Israelis H we're doing
everything we can these are it's a very
complicated battle space there could be
infrastructure there there could be
tunnels there we're still looking into
it and we'll give you more data as the
hour moves
ahead but you know that there are a lot
of refugees a lot of innocent civilians
men women and children in that refugee
camp as well
right this is the tragedy of War wolf I
mean we as you know we've been seeing
for days moves South civilians are not
involved with Hamas please move South
yeah I'm just trying to get a little bit
more information you knew there were
civilians there you knew there were
refugees all sorts of refugees but you
decided to still drop a bomb on that
refugee camp attempting to kill the
samas commander by the way was he
killed I can't confirm yet there'll be
more updated he yes we know that he was
killed um about the civilians there
we're doing everything can't
minimize