just a few things at the top uh first of
all we want to welcome all the young
people yourselves included as an update
for our humanitarian assistance support
operations to establish the maritime
Corridor off the coast of Gaza I can
confirm that US military vessels to
include the usns Benavides have begun to
construct the initial stages of the
temporary pier and Causeway at Sea we're
aware of the significant interest in
this important effort and will provide
much more information in the very near
future as we work alongside the
International Community to rush Aid to
the people of Gaza on ner and then a
different question on on Gaza and jots
uh the withdrawal so first of all when
it comes to the temporary pier and and
the causeway those are being constructed
offshore out at Sea and and our you know
essentially nowhere near mortar range so
that that's not what we're talking about
here um you know we're aware of reports
that a small number of
mortars uh landed in the vicinity of the
marshalling yard area uh for
humanitarian assistance that will
eventually be uh the delivery site that
that this pier will support uh it's
important also to highlight that this
occurred before any US forces uh you
know have started moving anything uh
there'll be no US forces on the ground
uh and and as I understand it in terms
of uh you know there there is no us
equipment per se in this marshalling
yard hi Pat quick question when do you
think the first uh missions for Ukraine
will arrive
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
is
[Music]
[Music]
for e
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
what you can see behind me is
humanitarian Aid food that was inspected
here in the ashad port and will make its
way into the Gaza Strip This is not only
an additional route for humanitarian Aid
to make its way to where it's needed it
is also an additional inspection Point
increasing our capacity even more
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
about
[Music]
the
come
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
spe
l
[Music]
you guys
watch your
bo
bo
[Music]
for for