and as Gaza grapples underneath barges
of rockets and bombings and the death
toll continues to climb Global
demonstrations have created a divide of
their very own the marches around the
world are seeing both parties Garing
support and withstanding
condemnation well through the week
Americans have held pro-israel and pro
Palestinian demonstrations across the
country on Sunday the Jewish community
of New Jersey expressed support for
Israeli military action in
[Music]
Gaza this is not just a Jewish thing
this is an American thing when 911 when
9/11 happened we all together protested
together and we realized it was Islamic
Terror and Islamic Terror needs to be
uprooted and destroyed and that's why
we're out here
together but down south in Texas
hundreds took to the streets in support
of Palestinians carrying flags and
banners calling for
Freedom while the support transcended
across the globe to Pakistan where
thousands of supporters of the country's
largest islamist party jamaat islami
joined an anti-israel March in Karachi
they waved Palestine flags and carried
signs reading free Palestine to express
their
[Music]
[Music]
support meanwhile neighboring India also
saw support for Israel's promise to
remove Hamas and sloganeering against
the militant group condemnation for
hamas's attacks continued in Brazil as
well but the demonstrators near the kopa
kabana beach call for peace and honor of
the wics in a show of support for
[Music]
Israel
[Music]
[Music]
terorist but Pro Palestine
demonstrations were seen across Europe
thousands took to to the streets of
Copenhagen Berlin Madrid and Amsterdam
in support of Gaza the marches came even
as Germany and France recently banned
Pro Palestinian
[Music]
demonstrations I think the whole phobia
of being anti-semitic is the whole
reason
and this whole idea that the whole
occupation is
hiding
hiding behind this this religion is
false and you can see that and you can
see a lot of Jewish groups that are pro
Palestinians inside the West Bank inside
Israel itself in America and you can see
how the Israel's Army treat them so yeah
it's it's it's a kind of phobia and I
understand that I understand that
through the history that what happened
in Europe
[Music]
world