and Israel has agreed to pause its
military offensive against Hamas for
about 2 months in exchange for the
release of the remaining 136 hostages in
the Gaza Strip now Israel has submitted
this proposal through the kri and
Egyptian mediators The Proposal does not
heed the demand to end the war
completely but is a step ahead in the
long s Seas fire the Israeli officials
have said that they are not waiting for
hamas's response and are cautiously
optimistic about the progress in the
coming days
the Israeli proposal would also see the
hostages being released in three stages
with those over the age of 60 and those
who are critically ill being prioritized
in the first stage the offer also states
that the two parties have to agree on
the number of Palestinian prisoners to
be released by Jerusalem in each stage
the offer will also include a withdrawal
of the Israeli forces from the main
population centers in the Gaza Strip
further it would also facilitate the
gradual Return of the Palestinians to
the enclaves North from which the
Israelis had demanded that all
Palestinians should in fact flee to the
South now this proposal has come at a
time when the international pressure to
end the war is mounting on Israel it has
long been urged after a 7-Day troops
ended nearly about 2 months ago and
since then all talks of a ceasefire have
failed Hamas has insisted that it will
not agree to release any hostages unless
Israel's operations seize
completely meanwhile three Israeli
officers being arrested on ground of
suspicion that they've been taking
bribes to give Palestinian permits to
enter into Israel it's also alleged that
they have sold thousands of Entry
permits so
far Von is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move