I mean
initially you know we were just crying
that was the first reaction to seeing
their son alive the first proof of life
for the parents of Hostage HS Goldberg
pollen came in a video released by Hamas
Shalom they've given permission for
media to use the video in it their son
is missing a hand but seeing him alive
means there is hope he certainly doesn't
look like himself but it was amazing to
see him and amazing to see that he
speaks like himself with clarity
and
strength families and friends of
hostages protested Thursday outside
Israel's military headquarters the
country's War cabinet was meeting inside
according to reports discussing plans
for a ground invasion of Southern
Gaza protesters want to focus instead on
the hostages People Like This Woman's
father he's very funny and he's very
lovable and I miss his hug I miss his
advice I miss him every day
Israeli officials believe Hamas is still
holding 133 hostages in Gaza some were
freed in a November truce talks have
continued on and off to at least get the
sick elderly and injured out negotiators
have met in Paris Cairo and Doha a
senior Us official said Thursday there
may be an Avenue to an agreement but
Israeli officials say they've been close
with Hamas before they walk away from
any potential deal
the families of the hostages are
praising the 18 countries that signed a
joint appeal for Hamas to release their
loved ones among those speaking Thursday
the parents of HH Goldberg Poland we are
hopeful and prayerful that this is the
beginning of a galvanizing Force while
the joint appeal does not appear to be
having an impact on Hamas a spokesman
for the group says it will not be
influenced by the statement and called
on the US to force Israel quote to end
it's aggression Mike Armstrong Global
News onreal