meanwhile Israeli Prime Minister Ben
Manan yahu and National Unity party
leader Benny Gans they've agreed to
establish emergency War government
Israel's prime minister Ben manthan yahu
has said that every Hamas member is a
dead man that is after the first meeting
of his country's emergency government
the announcement of the new cabinet
comes in the wake of savage attacks by
Hamas on Israel Israel's defense
minister yuav Galant has promised and
I'm quoting here to wipe the Palestinian
militant group off the face of the earth
that is after the deadly weekend attack
take a
listen
now the emergency Unity government will
have a war cabinet that includes Israeli
Prime Minister Ben Netanyahu opposition
leader and a retired army General Benny
Gans Israel's current defense minister
yuav Galant former Chief of general
staff of the Israel Defense Forces gadii
Asen court and the current minister of
strategic Affairs Ron Derma well to
other talk officials will also serve
alongside the five member War cabinet as
Observer members and according to the
officials the new Unity government will
not pass any legislation or decisions
that are not connected to the war as the
fighting continues former prime minister
y Leed another opposition leader will
have the option to join this new war
cabinet as for the new war cabinet and
I'm quoting here during the war period
no bills or government decisions will be
promoted that do not concern the conduct
of War all senior appointments will be
automatically extended during the war
period unquote meanwhile US President
Joe Biden has spoken to Israeli Prime
Minister Nathan yahu and reportedly made
it clear that Israel must operate by the
rules of War Biden has said that he
understands the anger and frustration of
the Israeli people but urged Israel to
follow the principles of the Geneva
Convention
[Music]