the community in planfield Illinois came
together on Tuesday for a vigil for
six-year-old Ria alumi Who police say
was killed for being Palestinian
American investigators believe the boy
and his mother were stabbed on Saturday
by their landlord Joseph zuba because of
their Muslim faith a week after the Gaza
conflict flared and put Jewish and
Palestinian Muslim communities in the
United States on
edge wiia was stabbed 26 times s while
his mother suffered multiple wounds she
remains in hospital but is expected to
survive Mahmud ysf W's great uncle said
he was overwhelmed by the whole
Community response I'm overwhelmed
because we thought we going come here to
see a Muslim Community but what I saw
here is surprisingly and thank
you several vigil attendees carried
candles others carried signs in honor of
rier this little boy who appeared to be
around the same age held a large sign
that read I am not a threat in court on
Monday prosecutors alleged that zuba had
listened to conservative talk radio
about the deadly conflict between Israel
and Gaza prior to the
attack Civil Rights group nwacp member
Michael Chris is among those who
attended the vigil I I I don't
understand the hatred that we have
inside of us that and I just needed to
come out and and express the fact that
we stand with all our Muslim Brothers we
stand with our our uh Jewish Brothers
you know we stand with everybody Biden's
Administration sent a representative to
attend The Vig Muslim supporting a
Zionist
are but when Dela s the highest ranking
Muslim in the administration began to
speak he was met with several hecklers
we are here for one year okay be
respectful Cindy glass also attended the
vigil her young son Dexter was close
friends with Ria in school I'm proud of
our community um we had a little bit of
a little bit of heightened emotions
there for a minute but for the most part
I I'm proud I'm proud of us and I'm
proud that everybody came together and
everybody was able to just put
everything aside and think about the
kids think about IDE think about his
family that's that's what that's what
this was all
about that's how tough the med