here are some of the top developments
from the Israel Hamas War the US has
defied appeals from its Arab allies and
the UN Secretary General to back an
immediate humanitarian ceasefire in Gaza
the US vetoed a UN resolution calling
for a ceasefire late on Friday the vote
in the 15 member Council was 3 to one
with the UK abstaining meanwhile the
Biden Administration has reportedly
asked Congress to approve the sale of
45,000 shells for Israel's marava tanks
to be used in its offensive in Gaza the
Palestinian ambassador to the UN said
that the US veto of the ceasefire
resolution was a turning point in
history meanwhile Israel's ambassador to
the UN thank the US and Joe Biden for
vetoing a draft Security Council
resolution the European commission has
announced it will provide $134 million
in humanitarian Aid to the Palestinian
people in 2024 the funds will go towards
supporting humanitarian organizations
working both in Gaza and the occupied
West Bank Israeli War plan struck parts
of the Gaza Strip overnight into
Saturday in Relentless bombardments the
latest strikes came a day after the
United States vetoed a United Nations
resolution for ceasefire the United
Nations relief and work agency for
Palestinian refugees said 85% of Gaza
strip's population has been displaced
which amounts to 1.9 million
Palestinians the agency also said that
the war had reached a point of no return
Israel said that the military was
rounding up Palestinian men in Northern
Gaza for questioning in its search for
Hamas militants Israeli government
spokesperson said that those detained in
Northern Gaza were in quotes
military-aged men who were discovered in
areas that civilians were supposed to
have evacuated weeks ago military
spokesperson Daniel hagari said that in
the past 48 Hours some 200 people have
been detained the health Ministry in the
Hamas run Gaza Strip said that the death
tooll in the Israel Hamas War has risen
to at least
17,488 in the Palestinian territory
announcing the new figure Ministry
spokesperson said every day we are
losing dozens of wounded due to a lack
of care and delay in getting them out of
Gaza for more updates like this please
follow the Indian Express on YouTube as
we cover the various issues emerging
from the ongoing Israel Hamas
conflict