hey how
you little more than a day after losing
their lives in an Israeli air strike the
bodies of foreign aid workers begin
their final journey home leaving the
morg at Abu yusf al- naar Hospital in
Rafa the ambulance is carrying them
prepare to head to Egypt their passports
no longer needed but still brandish
nearby showing among their nationalities
were Brits and Australian and a
pole our message to the government of
these martys the martys of a
humanitarian duty is stop your support
for the Israeli occupation Army stop
supporting them with money equipment and
weapons because those weapons killed
your own countrymen today the names of
those killed have now been made public
including Britain's James Henderson John
Kirby and John Chapman their former
colleagues at World Central Kitchen
watched on their Organization no longer
operating because it said it can't be
sure of its volunteers
safety trucks carrying Aid meanwhile
were seen in nearby Rafa people rushing
towards them in hope of getting their
hands on anything they can as supplies
trickled in however questions
surrounding the air strike on the aid
Convoy surged why were they killed as
they tried to help starving
Palestinians you I spoke to prime
minister Netanyahu last night and was
very clear with him that the situation
is increasingly intolerable and what we
urgently need to see is a thorough a
transparent investigation into what has
happened uh but also a dramatic increase
in the amount of Aid getting into Gaza
removing the barriers uh but also closer
work with Aid agencies to make sure
things like this don't happen again as
International pressure continue to grow
on Israel however its military operation
continued as Israeli military vehicles
repositioned along gaza's border local
media reports in Israel paint an
increasingly damning picture of its
control of its military Israeli Army
sourcers reportedly said those operating
the Drone responsible for killing the
aid workers ignored orders the
significance of all of this for Israel's
war still isn't clear Benjamin Netanyahu
and Senior soldiers have said it was a
tragic mistake and should never happen
again but if drone operators are able to
act independently and without impunity
the reality is nobody may be safe dolin
trt World in occupied East
Jerusalem