[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
e
[Music]
[Music]
being in Market of doors grown they've
broken several records in the last 25
years India's contribution to
incremental Global GDP was as low as
0.2% 25 years
ago over the last 25 years CNBC TV8 has
closely followed the remarkable Ascent
of India's pharmaceutical sector there
was a time 25 years back that it was all
about the FI if FIS would buy markets
would rally if FIS would sell Market
would
fall earlier we were net importers of
Steel from IT services to SAS from
consumer electronics to space Tech from
Mere programming to AIML cars two
wheelers three-wheelers commercial
vehicles have significantly become much
more expensive than they were two
decades
[Music]
ago
[Music]
discounting is high there but their
focus is sarly on the 125 CC
[Music]
segment now it is contributing 16% of
incremental Global GDP now we're looking
at exporting the steel that's made here
in
[Music]
India Welcome to the first ever India
business leader
Awards cars two wheelers and vehicles
generally being manufactured today are
much lower on emissions and much higher
on safety India's technology industry
has been at the Forefront of Cutting
Edge Innovation over the last 25 years
it's the retail which is the driving
force for the market right now clearly
we have arrived on the global economic
State and what a great way to celebrate
our own 25th year with new Milestones
being achieved on the L Street 21 years
of the Nifty from 1,000 to uh 10,000
today sensex and Nifty hit a record high
the Nifty rallying to a record high we
invite you to join us as we persist in
leading coverage of the pharmaceutical
and Healthcare domain documenting
India's expanding expertise in
medicines 25 years of excellence and
unparalleled
growth CNBC tv18 embarking on a quarter
Century of Excellence