this morning air strikes intensifying in
Gaza as Israel reports progress in its
ground attack saying it's now cut Gaza
in two surrounding Gaza City ahead of an
expected assault the Israeli military
over the weekend took journalists into
Gaza ABC's Ian panel was among them for
the first time since this War Began we
go into Gaza the video we filmed was
checked by the IDF for operational
security and embedded with troops from
Israel's 41st armored Brigade for a few
hours the first time they've taken
journalists into the war zone since it
began we were driven about 3 mil into
the Gaza Strip towards the northern side
of Gaza City the landscape is
apocalyptic we're not allowed to say
exactly where we are you can see the
tanks next to me you can hear the sound
of the tank fire we're hearing gunfire
It's Still Remains an incredibly active
Zone elsewhere in Gaza more Carnage
Israel yesterday striking a refugee camp
which according to the Associated Press
lies in an area where Palestinians were
told by the Israeli military to seek
Refuge the Hamas run Health Ministry
claims 53 people were killed the
ministry says so far in the conflict
more than 9700 Palestinians have died
but Israel's ambassador to the UN is
casting doubt on that death toll we
shouldn't believe or take any numbers
coming out of Gaza at face value
everything is being controlled by
uh the terrorists of Hamas there is no
humanitarian crisis in Gaza US Secretary
of State Anthony blinkin is traveling
throughout the region including a
surprise visit to Iraq the Biden
Administration has been pushing for a
humanitarian pause in the
fighting Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu this weekend said there will
be no ceasefire without the release of
hostages Hamas is believed to be holding
some 240 hostages including
Americans me meanwhile Netanyahu has
suspended a junior member of his cabinet
who appeared to suggest that he was open
to a nuclear attack on
Gaza hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching