Friday prayers at al-aqsa mosque in
occupied East Jerusalem have a special
significance for Palestinians during
Ramadan it's the second holiest site in
Islam but Hajj dubiety from the West
Bank city of Hebron risks getting
arrested or shot by his Raley forces
every time he wants to go there it's all
because of this 700 kilometer long
Israeli wall I can't say I wasn't afraid
while crossing I was but there was no
other way for us as Palestinian people
access our soul the wall cuts off most
Palestinians living in the West Bank
from areas where Israelis live by
building it Israel has effectively
annexed East Jerusalem the wall started
going up in 2002 the Israeli Supreme
Court approved its construction as a
temporary measure needed for security
but in 2004 the International Court of
Justice ruled it violates Palestinian
human rights and supports the expansion
of illegal Jewish settlements Israeli
human rights group B'Tselem has also
condemned it
it says the wall restricts Palestinian
movement splits up families and
communities and cuts Palestinians off
from work education medical care and
their farmland the wall is dotted with
checkpoints and Palestinians need
permits to pass through them but Hodge
says Israeli police with few exceptions
bar passage to all men under 45 it can
even be hard for men over 45 like
shoukyou asana
the gods can pull your permission at any
time and stop you from crossing there's
no guarantee you can cross into
Jerusalem it depends on their mood
Shaoqi used to climb over the wall like
hushed then he got a permit nearly six
years ago it was a long process but even
after he got permission it was withdrawn
for six months and he had to sue to get
it back with the permit back in his
hands he hopes to make it to Alex on
Tuesday for the Eid of Fitzer prayer
which ends the month of fasting but like
he said it depends on the mood of the
Israeli police Sarah Balter TRT world
[Music]