we hear for example about problematic
hateful racist chance of protest what
people are often focusing on is the
chant from The River To The Sea
Palestine will be free now this is a
chant and I get asked the question do
you tolerate that chant we don't
tolerate it we chant it I speak as a
Palestinian this is a chant used by the
vast majority of Palestinians it
describes how their rights are deprived
across all of historic Palestine
including if they're citizens of the
state of Israel or living living under
military occupation it in no shape or
form seeks the abrogation of anybody
else's rights to suggest that it does is
actually a way of saying let's not
listen to Palestinians when they say
what they mean when they choose the
words they say I'm going to you there Mr
J because equally we have to be aware Mr
Jamal I'm chairing this
meeting thank you I was just going to
say to you that we understand understand
the uh how your views on that but
equally there are people who find that
chant very offensive and believe that
it's about the annihilation of the state
of Israel so I just think we need to
have some balance there ahead of the
first large March we saw a tweet from
the police saying that they wouldn't be
taking any action against this genocidal
from The River To The Sea chant that's
just unprecedented as far as we're aware
and particularly when it's a genocidal
chant which is what right widely
recognized as such what do you think
should happen when police witness on
those marches people chanting from The
River To The Sea which we know has a
long history of how it is uh interpreted
but if they are quite clearly chanting
in that way what do you think the police
should do if police see people chanting
a genocidal chant then we believe that
there are existing offenses under which
those people can and should be arrested