President Joe I want to thank you for
your continued and unequivocal support
and the work of your entire
Administration to support us um the
Israeli people were deeply moved by the
emotion that Admiral kby showed in his
interview yesterday it was a it was
deeply moving and it represented the
depth of commitment that you have your
Administration have and the American
people across the boorder have for
Israel I mean we had hundreds massacred
families wiped out in their beds in
their homes women brutally raped and
murdered over a hundred kidnapped
including
children and since we last spoke the
extent of this evil it's only gotten
worse they they took dozens of children
bound them up burned them and executed
them they beheaded
soldiers they they mow down these these
youngsters uh who came to a nature
festival and just you know like put five
Jeeps around uh a depression in the in
the soil and like Bobby AR they mowed
them down you know making sure that they
killed everybody this is we've never
seen such savagery in the history of the
state and they're even worse than
Isis they're even worse than Isis and
and we need to treat them as
such well war is a dirty business but
Terror that is wrecked on the unarmed
civilians is absolutely barbaric anyone
who was in any doubt about this or has
at least should have been shaken out of
their idealism by the images that are
now coming out even now of the Havoc
that Hamas has wrecked over a period of
24 hours just on Saturday the number of
dead in Israel are the highest since the
last 50 years in fact since 2008 Israel
has lost 308 people in conflict in one
day alone over 900 citizens have lost
their lives out of this 123 are
confirmed to be serving the military in
addition the Hamas has claimed to have
100 people held hostage and has also
threatened to start executing them
publicly if the Israeli Defense Forces
don't stop their action in Gaza
nonetheless so far Israel has carried
out over 1,000 strikes inside the Gaza
STP PR
dat