[Music]
Israel says that Palestinian prisoners
have suspended they their 40 day hunger
strike the announcement came after
negotiations that reportedly lasted for
20 hours prisoners have been protesting
against a lack of medical treatment and
limited family visits most of the
demands have now been met by the Israeli
prison Authority
where Kallstrom has more on this
development from Tel Aviv
but we understand that after a couple
days of very lengthy negotiations
between the prisoners and the Israeli
Prison Service they've reached some kind
of an agreement on better conditions in
prisons we don't know all the details
yet it hasn't been released but I spoke
with the Palestinian official earlier
who said it does include some things
like expanded family visits it does meet
some of the demands of the prisoners I
know the Israelis initially said when
this strike began about six weeks ago
they said we're not going to negotiate
they call this strike a political stunt
a political protest and they said they
wouldn't hold any talks with the
Palestinians but they changed their mind
in the past couple of weeks particularly
as we got close to Ramadan which begins
today there was a lot of concern that
should any prisoners get sick or died it
might be to unrest the widespread unrest
in the Palestinian territory so other
than intensive negotiations for the past
two weeks and finally at dawn this
morning they announced an agreement and
they agreed to spend the strike the
strike was started by Marwan Barghouti
who's a very prominent leader of the
Fatah movement the party that controls
the West Bank he's been in prison since
2002 he was jailed by the Israelis for
deadly attacks during the Second
Intifada
but he's remained a very popular figure
despite being behind bars polls usually
show that if there was a Palestinian
presidential election tomorrow he would
win by a landslide and so he was the one
that launched this hunger strike partly
to boost his own political profile and
certainly now if the Israelis have made
concessions that they've agreed to grant
better conditions the Palestinian
prisoners he can go out and claim that
he delivered something for his people
and it will help him in the Palestinian
political scene
[Music]