the dark days lay ahead in Gaza and
quite literally there's no electricity
in the strip after the so power plant
stopped operating the unprecedented
events of the weekend have changed the
lives of millions both for Palestinians
and Israelis alike we still don't fully
understand the magnitude of this new war
and its future repercussions but one
thing is clear this is going to be a
long and painful fight for both
sides but 5 days into his war with Hamas
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has wowed a mighty revenge
against the group that would reverberate
for
Generations as Israeli air attacks on
Hamas controlled Gaza continue T Aviv
has called up over 300,000 reservists
Israel's total Siege of Gaza cutting off
all fuel food and electricity and
warning residents to evacuate has
further added to the talk that a ground
invasion is imminent on Gaza AA
according to reports Israeli minister of
national security benir has said that
invading Gaza has now become imminent he
also said that all the residents of sta
will be armed while Israel has not
officially announced a ground operation
in Gaza longtime observers believe that
it is now
inevitable and the last Israel launched
a ground assault on Gaza was in
2014 more than 2,000 palestin Ians were
killed in Israeli ground and air
assaults while at least 73 Israelis
including 67 soldiers were killed in the
7 week War talks of a ground Invasion
come amid the sheer scale of the hostage
crisis confronting Israel at the moment
Hamas has threatened to kill one hostage
every time israeli's military bombs
Target civilians in Gaza without
warning the group took scores of
hostages in storming across the border
in a dead deadly assault that began on
Saturday moreover on the domestic front
as the country battles its deadliest
attack and prime minister Nathan yahu
comes Under Fire a National Emergency
government has been announced along with
a war management cabinet The Joint
statement has been released by prime
minister Nathan yahu and opposition
leader Benny Gans the war cabinet would
comprise of prime minister Nan yahu Gans
and country's defense minister yav
[Music]
lot