the Israeli military which has taken
control of most of Northern Gaza is Now
quickly moving to Southern Gaza Israel's
defense minister says its military won't
leave Gaza until all Hamas
infrastructure is eliminated our e has
more the Israeli military which has
taken control of most of the northern
part of the Gaza Strip is Now quickly
formalizing its ground offensives in the
southern region according to the AFP on
Monday day dozens of Israeli tanks and
heavy equipment were observed entering
the area near con Yunis in the southern
Gaza Strip on several occasions several
witnesses in southern Gaza also told AFP
that they've seen tanks and other
armored vehicles moving towards Southern
Gaza showing Israel is set to begin a
full-fledged offensive in the region in
a statement released by Israel's defense
Ministry Israeli defense minister yuav
Gallant said Monday that the Israeli
Army will storm the entirety of Gaza
City and the northern part of the Gaza
Strip until all Hamas infrastructure is
completely destroyed he also said that
the military will remain in Gaza until
all Hamas infrastructure is eliminated
and went on to say that the military has
begun to work in the south of the Gaza
Strip in the meantime un Secretary
General Antonio gutterz said he was
surprised by the resumption of
hostilities between Israel and Hamas in
the Gaza Strip and urged both sides to
respect their obligations to comply with
International humanitarian law ceras
also expressed concern that people in
Gaza had nowhere safe to go and appealed
to Israel to avoid further action that
worsens the already catastrophic
humanitarian situation in the region he
added that civilians and civilian
infrastructure including medical staff
journalists and un personnel must be
protected at all times EJ adid news