[Music]
Hamas Deputy leader Salah Al aori was
killed in a drone strike in the Lebanese
capital of Beirut on Tuesday an attack
Israel has neither confirmed nor denied
he's the first senior Hamas political
leader to be assassinated since Israel
began its offensive in Gaza targeting
the militant group in response to its
deadly Rampage into Israeli towns on
October 7th but who is aori and will
this shift the war going
forward
born near rala in the West Bank aori was
an early recruit of the Hamas movement
when it formed in 1987 the 57-year-old
has long been in Exile outside of Gaza
after long stints in Israeli prisons but
auror remained a key player in the West
Bank movement from Syria turkey Qatar
and finally
Lebanon aori has been the deputy leader
of Hamas since 2017 within the group he
was described as a leading advocate of
reconciliation between rival Palestinian
factions but when it came to the
conflict with Israel aori was seen as a
hardliner he helped found the group's
military wing and is accused of
orchestrating deadly attacks on Israeli
citizens over the years with many of
gaza's Hamas leaders in deep hiding it's
claimed aori has negotiated hostage
releases in the current
conflict the assassination is another
sign the conflict is spreading further
Beyond Israel and Gaza as Hezbollah
Hamas Ally exchanges near daily fire
with Israel across lebanon's Southern
border hisbah Chief SED Hassan nasala
has warned Israel against carrying out
assassinations on Lebanese soil vowing a
severe
reaction meanwhile Palestinians have
marched in the streets of rala calling
for revenge for A's killing the UN
peacekeeping mission in Lebanon said it
was deeply concerned about the
possibility of an escalation
that could have devastating consequences
for people on both sides of the Border
are call