Benjamin Netanyahu was speaking out in
very uh certain terms uh at this press
conference he gave this Thursday um
speaking to reporters he rejected the
idea of a future State uh for
Palestinians in any post-war scenario
saying that Israel must maintain
security control of Gaza but not only
Gaza he said all territory west of the
River Jordan um and this perhaps there's
been reports um at circulating there's
been a report in the Financial Times
newspaper that Arab states um have been
coming together to try and work out some
kind of ceasefire solution an end to
this war which would involve the
hostages being released um an Israeli
ceasefire and also Israel taking
irreversible steps towards a Palestinian
State um so Benjamin yahu rejecting this
out of hand um saying that this was not
something that he believed would provide
Israel security Katherine we just last
week we had the US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin in the region and he
sort of suggested that normalization
between Israel and uh other uh Arab
states like Saudi Arabia hinged on this
two State solution clearly Netanyahu has
rejected that yeah Netanyahu blatantly
not on the same page as the Americans at
all so you've had Anthony blinkin
pushing this need for a two-state
solution pushing the need for ceasefire
deal saying that that would bring Israel
closer to normalizing relations with
Arab states such as um Saudi Arabia but
Benjamin Netanyahu has rejected that
Israel and the US are blatantly not at
all on the same page as this you've had
Antony linol on Wednesday in Davos um
saying that U they must be a pathway
towards a Palestinian State and ever
since Benjamin Netanyahu spoke out um
rubbishing that idea you've had quick
reactions in from the us too you've had
the White House National Security
advisor saying that there must the US is
still committed to working towards uh a
two-state solution and also a spokesman
for the uh US state department again
saying that that was important um so
they are diametrically not on the same
pose very far apart at the moment