movie goers filed into a Tel Aviv
theater for an emotionally charged film
made even more so by the death of its
director who was killed in the October
7th attack by Hamas militants yahav
Winner's short film the boy was
influenced by a Hamas rocket attack he
witnessed years ago that killed his best
friend's father instantly a scene from
the film involving characters taking
shelter during a rocket raid Drew tears
from the audience the film was due to be
released last month but winter himself
died at the hands of Hamas when
militants stormed into the kafar AA
kabut where he lived winter his wife
shye Atari and their baby daughter hid
in their safe room when militants look
to smash through a window winter had
held it tightly shut giving time for
Atari to flee with the baby in one
second they opened the safe room uh
window and then he he he
he he didn't hold the door he hold the
window we had a little glance not even
like a long go
by and
he pushed the window against them and I
ran away with the baby no shoes no
nothing on me with pajamies Atari later
learned that winter died right by the
window he had held shut to give his
family more time to escape I will need
to imagine him inside my head but he's
gone Atari and wnter were an artistic
power couple in kafar OA winner was the
film director Atari the editor actually
he was the only opinion that mattered to
me they made their films locally on a
limited budget hiring locals instead of
casting professional
actors Atari is still in the midst of
editing their film called kot's Legend
in which winner and a pregnant Atari are
the lead characters the supporting
actors are friends and family from
kafara many of whom died in the Rampage
on October 7th so all of the people I
see on the screen I see the the trauma
but because of that I feel the necessity
to do that film because it's the last
the last thing that is from ik K boots
and the first people I will show them
the film is not a festival is are my
friend from the kibuts and I show them
the place we once had