a brief and intimate moment with the
head of the Catholic Church
his Holiness Pope Francis blesses
shireen's brother Tony her two nieces
and shireen's sister-in-law We Came as a
family to the Vatican to get our message
across and continue advocating for our
one and only
Syrian we were here to call on
accountability and Justice the family
also met Cardinal Pietro padulin the
secretary of state of the Holy See and
with Cardinal sandery a Vatican Diplomat
the family's visit to Vatican City the
seat of power of the Catholic church and
receiving the Pope's blessings is of
course a significant moment however
almost six months on and despite the
family's tireless lobbying of various
different governments and the
international criminal Court Justice for
Shireen has still not been achieved
Shireen was shot dead by Israeli forces
while on assignment for Al Jazeera in
Janine in the occupied West Bank on May
11th at her funeral Israeli forces beat
back mourners and pallbearers causing
her coffin to nearly hit the ground
it drew widespread condemnation
tens of thousands attended her funeral a
testament to how loved she was by those
whose lives she reported on
investigators in the United States and
in the end Israel found that there was a
high possibility that Shireen was killed
by an Israeli soldier but that it wasn't
intentional and that there would not be
a criminal investigation in other words
there would be no justice as much as we
appreciate all officials and religious
leaders who continue to support us words
are not enough at this point we need
more than words we need action we need
concrete accountability to hold the
perpetrators the soldier who killed
cheating accountable so that we don't
see this happening again we need to put
an end to this so no other family should
have to suffer like hours have a
poignant end to the day
this Memorial Mass held for Shireen in
the Italian capital
aside from the public political and
diplomatic efforts by the family to seek
accountability and Justice seemingly so
hard to achieve a reminder too that this
is a family struggling with a very
painful and personal grief Stephanie
Decker Al Jazeera Vatican City