the United Nations Top Court heard
closing arguments on the legality of
Israel's decades long occupation of
Palestinian territories the week-long
hearings have mounted pressure on Israel
at a time when it is planning to launch
an offensive in Rafa now this is the
first time since
1967 that the international court of
justice has been asked to detail the
legal consequences of what's been called
Israel's occupation settlement and
annexation of the territories including
the West Bank and East Jerusalem the
United Nations General Assembly had
asked the court to give an advisory
opinion a final opinion from the court
may come after several months while
delivering his statement to the court
tury's Deputy foreign minister said that
Israeli occupation of Palestinian
territories is the root cause of
conflict in the
region the unfolding situation after
October 7 proves once again that without
addressing the root cause of the Israeli
Palestinian conflict there can be no
peace in the
region Israeli Palestinian conflict did
not start on 7 October
20123 the conflict is not about a
certain Palestinian faction or group the
conflict dates back to an earlier
Century but the real obstacle to peace
is obvious
the deepening occupation by Israel of
the Palestinian territories including e
Jerusalem and failure to implement the
two state
vision Israel and Palestine living side
by
side over the last week the world court
has heard arguments from more than 50
countries most of them have sided with
the Palestinian Representatives who
argue that Israel has long abused
Palestinian rights with impu
and denied their right to
self-determination Israel itself has not
been part of the hearings it has claimed
that the questions raised by the world
Court are
[Music]
biased