the security Council should uh say
enough is enough and if they have a
spine and determination to put an end to
these massacres from happening all over
[Music]
again
[Music]
the security Council should uh say
enough is enough and if they have a
spine and determination to put an end to
these massacres from happening all over
again what we need is a ceasefire we are
grateful that Algeria and us we talked
very uh uh quickly and we acted very
quickly
[Music]
some began violently pushing and even
trampling other gazans to death looting
the humanitarian
supplies the unfortunate incident
resulted in dozens of gin killed and
[Music]
injured
[Music]
obviously whenever you have a military
operating in any area you have a risk of
misunderstanding you have a risk of
miscalculation you have a risk of CI
civilian casualties that is an ongoing
risk as long as there is a uh an ongoing
military operation but you also see that
risk increase now because of as I said
earlier how desperate people are right
just just look at the footage and you
can tell you can see the the people
swarming those trucks are desperate they
need food and so whenever you have that
situ kind of situation you have the risk
not just of of harm from military action
that goes wrong and unfolds in a way
that no one anticipates or no one wants
but you also have a heightened risk of
accident you have a heightened risk of
of criminal activity you have all of
these heightened um risks to innocent
people who are just trying to get food
and water and medicine and things that
they need to feed their
families
[Music]
from breaking news detailed analysis
in-depth interviews and explainers
follow the times of India subscribe to
our YouTube channel don't forget to like
our videos and hit the Bell icon to stay
updated with the
latest