the news has sent shock waves across the
region and through the international Aid
Community the biggest relief
organization in Gaza to lose funding for
now at least from its biggest donors
Britain included veteran Aid workers in
the Middle East say it's unacceptable
don't undermine the organization that is
the vital Lifeline for all of Gaza none
of us none of as other organizations can
do have any capacity to substitute them
come to your
censes continue Aid to Andra fleeing
Israeli forces in the background and
other Exodus of Palestinians on the move
South in Gaza over the weekend among
them deep shock too about the
news that would be a big disaster for
everyone in Gaza without support from
the International Community we won't be
able to
survive what have the civilians done to
deserve this what have the children
babies and elderly people done to be
penalized this way anra has provided Aid
shelter and education to refugees from
Israel's Wars with Palestinians since
1949 but Israeli intelligence agencies
are believed to have told the agency
they believe a dozen of its workers were
in some way involved it's not there how
with the atrocities of October the 7th
in which 1200 Israelis were killed of
the 12 people implicated the UN
Secretary General says in a statement
over the weekends nine were immediately
identified and terminated by the
commissioner general of unra Philipe
lazarini one is confirmed dead and the
identity of the two others is being
clarified the Palestinians prime
minister accused Britain and others
cutting off the UN relief agency of
colluding with Israeli efforts to expel
gazans from Gaza the suspension of Aid
is in line with the Israeli plans for
the force evacuation of our people from
Gaza into Egypt on Friday the
international of Justice rule the
situation in Gaza is catastrophic and
getting worse and all parties must act
urgently to prevent it deteriorating the
move to suspend funding from unra does
not help efforts to meet that binding
resolution Dominic waghorn Sky News