take you live now to Jerusalem for more
on that breaking news that the US has
begun air drops of assistance into uh
Gaza I'm joined by our Middle East
correspondent alista bunkle so uh alista
we were expecting this and now these are
well
underway yeah we don't know whether this
is a a oneoff or whether the Americans
are planning to make this more regular
uh I mean I should say these aird drops
have been going on for some weeks now uh
you were showing pictures of the
Jordanian Royal Air Force carrying out
their own airdrops they've also been
dropping a lot of British Aid into Gaza
the Egyptians and the emiratis are two
other nations doing the same but today
is the first time that the Americans
have taken part in it and that is
significant because it signifies that
America who have been putting pressure
on Israel behind the scenes but also
increasingly publicly um in many aspects
of this War but certainly in a
humanitarian and Aid capacity to get
more Aid into Gaza well they've clearly
decided that enough is enough and they
need to look at different options and so
an airdrop is one of those different
options it's incredibly imperfect it is
not ideal it is a last resort Lots can
go wrong it's not particularly effective
because actually one of the aircraft the
US used three C130 aircrafts each one of
those aircraft can carry about the
equivalent of a Lor's worth of Aid so
it's not a lot of Aid um of course it's
desperately needed but trying to make
sure it lands in the right place who
then distributes it on the ground to
make sure it goes to the people who need
it and it doesn't go into the hands of
Hamas or perhaps doesn't go into the
hands of other people who will then sell
it on on the black market for inflated
prices for example these are all the
major complications with a drops so then
not a permanent solution to what is
happening in Gaza but it's a solution
for now that the Americans feel that
they are compelled to carry out yeah an
extraordinary step from the United
States Alis B call thanks very much
indeed