we're now getting a big update as far as
the Israel Hamas hostage deal is
concerned Israeli officials have now
said that there would be no pause in the
Gaza fighting or any release of hostages
held by Hamas before Friday despite the
two sides agreeing ause so remember
there were speculations that there would
be a pause today and the hostages will
be released today but Israeli officials
have confirmed that there would be no
pause in the Gaza fighting or any
release of hostages held by Mass before
Friday despite the two sides agreeing uh
for the truth now uh CNN news8 Sant
Mishra is joining us on the story to
tell us more about it sadan over to
you yes uh so uh this was a deal which
was uh perhaps this was an understanding
which was made um uh after us uh qar and
Egypt sat down and uh and you know uh
now we are getting to know that uh the
ceas fire and hostage relas have both
been delayed uh till Friday now uh it
was uh it was perhaps a welcoming uh uh
development in West Asia in fact
yesterday external affairs minister J
Shanker also welcomed
it welcomed it
and and in this particular exercise um
the 50 hostages were set to be released
uh by U Palestinian Side by Hamas and
Israel was also expected to release few
of the prisoners that have been taken in
custody and there was also uh there was
also an understanding that till then
Israel is not going to uh do a counter
offens and the war and there would be a
cause on the war in Gaza so that was an
understanding which was made but uh
right now the reports are telling us
that uh this
particular um exercise has been delayed
uh uh delayed till Friday now we don't
know the reason or or that has not been
reported but why uh this has been done
but what we were told before uh was that
uh today
uh at 10:00 a.m. uh at around 10:00 a.m.
uh this was expected to happen this was
sched to happen but now we are getting
getting to know that it has got delayed
by one more
back all right San thank you so much for
getting us all those details