the Palestinian death toll from the
Israel Hamas War has soared past
25,000 this is according to the health
Ministry in Gaza the militant group
Hamas has released a 16-page report
titled our narrative it says that the
group wants to clarify the background
and dynamics of the surprise attack of
their operation al- AXA flood it was a
necessary step and a normal response to
confront all Israeli conspiracies
against the Palestinian people the
militant outfit has also acknowledged
there were faults in the October 7th
attack it led on Southern Israel but
claimed its Fighters only targeted
Israeli soldiers and people carrying
weapons Israeli officials say the
fighting is likely to continue for
several more months prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu has vowed to keep up
the offensive until Israel achieves
complete victory over Hamas and returns
all the remaining hostages he has also
rejected conditions presented by the
militant group to end the war and
release hostages that would include
Israel's complete withdrawal from the
area well the Israeli Prime Minister has
rejected us and international calls for
post-war plans he's doubled down on his
operation to the creation of a
Palestinian State on his opposition to
that and the Israeli Army has announced
the death of another soldier in the
October 7th attacks they say his body
was being held in Gaza according to
reports the number of dead hostages
whose bodies remain in the Palestinian
territory has now risen to 28 moreover
in Northern Gaza Israeli forces are
still facing Fierce resistance from the
militant group despite having claims to
wind down operations in the
area on the other hand hundreds of
thousands of people are talk taking to
the streets across the world to protest
against the war in Gaza the pro
Palestinian demonstrations are demanding
an end to Israel's offensive to what
they call Israel's genocide on
Gaza and brought them we
[Music]
suffered