it's a temporary Alliance turning
political Rivals into wartime allies on
Wednesday prime minister Benyamin
Netanyahu and National Unity party
leader Benny Gans announced they would
establish an emergency wartime
government the Israeli people are united
and today its leadership is United as
well the deal comes four days after the
Hamas group launched deadly operations
in areas outside of Gaza the move also
follows months of bitter division Within
Israeli Politics the war cabinet will be
composed of Netanyahu Gans as well as
current defense minister yev Galant
according to the statement former IDF
Chief of Staff Gadi aen cot and current
strategic affairs minister Ron durmer
will serve as observers opposition
leader yayer lepid has not joined the
temporary Alliance though the joint
statement said a seat would be reserved
for him in the war cabinet and the
government on the 7th of October Leed
said he was open to joining an emergency
government but preconditioned his offer
on sidelining extremists within the
Netanyahu
Administration I'm willing to put aside
our differences and form with him an
emergency narrow professional government
to manage the difficult and complex
operation ahead of us Netanyahu knows
that with the current extreme and
dysfunctional cabinet it can't manage a
war for now nany whose Ultra Orthodox
and far-right allies such as national
security minister itamar Ben and Finance
Minister bezalel are set to remain in
office to handle non-war related
Affairs until the crisis is resolved all
bills and government decisions not
pertaining to the war with Hamas have
been suspended meaning the controversial
judicial overhaul spearheaded by
Netanyahu and his Hardline government
have also been put on hold for the time
being