today's congressional action includes 26
billion doll in Aid to Israel some of
which will be used to support defense
systems that repelled recent attacks
from Iran cbs's Deborah P has the latest
now from
Jerusalem good evening for now at least
Security Experts here believe Terran
will not respond to Israel's retaliatory
strike but it has diverted attention
from the war in Gaza which reached a
grim new Milestone more than
34,000
dead the Frantic rush to save the
injured after yet another Israeli air
strike in Rua health workers do their
best but for this little girl it is too
late her father is
inconsolable pressing her tight against
his chest one last time the days grind
on the death told months in this room it
is only the bodies of children we have
been here so many times in this nearly
7mon long War every day more names added
to a growing list of horror trauma and
grief play out on a NeverEnding Loop
shellshocked residents standing in the
ruins of their decimated homes children
trying to salvage what they can from the
rubble looking for something familiar
for more than 2 months Israel has
threatened to send troops into ruer but
even without such an operation it is
under regular bombardment the strikes
come at night they come during the day
sometimes there's a warning from the
Israel Defense Force just before a hit
these residents are on the Move carrying
backpacks and flour after being told to
leave just this afternoon they're going
to strike at 340 it's happening shouts a
man minutes later it's done
in this makeshift kindergarten teachers
provide a welcome relief from the wall
more than half of gaza's 2.3 million
Palestinians are Sheltering in Rua it
was supposed to be their last
stop despite the tensions this week with
Iran the G7 meeting which wrapped up in
Italy yesterday is keeping the pressure
on Israel warning that a fullscale
operation in Rafa Nancy would have
catastrophic
consequences devastating pictures
Deborah P thank you so much