the US Department of State has issued a
rare worldwide caution travel advisory
telling Americans to be on alert
everywhere they go overseas this due to
increased tensions and potential for
Terror attacks as Israel's war with
Hamas rages on the notice was issued on
Thursday it advises American citizens
abroad to stay alert in locations
frequented by tourists now to enroll in
the state department smart traveler
enrollment program to receive
information and alerts and make it
easier to locate them in an emergency or
overseas this is what has been done now
the issuance of the worldwide caution
alert is a significant message and
protests that have erupted throughout
West Asia in response to the Israel
Hamas war with many demonstrators
targeting us diplomatic compounds now
there has been widespread anti-america
protests in West Asia that include that
included a 24-hour Siege of the American
Embassy in beu in the past week the US
state department has raised the travel
advisory for Lebanon and Israel to the
highest level it is also authorized
non-emergency US Government personnel
and family members to depart from the
respective countries the anti-American
protests were also witnessed in Turkey
Adana and
Istanbul while outside the Israeli
Embassy in Jordan Zaman protesters
burned us flags and held up signs
denigrating President Biden in Iraq the
American Military managed to intercept
two drone strikes targeted towards Al
Assad airbase and a bomb threat was
reported at the US Embassy in bu Iris as
well the last time the alert was issued
was back in 2022 after the killing of
aleda leader Iman Al zahiri at the time
the US officials warned that supporters
of alqaeda or its Affiliated terrorist
organizations May seek to attack us
facilities Personnel or
citizens cases
Rising
[Music]