if you listen to them it's not always
obvious which child is Palestinian which
one is
Jewish and that's the whole point
everyone here has to learn both Hebrew
and Arabic welcome to the Village of NE
Shalom or as the other half calls it
Salam it means a wayes of Peace it's not
a
bubble I think this is the only way we
can survive
here there are no mosques no synagogues
no churches here home to a 100 families
they came wanting to live alongside one
another key to the success of this
Village and it's a strict rule
maintaining an equal number of Jewish
and Palestinian
families founded in the 1970s The
Village was the vision of a monk Bruno
husar it it sits on land gifted by the
nearby Monastery it was empty no no
houses no trees nothing Nava sun and
shine was one of the first to move here
what's the
secret to share power
equally she now runs a school for peace
that has seen tens of thousands come
through its
doors people who live here and people
who graduated our programs they have
this ability and it's a rare ability
today to see the complexity to see both
sides to H feel empathy but not everyone
is a fan of their ethos the school for
peace was gutted in an arson attack and
right-wing groups were behind this
graffiti death to Arabs it said okay you
live together Bravo but it's not
something that can
coexist it's always the easy answer you
know it's it cannot work there is no way
like if you
tried Aya in green is Arab aava in white
is Jewish it's here it's possible I
think it's good and it helps us
understand each other it doesn't matter
like if we're Jewish or Arab we need to
all be
equal in addition to school lessons aava
learns Arabic in bernardet kitchen she's
an Arab Christian woman who's lived here
for 30 years she's a good
on the edge of the village there's
coexistence even in Death from the
cemetery you can see the second
generation of homes that were
built the waiting list to join the
village is a long one on both
sides Daniel hamam in global news in the
village of NE
shalom