it's the biggest escalation in the
ongoing confrontation between the
Israeli military and Hezbollah Israeli
war planes targeted multiple locations
across Southern Lebanon in retaliation
for the killing of one of its Soldiers
the strikes were far from the
Battleground along the border they
damaged homes and killed civilians
children among them it is an escalation
and I think hisbah will respond by the
same intensity of the bombardment but
without enlarging too much the War and
what I mean without enlarging it means
respecting more or less the limit of the
engagement but not going into an all out
war and which is not also in the
interest of the Israelis Israel's war
cabinet met to decide on a response
after what it called the violent
Hezbollah bombing that targeted Northern
Israel rocket attacks blamed on the
Lebanese armed group hit what the Army
said was its northern command
headquarters in safad about 15 kilomet
from the border it's not the first time
Rockets have been launched at military
positions deeper inside Israel but the
ferocity of the attack and the Precision
guided missiles used were
different his buah is showing its
strength and capabilities it is in
response to Israeli threats hisbah wants
to show what it has and it is ready to
use it it is also a message to decision
makers in the world to stop the crimes
against the people of Gaza Hezbollah
opened the front in South Lebanon to
support its Ally Hamas in Gaza and it
says it will only stand down once the
aggression on the Strip ends that may
not be enough for Israel which is
demanding security guarantees so tens of
thousands of Israelis can return to
their homes near the border in recent
weeks it has stepped up its attacks on
Hezbollah targets and carried out
targeted killings the rocket fire is an
escalation on hezbollah's part it's seen
as a message of deterence but at the
same time it's also within the Rules of
Engagement which have been in place
since the start of the latest round of
fighting between the longtime
enemies Israel in its response has
broken those rules and while it appears
the conflict has widened many believe
this round of violence was all about
messages and for now at least there is
little interest in pushing for a
full-blown War Z AL jaaz
beut make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer