are boycotts being banned in the US are
Americans losing their right to free
speech these are some questions
circulating on social media following a
new Amendment to the US's anti-boycott
Act of 2018 after Pro Palestine
sentiment began to Surge in the country
amid Israel's brutal war on palestine's
[Music]
Gaza the Act was originally deviced to
combat the Palestinian Le boycott
divestment and sanctions movement which
calls for a wide ranging EMB go against
Israel over its inhumane treatment of
Palestinians the newly amended iGo
anti-boycott act aims to discourage or
prohibit us companies from supporting
boycotts organized by a foreign country
or an international governmental
organization against a country friendly
to the US this means that us companies
are for example prohibited from limiting
their businesses or refusing to operate
in Israel or to work with Israeli
companies citizens or residents it also
encourages or requires us persons to
refuse to participate in such boycotts
Republican Congressman Mike Lawler who
introduced the new Amendment to the act
in May 2023 has repeatedly denounced BDS
as anti-semitic in recent years Jewish
groups pro-israel groups and allies in
Congress and Leadership positions have
fought back against the BDS movement and
its anti-semitic and biased mistreatment
of Israel that's why in 2018 Congress
passed the anti-boycott ACT Lawler
further states that the iGo anti-boycott
Act is an important measure in the glob
Global fight against anti-Semitism
several US states at the beest of
pro-israel lobbies have enacted various
types of anti-boycott anti- divestment
or anti-bds legislation that requires
parties to sign contracts with state
governments vowing not to engage in any
boycott of Israel Advocates of free
speech say that it should not be illegal
to boycott Israel and that it isn't
anti-American nor is it anti-semitic to
do so rather they argue that boycotting
is a right enshrined in the First
Amendment of the US Constitution so will
the anti-boycott act now Force
individuals to buy from Brands like
McDonald's or Starbucks being boycotted
over Israel's Onslaught and occupation
well no but us companies and persons
encouraging or engaging in boycotting
will be penalized