a call for accountability as Israel
faces growing pressure over its conduct
in Gaza and the growing number of
Civilian deaths I call for a vote on
this it's the first time the un's top
human rights body has taken a position
on the war over the past 6 months the
occupying power has written a horrific
new chapter in The 75-year-old Tragedy
of the Palestinian people the draft
resolution has been updated with the aim
of responding to the egregious human
rights violations facing Us in occupied
Palestine especially the Gaza stri the
United Nations Human Rights Council
resolution calls for Israel to be held
accountable for possible war crimes and
crimes against humanity in Gaza it's
also demanding a halt to all armed sales
to Israel 28 countries voted in favor 13
abstained and six voted against a result
condemned by Israel's un Ambassador who
accused the UN of anti-israeli bias this
Council has long abandoned
reason and it has long abandoned the
human rights of Israelis and Jews and
today's
vote was a very dark day in the history
of this
Council and also at the United Nation
Western countries remain divided but
despite voting against the resolution
the US is growing unease at Israel's
conduct was voiced by its Ambassador the
United States has repeatedly urged
Israel to deconflict military operations
against Hamas with humanitarian
operations in order to avoid civilian
casualties and to ensure humanitarian
actors can carry out their essential
mission in safety that has not happened
and in just 6 months more humanitarians
have been killed in this conflict than
in any War of the modern
era the resolution may not be binding
but it's a sign of growing pressure on
Israel over its actions once it became
clear that Israel may have been acting
excessively later still when it became
just possible it was genocide it was
blindingly obvious that there should be
a trial for accountability of crimes on
both
sides as the Us and other Western allies
continue to talk about pressurizing
Israel to change its tactics for those
trapped in the middle of the conflict in
Gaza there appears to be no end in sight
Sonia Gago Al jazer
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jaaz