[Music]
israel sits on about 0.1 percent of
global gas reserves not much but the
european union is looking everywhere it
can to reduce its reliance on russian
gas
so egypt already taking in 26 percent of
israel's gas production will start
liquefying more at its two mediterranean
plants
it'll trim just a few percent off the 40
percent of gas the eu buys from russia
this is a quick fix it's not going to
solve the whole thing i mean if you look
at the stair capacity in the system on
the australian egypt side it's something
like six seven eight percent of what we
are seeing receiving from russian gas so
it is the first small step but we need
other steps we need more exploration in
israel more infrastructure to be built
israel had frozen gas exploration as it
tried to meet renewable energy targets
but the search for alternatives to
russian fuel has offered the israeli
government too lucrative an opportunity
to turn down
the eu is also committed to moving away
from fossil fuels
at the signing ceremony in cairo the eu
commission president suggested there was
long-term interest in partnering with
countries to its south and east
it is for us very important also to look
forward
into the new forms of energy and these
are of course the renewable energies
and here i must say you are in a very
lucky position
as you have the resources that are
necessary for
renewable energies in abundance the sun
the wind
so these will be the energies of the
future and the demand will be enormous
israeli gas is sent to cairo through the
arab gas pipeline it was designed to
pump gas the other way from egypt to
jordan syria and lebanon but egypt uses
its own gas now for domestic needs
egypt wants to become a regional hub for
the gas trade and israel can help that
happen but it'll be a couple of years
before europeans start using significant
amounts of israeli gas as there are
challenges in increasing production
capacity to cope with the new demand
bernard smith al jazeera west jerusalem