after the attack the US President Joe
Biden cut short a weekend trip and
returned to Washington DC now he's met
with his National Security team and says
us commitments to Israel remain Ironclad
Let's cross over to John hendren who's
also in Washington DC uh we do know that
the the US fully supportive uh of Israel
right now but only to a point
John that's right Joe Biden had put out
a statement
very supportive of Israel in general he
took credit for assembling uh US
battleships and planes in the region for
over a week he said
beforehand um but he also sent out the
message to the US would not be involved
in any direct uh attacks on Iran and he
also said that um this was a win he
conveyed the message to Benjamin
Netanyahu in a 25-minute phone call he
said nothing value was struck in Israel
which seems to be another way for him to
say stay your hand don't retaliate and
continue this escalation or at least if
you do retaliate uh make it a very
measured attack he hasn't said that
publicly uh but this is the the message
we're told that was conveyed to
Netanyahu the White House is very
concerned about this escalating and
they're also very concerned about US
troops and facilities in the Middle East
that could be be targeted and you heard
a little earlier that that was not just
an implicit threat but a direct threat
from Iran that the US had better not get
involved directly or its bases would not
be safe that's something that President
Biden is certainly thinking about right
now and of course yes as the morning
talk shows begin in a few hours time
we'll get more reaction I'm sure John
Hendon there for us in Washington
DC make sure to subscribe to our channel
to get the latest news from Al jazer