and India today's God of sant from
Israel brings you a report where a
72-year-old Israeli Army veteran keeps
his morale High singing Hindi songs
loves India hates a mass Terror carries
food and water but Israeli soldiers and
volunteers even veterans are coming
forward to contribute to the war
effort we are on our way to Southern
Israel the situation remains extremely
Grim if we were to talk about ashalon
ashalon was bombed um and targeted by
Hamas Rockets once again um and the dead
toll has crossed
1,200 the injured are more than 2,000
the situation remains extremely Grim as
Israel launches a swift Counterattack
but we're driving with a 72-year-old
veteran of the Israeli Defense Forces
and he tells us how he keeps his morale
up in these very difficult Circ
cumstances uh he's a lover of Hindi
movies uh sir you sing a lot of Hindi
songs uh Ellie Ellie again yes
yes Raj kapor Sami kapor you love how
many times did you see this movie long
time ago you know how many times did you
see this movie five time I got this
movie five time I like it 55 years ago
55 years ago and you like India I'm
right I like the people India people
India is not Hamas Hamas baby baby yeah
she listen to
me this good no I ask you this good no
children 5 years you take
him yeah this okay tell me this okay no
huh
no so that is how Ellie keeps his morale
high in in an adversity in a very
difficult situation uh I want Road uh
what you see on these roads are military
vehicles you also see a lot of U
civilian volunteers civilian vehicles
that are on this highway to the South
because everybody wants to volunteer of
the fighting force uh in Israel and
contribute in whatever way they can in
this war effort we are on our way uh to
some of the most difficult areas of
Southern Israel to be able to get you
those ground reports about how people
are tackling the Hamas threat despite
the bombing despite the multiple
bombings that have been carried out
perhaps will there be a ground assault
that remains to be seen but this is how
people here are keeping their moral high
G of sa on the road to Escalon in
southern Israel for India today