the Arab League meeting took place in
the League's headquarters in Cairo the
foreign Ministers of the Arab Nations
slammed Israel for its Siege on Gaza
they further demanded that Aid be
immediately allowed to enter Gaza during
the Arab League foreign ministers
meeting they called for the immediate
dispatch of food Fuel and humanitarian
Aid to the Gaza Strip and they further
urged Israel to reconsider its unjust
decision to cut the electricity Supply
and water to Gaza during the emergency
meeting the Arab League Chief Ahmad Abul
warned that there was a serious
possibility that the situation could get
out of control he further called for
both sides to exercise self-restraint
Israel has cut off the water supply food
electricity and other essential supplies
to Gaza this after Saturday's massive
assault by Hamas militants that killed
thousands on both sides and in
retaliation Israel has been relentlessly
bombarding the gaza's STP for 5 days now
air strikes are ripping apart
residential buildings mosques factories
and shops in the Gaza Strip Gaza is one
of the the most densely populated places
on the planet the 362 Square km strip of
land is home to approximately 2.3
million people Gaza officials say that
over 1300 people have been killed since
Israel started the air and artillery
strikes and officials also saying
approximately 535 residential buildings
were destroyed in the Gaza Strip leaving
around 250,000 homeless reports further
saying Israeli war planes destroyed over
22,000 housing units 10 Health
Institutes and 48 schools since the
attack started on
Saturday we are now available in your
country download the app now get all the
updates on the move