Israel's National Planning and Building
Council approves the advanced plans for
more than 3,500 new homes in settlements
in the occupied West Bank and this
approval it comes as a response to a
West Bank attack that happened nearly 2
weeks ago and during this attack at
least one Israeli was killed and over 11
were injured about 70% of the homes will
be built east of Jerusalem with the rest
in nearby Kadar and ephat south of
Bethlehem higher planning committee of
the Civil Administration approved
Advanced plans for the development with
over 2400 in Mali adumim at least 690 in
ephra and 330 in Kar this is the first
time since June that the development of
housing units in the West Bank have
advanced however the Palestinian
Authority condemned them Israel has
built about 160 settlements housing some
700,000 Jews since it occupied the West
Bank and East Jerusalem in the 1967
Middle East War the vast majority of the
International Community considers the
settlements illegal under international
law although Israel disputes that and
Israeli Prime Minister Benin Nan's
faride government has promoted the
settlements causing friction with one of
the country's key allies the United
States which is also Tel aviv's biggest
backer in its ongoing war with
homas in February US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin said that Washington
deemed West Bank settlements
inconsistent with international law
reverting to a US position that had been
overturned by the administration of
former for former US president Donald
Trump blink's statement came after us
sanctioned for Israeli settlers in the
start of February apart from America
France to announced sanctions against 28
Israeli settlers whom it accused of
committing human rights abuses against
Palestinian
civilians the United Kingdom also joined
the list and announced sanctions on four
Israeli settlers 2023 was an exception
in terms of promoting construction plans
in the West Bank over 12,000 housing
units were approved or advanced in the
planning phase last year peace now which
is an Israeli non-governmental
organization estimates that this is the
highest number since the signing of the
oso
[Music]
Accords