[Music]
fifteen-year-old tarik zubaider hasn't
left his bed for two weeks
he's barely able to walk after he was
kidnapped and beaten by israeli settlers
in the by a west bank town of dahir
tariq says he and his friends went for a
picnic near the former settlement of
hamesh
when a group of settlers approached they
tried to get away his friends managed to
escape but the settlers hit him with
their car and kidnapped him
they caught me tied me up and hung me
from a tree they beat me with a stick on
my legs for at least 10 minutes suddenly
they cut the rope and i fell down they
brought the cigarette lighter from their
car and started to burn my heels they
cut skin off my feet with a sharp blade
they hit my head with a stick then i
fainted
here in his house tariq is safe but he
is haunted by the memories of the attack
when i'm alone i start thinking about
what happened that day and i start
sweating and my heart starts racing i
can hardly breathe
at night i have nightmares and start
shouting they killed me they've killed
me when i wake up i can't go back to
sleep again
after the attack target awoke in an
israeli army jeep
the army doesn't deny it happened but
accuses stark of provoking the attackers
by throwing stones at them which he
denies
when envoy tarwenisland has urged israel
to investigate but so far to no avail
this is the road leading to the village
of since march 2020 at least seven
violent attacks on palestinians have
been recorded in this area all carried
out by israeli settlers nearby is the
former settlement of homage which was
dismantled in 2005 but continues to be a
source of tension it's the home of
homage first known as one of israeli's
most violent settler groups
ngo say the children says attacks on
children often have severe long-term
psychological effects
so these kind of incidents they lead to
fear they lead to
sort of lost potential so these
incidents are
are quite dangerous and they
they have a damaging impact on children
tariq says that during the attack he
believed he was going to die thankfully
his body is now healing but he has
unseen wounds that may remain with him
forever mustafa hostiato world occupied
west bank
[Music]