with the US continuing its diplomatic
Outreach in the wake of Israel's
Crackdown against Hamas new reports now
suggest that President Joe Biden has
been invited by Israel's prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu to visit Israel on a
solidarity visit but the White House
continues to Be watchful of the
unfolding situation while White House
officially has declined to comment on
the invite President Joe Biden in an
interview said that any move by Israel
to occupy the Gaza Strip again would be
a big mistake since the war the United
States has vowed to show unwavering
support for Israel and that is not just
in terms of escalating diplomatic
relations but also by bolstering its
Firepower in West Asia now the Biden
Administration until now has ordered the
aircraft carrier Gerald R Ford alongside
five guided missile Cruisers and
destroyers and also a second US aircraft
carrier which is all said to join the
fleet and this Fleet is being positioned
near Israel to Det any other players
from getting involved here in the
conflict earlier Biden outlined the US
military assistance being sent to help
Israel in its fight and said he would
ask Congress to take urgent action as
well however after his third phone call
in 4 days with prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu Biden promised more
interceptors used by Israel's Iron Dome
missile defense system the US president
further said that he is confident that
Israel will act under the rules of War
in its conflict with
Palestine now the last few months have
witnessed a complicated relationship
between Biden with Netanyahu with the
Israel leader failing to even get a
White House invite here as Israel goes
ahead with its offensive the two
uncomfortable allies will be put to a
further test all this in the wake of
heavy diplomatic Outreach by US
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin who's
now scheduled to return to Israel he is
expected to hold talks about the way
forward after several days of shuttle
diplomacy between Arab states now the US
top Diplomat since wednessday last week
is on his West Asia crisis trip and has
met diplomats from Qatar Saudi Arabia
bahin the United Arab Emirates and
[Music]
Egypt