moving on israel was one of the first
countries to offer four doors of the
covet 19 vaccine to people or a second
booster and now a latest israeli study
has revealed that the fourth dose of the
faizan moderna vaccine against covert 19
is only partially effective against the
latest omicron variant of the virus
these revelations were made after
israel's largest medical center the
sheba hospital conducted trials in
december last year on the fourth dose of
the covert 19 vaccine by inoculating 154
hospital personnel with fisa jabs and
120 other volunteers with moderna doses
and declaring the preliminary results
the hospital published a statement it
said and i quote the trials have shown
that the vaccines are safe and have
shown to produce substantial antibodies
it further said and i quote again the
vaccines are only partially effective in
defending against the omicron variant
reiterating on the findings professor
gilly
yokai
who has been leading the study has said
that there has been an increase in
antibodies after administering a fourth
dose but it only offers a partial
defense against the omicron variant she
further noted that the vaccines are
extremely effective against the earlier
variant
the initial results on the trials have
now raised questions about israel's
decision on offering a second booster
shot to people above the age of 60 years
according to the israeli government more
than 500 000 people have received their
second booster shots in recent weeks
apart from this the israeli prime
minister naftali bennett has approved a
decision of cutting short the kovat 19
quarantine time from seven days to five
days
israel was one of the first countries
last year to widely vaccinate its
population its latest booster campaign
for older population is also believed to
be the first kind the first of its kind
in the world
[Music]
beyond world is one is now available in
your country download the app now and
get all the news updates on the move