Israel and Hamas are reportedly close to
a possible Tru deal for an initial
release of dozens of hostages held by
Hamas in Gaza Israel meanwhile denied
that any such agreement was being
considered Kim jonga has the
latest according to algad and Israel's
wiet a Hamas official told the Arabic
newspaper that a pause in the fighting
in the Gaza Strip will come into effect
at 11:00 a.m. on Monday local time as
part of an agreement to release hostages
held by Hamas weet reported that an
Israeli official denied the report
saying there had been no such agreement
The Washington Post reported over the
weekend that the deal was quote a
detailed six-page set of written terms
that would require all parties to the
conflict to freeze combat operations for
at least 5 days while an initial 50 or
more hostages are released in smaller
batches every 24 hours meanwhile the
Israel Defense Forces has released a
video of an underground tunnel at the
DAR arifa Hospital compound the largest
medical facility in Gaza the video that
was filmed on Friday begins outside the
tunnel shaft and into the inside showing
a tunnel extending some 55 MERS
underground the IDF said the underground
tunnel had the stairs a blast prooof
door and a firing slot that could be
used by snipers it also released CCTV
footage from the hospital showing
alleged Hamas militants dragging other
men inside the building Hamas was hiding
and murdering our hostages in chifa
hospital Hamas was building Terror
tunnels underne shifa Hospital the IDF
confirmed that these men were Thai and
nepes Nationals who were taken to the
hospital Following last month's attack a
senior Hamas official denied the
claims they claimed this hospital was a
command center control Administration
and domination an issue which is much
bigger than just a tunnel where is that
there's nothing of that
sort meanwhile an Israeli military
spokesperson indicated on Friday that
IDF operations would Advance into
Southern Gaza but did not indicate the
timing this comes after Israeli forces
have largely succeeded in taking control
of Northern Gaza a total of 31 premature
babies from the same Hospital were
evacuated on Sunday to gaza's southern
city of Rafa the babies will be
transferred to Egypt Kim Jang news