some Israelis have expressed relief that
Donald Trump is ended years of us
appeals to accept a Palestinian state
you're gonna see a lot of love you're
gonna see a lot of love
Naftali Bennet leader of Benjamin
Netanyahu's biggest coalition partner
who advocates and xing parts of the
occupied West Bank tweeted after 24
years the flag of Palestine has been
lowered from the mast and replaced by
Israel's flag now to look forward and
shape a new strategic concept to suit a
new reality but former Israeli prime
minister a hood Barak predicted a dark
future the Israeli right as usual he
wrote is choosing self-delusion they
would have to be blind or fools to be
happy
Palestinian leaders say the new American
stance won't help conclude any final
deal those who believe that they can
undermine the two-state solution and
replace it with what I call one state
two systems maintaining the status quo
now apartheid I don't think in the 21st
century they will get away with it
others think the time may be ripe for a
different approach than the failed model
of bilateral israeli-palestinian
negotiations the focus now will not be
bilateral just Israelis and Palestinians
but multilateral a regional approach
involving not only Israel and the
Palestinians but also America's Arab
allies notably Saudi Arabia and Egypt in
response to the President's request
Netanyahu told Trump he's ready to
consider a pause a new settlement
building on the West Bank
but not in occupied East Jerusalem by
balking on his promise to move the US
Embassy to Jerusalem Trump may be
heating warnings of the consequences
we've heard even that some and the
Israeli security structure also would be
apprehensive about what might happen if
we move the embassy what what the the
risks and the threats might be still the
Trump administration is indicating it's
willing to give up the American role of
honest broker in this conflict
Tom Ackerman al Jazeera Washington