and alist is live in Jerusalem afternoon
to you Ali well that's the point isn't
it it's just going to go on for a
while yeah and the latest um death toll
on the Israeli side that we have
received been reported by media over
here shows a very dramatic rise in the
number of Israelis killed in the last 24
hours it's now around 600 Israelis
killed uh the number of wounded as well
well over 2,000 uh and so these figures
are
just Unthinkable for
Israelis you travel around the country
today and there is a palpable sense of
shock amongst uh people as they just try
and work out what on Earth has happened
the streets are incredibly quiet uh most
of the shops and businesses are shut
schools are shut as well under an
emergency order delivered by the
government uh and yet Israel has not yet
got full control back of its own
territories there are a number of
fighting points in southern Israel
fighting ongoing between Israeli
security forces and Hamas
militants there is air strikes happening
in Gaza at the moment they haven't
overnight you saw in my report they've
continued throughout today I I don't get
the sense though we've started yet to
see anything like what the Israeli
response will be in Gaza and the first
thing they will need to do is get
control of their territory once more
before they really uh move in Gaza in
any meaningful way there is a lot of
conversations about there being a land
uh Invasion I think that is looking
increasingly likely but they've got a
very complex situation to consider when
you factor in there are a considerable
number of hostages Israeli hostages
inside Gaza civilians and soldiers I
gather that Israel has perhaps asked
Egypt to help meditate uh mediate sorry
the release of some of those um captured
but there's no progress on that at the
moment and so what they are now
facing is a security situ situation of
the like that they haven't done for for
decades perh perhaps even ever I mean
there are so many elements of what's
happened in the last 24 hours that are
unprecedented it is still ongoing and
there is a great concern that some of
the Hamas militants who made it across
the border yesterday will have
disappeared into Israel and will operate
as sleeper cells