before the current conflict dominated
Global headlines there was another big
story out of Israel attracting
International
attention at the start of January last
year prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
unveiled sweeping changes to Israel's
Judicial System the laws would limit the
Court's power to overturn government
rulings it deemed unreasonable or
unconstitutional at the time Israel's
hard right coalition said the changes
were necessary to stop judicial
interference in
government the reforms I deliver will
strengthen the judicial system and
restore public faith in it it will
restore
order it sparked an unprecedented show
of Civil Disobedience that threatened to
undermine Israel's government the
demonstrations evolved into weekly
Saturday night protests and dragged on
for
months despite widespread opposition
Israel's parliament ratified the bill in
July concerns began to spread about the
implications on Israeli democracy even
amongst its stest allies as we've said
before as a lifelong friend of Israel
President Biden has publicly and
privately expressed his views that major
changes in a democracy should be if
they're going to be enduring must have
as broad a consensus as possible it was
in unfortunate that the vote today took
place with the slimmest possible
majority in a first for Israel's Supreme
Court all 15 justices convened to hear
appeals against the bill after almost
four months of deliberations it's
announced its ruling in a majority
decision the Court ruled in favor of
quashing the law saying it would cause
severe and unprecedented harm to the
core characteristics of Israel as a
democratic State Israeli opinion polls
suggest prime minister netanyahu's
approval rating has slumped in recent
months and this ruling is likely to
compound his wo Melinda news seora trt
world