every single day we are bombarded with
bombs and each bomb that we hear we
think who did that bomb kill trapped
inside Gaza with no idea when she'll
even have a chance to leave zanab a
school teacher from Manchester and 10
members of her family are pleading for
help internet and phone signal is patchy
communication is limited and she says
even speaking to me like this is
incredibly risky it's very scary we we
everyone just just tries to do their
best
to stay together I don't want to go into
detail um over the phone but it's just
it's it's devastating like many foreign
Nationals stuck inside Gaza zanab and
her family made their way to the Rafa
Border in hope it would open but despite
several attempts they just can't get
through and with supplies now running
out the situation is desperate
the British authorities are in touch but
zanab says their help is limited and
frustrating she shares these messages Hi
zanab how are you doing for food and
water do you have any
injuries we don't have much she says we
barely eat and drink as there's nothing
left water is a luxury that we are not
privy to I'm really sorry we are really
trying to get people out of Gaza through
the Rafa border but we aren't hearing
anything about when it will open but we
are doing our best to push them to open
it back in Manchester and zam's Mom can
only wait for her daughter to
return um my biggest fear is
that they're going to get hurt or
injured or worse and the more time pass
that
passes the the bigger the likelihood
that will happen the foreign office told
us that the safety of British Nationals
remains our top priority we are working
closely with Egypt and Israel to ensure
all British Nationals who want to leave
Gaza can but zanab is scared she wants
to be back with her family in the UK
instead she has no idea when she can
escape life in a war zone inam man
rashed Sky News
Manchester