let's give you a sense of the terrorists
that Israel is targeting as far as this
Palestinian Terror organization Hamas is
concerned that includes Basim Isa who in
fact is hamas's Gaza City brigade
Commander he is said to have been killed
by Israeli Defense Forces also Javad Abu
shamla minister of economy as far as the
Hamas is concerned he has also been
neutralized by Israeli Defense Forces
there is zakara Abu mamar who is the
head of international relations he has
also been taken out by Israeli Defense
Forces there's Muhammad Abu shamla who
is a senior Hamas Naval operative who
again has been killed by Israeli Defense
Forces as far as their offensive action
against Hamas is concerned after
Saturday's attack so it's day six of the
Israel Hamas War now Israel remember is
already ramping up in it's offensive
against Hamas the Palestinian Terror
organization it's day six of that war
and Israel is at the moment pushing
through with that offensive against
Hamas terrorist Israeli troops have now
been mobilized near Gaza so they've been
mobilized over there Israeli Prime
Minister Benyamin Netanyahu has formed a
war cabinet and has vowed to wipe out
Hamas terrorist from Gaza now the
Israeli military has released footage of
strikes in and around Gaza City the
video show what the idea for the Israeli
Defense Forces say is the twatting of a
terrorist who has been identified in the
sea in the Gaza Strip Israel has also
deployed the menac rocket for its
counter operation now targeting not just
Gaza buildings but also the Hamas
military Center but it's not just that
Hamas Terror continues to bleed Israel
this time targeting Israeli airports
forcing civilians to duck for cover and
bringing departures from from Tel Aviv
to a grinding halt multiple footages
that showed also Gaza firing a barrage
of rockets into Israel as the war
continues to rage on