all right let's look at how markets
opened this morning after Iran's attack
on Israel over the weekend now Asian
stocks fell on Monday tracking a broad
decline on Wall Street in anticipation
of an imminent attack by Iran now stock
benchmarks in Japan South Korea and
Australia declined this comes after the
S&P 500 suffered its worst session since
January on Friday Aid a flight to safety
Chinese equities are set for a tough
week after missing the Nations trade
data Friday even if the global risk mood
does improve and geopolitical tension
subside Chinese stocks may see headwinds
of their own to overcome Sunday saw thin
trading volumes cause modest losses in
Saudi Arabian and katari stock markets
after Israeli stocks ended in green
after fluctuating between losses and
gains nine
times Rising tensions in West Asia
threaten to add to the Market's
unpredictability this comes when
investors are already unsettled by
persistent inflation and the possibility
of higher for longer interest rates now
some analysts predict that oil prices
might rise over $100 per barrel as the
war drags on investors are fleeing to
safe havens like the dollar gold and
treasures and treasuries pardon me while
the stock market continues to plummet
while Iran said the matter can be deemed
concluded Traders are now waiting to see
if the conflict spirals into a
widespread Regional War still nerves may
be tempered following a report that
President Joe Biden told Israeli Prime
Minister Benin Netanyahu that the United
States will not support an Israeli
Counterattack against Iran oil Shrugged
off Iran's attacks with gains held in
check by speculation that the conflict
would remain un remain contained Bren
crude is already up almost 20% this year
and last traded around $90 a barrel
[Music]
oh