[Music]
two israelis have been sentenced to 21
years in prison for murdering a
palestinian teenager in 2014.
sixteen-year-old muhammad abu qadir was
abducted in east jerusalem he was killed
in an apparent revenge attack after the
murder of three israeli teenagers the
convicted pair were minors at the time
of the murder mukherjee's death was part
of a wave of violence that led to the
gaza war back in 2014.
let's get more on this with adiz tiazan
who is live for us in west jerusalem
edis
tell us a bit more about what's happened
today at court and the reaction from abu
kadiyah's family
well as you've pointed out the incident
actually happened in july 2014. so this
court case has been going on for the
past a year and a half and it's
certainly one of the most highly
anticipated uh court cases for the
palestinians because it triggered such a
huge
wave of violence at the time and now
today basically the first sentence was
delivered in the court case and this is
only for the two miners who were
involved this is important to note that
the main suspect has his own case
ongoing separately but the first
sentence was given was handed down to
these two minors who were involved who
were already found
found guilty in a previous hearing at
the end of november so today the judge
at the jerusalem district court ruled
that one minor would get a lifetime in
prison and the second minor received a
reduced sentence of 21 years in prison
and both of them
will have to pay
the amount of about 7 700 dollars to the
family of a book there but obviously
clearly this hasn't really satisfied the
family because right upon the
announcement the mother of muhammad abu
there cried out in the courtroom today
and said where is democracy where is
justice they clearly along with the con
the prosecution they demanded a lifetime
sentence for both of the minors but this
is not just the issue that the fact that
the second minor got away with less the
real issue is uh the fact that the main
suspect who is a 31 year old yosef haim
ben david who is still pleading a sanity
plea and it's not even clear whether
he's going to be convicted okay adis
many thanks for that update adis
thiassen joining us there live from
jerusalem