a final vote to dissolve israel's
parliament has been postponed to later
today it will be the end of israel's
24th parliament which will end prime
minister nathalie bennett's year-long
tenure the dissolution of kenneset will
trigger israel's fifth election in less
than four years
the final approval of the dissolution
bill was initially expected by midnight
but it has now been postponed to
thursday as coalition and opposition
lawmakers sparred over last-minute
legislative details ahead of the final
vote on the bill naftali bennett has
announced that he would not stand in the
upcoming elections however bennett will
stay as alternate prime minister
as steps to revive stall talks and
tehran's nuclear program are on bennett
will be responsible for iran policy
israel opposes a restoration of the 2015
agreement under which iran was given
sanctions relief in exchange for checks
on its nuclear programme
[Music]
is
last week bennett moved to dissolve the
parliament after in fighting made his
ruling coalition no longer attainable
elections will likely be held either on
october 25th or november first once the
call for a snap election gets the final
approval israel's foreign minister yar
lapid will take over from bennet as the
prime minister lapid will oversee a
caretaker government with limited powers
while he will also keep the foreign
minister's portfolio but even as
lawmakers grappling over the exact
election date the campaign has already
become dominated by the possible
comeback of former prime minister
benjamin netanyahu netanyahu's record
reign was ended by lapid and bennett a
year ago when they formed a rare
alliance now with the collapse of the
diverse coalition opposition leader
nathan yahoo has been again in the
spotlight despite being on trial for
corruption netanyahu hopes to win a
sixth term in office
surveys have shown his right wing liquid
party leading the polls but still shot
off a governing majority the
anti-netanyahu camp will likely be held
will be led by lapid who has sought to
cast netanyahu's potential return to
office as a national threat
[Music]