the Middle East has been very much front
of Mind in Washington Iraq's top
politicians are in town but the growing
conflict between Iran and Israel
dominates from the White House US
President Joe Biden looking to claim
joint credit for beating back the
hundreds of drones and missiles fired
towards Israel as you know Iran launched
an unprecedented aerial attack against
Israel and we mounted unprecedented
military effort to defend Israel
together with our partners we defeated
that attack the United States has
committed to Israel security we're
committed to a
ceasefire that will bring the hostages
home and preventing conflict from
spreading beyond what it already
has Iran had warned of a response after
Israel sent missiles into its diplomatic
compound in the Syrian capital of
Damascus killing several people
including at least one top military
commander what happened at the weekend
is the first time Iran has directly
attacked Israel and that's the biggest
US worry this Sparks a much wider
conflict and it gets Dragged In by
pledges to defend Israel we have been
coordinating a diplomatic response to
seek to prevent
escalation uh strength and wisdom need
to be same the same sides the different
sides of the same
coin I've been in close uh communication
with counterparts in the region and we
will continue to do so in the hours and
days
ahead it's been suggested Iran widely
flagged its operation deliberately
making it more symbolic than impactful
but the US rejected the idea it got
advanced warning of what when and where
we were not given specifics by Iran uh
and to my knowledge uh any specifics in
terms of exact times dates um you know
we obviously have a robust intelligence
network uh that provides uh indications
and warning as far as the US is
concerned the military did its job at
help protect Israel and blunted Iran's
attacks but now from here its diplomatic
headquarters it's working overtime to
try and keep this conflict contained
using all the levers it has to urge
restraint from Israel as well as seeking
support for a new package of sanctions
to send a message to Iran Alan fiser Al
jazer
Washington make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer