Hamas has continued to fire Rockets from
Gaza and Israeli forces are battling
Palestinian fighters who remain H up in
several Israeli towns it is uh by far
the the the worst day in Israeli history
never before have so many Israelis been
killed by one single thing let alone
enemy activity on one day and if you're
Americans and want to compare this to
Something in American history then this
could be a 9911 and a Pearl Harbor
wrapped into one the surprise attack
from air and land came while hundreds of
people were attending a music festival
in Israel near the Gaza
border 260 Festival goers were killed an
unknown number kidnapped Israel's Army
has not released a specific number but
hamus officials say dozens of Israelis
are being held captive in undisclosed
locations across the densely populated
Gaza Strip and the families of the kid
kidnapped are calling on the Israeli
government to help find their children
10:00 she called us and said Mommy we
were both they shot at us the car was
shot we canot drive everybody hears is
hurt there were four kids in the mle
kids they were 23 25 30 everybody was
shot they were bleeding and she was
talking to me and said mommy help us we
don't know what to do and I'm on the
phone with her and I'm saying H we love
you it's okay we are trying to find a a
way to take you out of there we are
selling people and I know I'm lying
because I don't have answers and we
didn't have any answer nobody had
Israeli Prime Minister benam nany has
promised to destroy Hamas ability to
govern and take revenge calling on the
people of Gaza to leave but where the
bated territories 2 million residents
are expected to go remains unknown Musta
world occupi this
[Music]
Jerusalem