more forcefully with intensity that's
how Israeli Prime Minister Benyamin
Netanyahu described Sunday the advances
of his troops in
Gaza in order to achieve all our goals
the elimination of Hamas the return of
all our abductees and the promise that
Gaza will never again be a threat to
Israel Netanyahu also thanked the United
States for Ving a un Security Council
resolution last week that would have
called for an immediate
ceasefire US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin explained the decision when
interviewed Sunday on ABC's this week
show with Hamas still alive still intact
uh and again with the stated intent of
repeating October 7th again and again
and again that would simply perpetuate
the problem as Blinn stress the
importance of providing Israel the
support and weapons it needs to defend
itself he made it clear it is not
without conditions those rules apply to
Israel as they do to any other country
including uh the way they're used uh and
the need the imperative of respecting
International humanitarian law but as
the civilian death toll continues to
rise in Gaza the United States stance
has been strongly criticized at The daha
Forum which is held every year to
discuss World challenges it's not up to
Israel only it is those who have G those
who have given the Israelis the greenest
of the green light to continue killing
the Palestinians in the United States we
had a very blunt conversation with with
with with secretary blinkin uh all of us
the Arab and Muslim delegation were very
clear our priorities are are are are are
set stop the aggression allow sufficient
humanitarian uh supplies into all parts
of Gaza ensure protection of of of
civilians un Secretary General Antonio
gutterz also a forum participant said
he'll continue appealing for a
humanitarian ceasefire to be declared
and from Geneva the chief of the World
Health Organization Pedro sanum Gabus
warned about the impact the war is
having on the health environment in the
gasa strip as more and more people move
to a smaller and smaller
area
overcrowding combined with the lack of
adequate Food Water Shelter and
sanitation
are creating the ideal conditions for
disease to spread he noted his
organization has deployed teams to
support health workers on the ground who
are physically and mentally
exhausted Veronica vasas vaa News
Washington