the news that's just coming in on the
warf front the United States has now
sent its second aircraft carrier to the
Mediterranean second US aircraft carrier
deployed near
Israel in a statement the US has said
the aircraft has been sent to deter
hostile actions against Israel now the
United States has been supporting Israel
since day one we had seen how the
President Joe Biden in a statement had
said that hamas's act was an act of
Terror and that the United States was
standing with Israel and now the second
aircraft has been sent to the
Mediterranean this is the second US
aircraft carrier which has now been
deployed near Israel the aircraft
carrier has been sent to R hostile
actions against
Israel those images that you see on your
screens is the help that the United
States is now sending to Israel in fact
the president presid of United States
Joe Biden was amongst the first world
leader who had sent out a message and
said that the terror attack by Hamas on
Israel was something that the United
State condemned and they also had said
that they are standing with
Israel and now we are seeing that the
second aircraft carrier those visuals
that you see on your screens uh United
States aircraft carrier has now been
sent to the Mediterranean the United
States is now helping Israel in this war
this is in fact the second United States
aircraft carrier which has been deployed
near
Israel now as the war between Israel and
Hamas has entered Day N we are seeing
how help is being given to Israel United
States has now sent its
second aircraft carrier those Imes that
you see on your screens this carrier has
now been stationed near Israel in a
statement by the United States they are
saying that the carrier has been sent to
deter hostile actions against Israel
Israel on the other side has been giving
out warning signals to the citizens on
the Gaza
Strip and said that you need to
evacuate