as the conflict between Israel and Hamas
militant group rages on the death stll
continues to rise in Israel more than
1200 lives have been lost most of them
civilians and over 3,000 have been
injured a multifrontal war is now
threatening the West Asian Nation the
war atrocities are not just confined to
large cities but have also reached
smaller Israeli communities according to
the Israeli Defense Forces the fighting
now spans three fronts Gaza Lebanon and
Syria creating a complex and challenging
situation in the south on the border
with Gaza the nation is continuously
battling the Hamas militant Group which
carried out the surprise attack on
Saturday Israel's Counterattack has now
killed at least 950 injuring over 5,000
around 1500 Hamas Fighters have also
been killed who entered Israeli
territory during the
attack now on the northern border the
IDF reported that Lebanon Terror
organization Hezbollah launched another
attack several Rockets were fired from
lebanon's end the attacks have been
dealt with by the Israeli forces but at
the cost of human
lives on the northeastern border Rockets
were fired from Syria and according to
the IDF the sources of the attack still
remain
unclear the ID F has now deployed their
forces extensively across these borders
as per the official figures over 300,000
recruits into Israel's reserved forces
have been mobilized Israeli troops have
been reinforced with additional infantry
Special Forces artillery tanks and the
Air Force to take on further attacks the
IDF says that it is now preparing for
the next mission to strip Hamas of its
military capacity the troops say they
stand they stand determined
to bring stability and security to the
[Music]
region