the first fuel trucks make their way
through the Rafa Crossing into Gaza but
Aid agencies say the 24,000 leaders
that's arriving is just a drop in the
bucket compared to their needs and the
UN says Israel has put conditions on the
delivery it can only be used to refuel
Aid trucks not Hospital generators nor
the pumps at water and sanitation
facilities since the war started
hundreds of thousands of Palestinians
have fled South putting enormous
pressure on the hospitals operating
there the head of Unicef made a trip to
the Enclave to see the dire conditions
firsthand it's a desperate situation and
that's that that is the bottom line I
was in um conun and I went to a hospital
there called alnaser I think you know
the doctors and the nurses there are
doing their best but it's obviously a
very dire situation UNICEF is working
hard to get water and supply medical
supplies in but it's very very
challenging adding to the Daily misery
torrential rain in Southern Gaza many of
the displaced are living in tents and
they offer little protection from the
elements I in so you don't know what to
do we survive the bombardment but we
will not survive the winter and Rain our
children will get
sick the entire tent is filled with
Rainwater
we are already suffering a lot and the
heavy rainfall increased our suffering
our mattresses are no longer usable and
we don't have extra clothes to change
our wet
clothes meanwhile Israel continues to
pound the Gaza Strip with air strikes
Every Day brings a fresh horror of
bodies buried in the rubble while the
injured are rushed to nearby hospitals
the scenes of Devastation spurring a
growing demand for a ceasefire in Gaza
oh