let's move on in the water on Gaza Strip
famine looms as thousands of
Palestinians await more8 in the latest
isra has announced the preparations for
floating Pier now as the world tries to
supply Aid to Gaza in recent weeks the
work has begun to accommodate a floating
pier in Gaza for humanitarian Aid
Especial efforts are being made on the
layout of the area for receiving the aid
in Gaza now Israel says the area covers
67 acres of land according to the IDF
the these efforts began with a
collaborative Workshop involving
American Partners who contributed to the
initial planning
design according to reports the pier
will initially facilitate the delivery
of 90 truckloads of international Aid a
day into Gaza eventually rising to up to
150 truck loads once it is fully
operational according to the Pentagon
the US troops are also helping in the
construction of the floating Pier about
1,000 American troops will support the
military effort including coordination
cells in Cyprus and Israel US forces
have been ordered not to step onto the
Gaza show as per reports a third party
will be driving trucks down the pier on
the beach the United Nations world food
program has agreed to lead the aid
delivery effort but its Deputy executive
director has raised his concerns they
say the group must be able to operate in
a safe and secure way moreover according
to a reports citing United Nations
official the port will probably have
three zones one controlled by the
Israelis where AID from their peer is
dropped off another where the aid will
be transferred and a third where
Palestinian drivers contracted by United
Nations will wait to pick up the aid
before bringing it to the distribution
points on the other hand a three ship
flotilla planning to reach Gaza with
some 5,000 tons of humanitarian aid from
turkey has been preventing from Sailing
by guineas authorities they have also
taken down their flags from the two
ships following the action taken by
guine Bas authorities a press release by
the freedom fella Coalition described
the cancellation of the vessel's
registry as blatantly political move
adding that without a flag they cannot
sail for all the latest news download
the weon app And subscribe to our
YouTube channel