a New Day in Israel but the
unprecedented attack by Iran has left
this country feeling
shaken school and University have been
cancelled for security
reasons students Talia and Simona have
met up in this Cafe to discuss the
crisis I hope we'll be smart enough that
it won't get worse and I think last
night was a big
um win a big win for us anyways because
our army safe
we were both very very scared we were on
the phone but I think after October 7th
nothing's really I feel like we already
seen the
worst the events of October the 7th are
still raw but the attack last night has
increased that sense of
vulnerability Israeli people they feel
trapped with what's happening we woke up
the kid at 2: a.m. and we ran outside
cuz there was no bump shelter in the
house uh and yeah you have to like
reassure the kids that everything will
be fine even though you are
frighten for many Israelis then this is
a pivotal moment people go about their
business as normal but this is the first
time in history the nation's been
attacked directly by Iran Israelis were
expecting something there had been
numerous security warnings in the days
leading up to the attack but the size of
it has shocked many and attention now is
focused on what will be Israel's
response at Channel 12 the station has
switched to continuous rolling
coverage military experts and
journalists discuss the crisis on a
program called Israel at War the panel
is trying to decipher what will happen
next I don't think people are happy
today it's not a cheerful hey we beat
them no this is not the circumstances I
don't think because we have no idea if
it if it is behind us and to be honest
with you we still we have the front in
the South with Hamas and there is a
front in the north are we done with Iran
or what will happen if Israel decide to
retaliate um is it going to drag to um a
broader war in the region and you have
to bear in mind we are more than six
months in a situation of War it's not
something that only started last night
it started October 7th the next 48 hours
will be crucial but the Jewish state
stands on the brink of War with a major
regional power Israelis are used to
living under threat but this is new and
these are difficult
days Alex Rossy Sky News Jerusalem