[Music]
a
strong message from the international
community to the United States Jerusalem
cannot be recognized as Israel's capital
at an emergency session at the UN
hundred and twenty-eight countries voted
in favor of a resolution to effectively
make US President Donald Trump's
decision on Jerusalem null and void
Palestinians have called it a victory
today's vote is a victory for the
Palestinian people to the Arabs to the
Muslims to the free people around the
world strong words were exchanged ahead
of the vote Israel labeled it yet
another empty Israel resolution no
General Assembly resolution will ever
divide us from Jerusalem the US
ambassador repeated an earlier threat
that the US would cut funding to
countries which backed the resolution
the United States will remember this day
in which it was singled out for attack
in the General Assembly for the very act
of exercising our right as a sovereign
nation
we will remember it when we are called
upon to once again make the world's
largest contribution to the United
Nations and we will remember when so
many countries come calling on us as
they so often do to pay even more and to
use our influence for their benefit
turkey which sent its foreign minister
to New York for the vote say such
threats are unacceptable despite all the
pressure threatening bullying and even
insult as you saw the statements at the
plenary today and from now we will spend
more effort to make sure that the state
of Palestine is recognized with is 1960
borders it's not clear if the US will
follow up its rhetoric and retaliate in
the end only seven other countries voted
with the US and Israel against the
resolution 35 abstained Trump's
unprecedented decision on Jerusalem has
led to dramatic action here at the
United Nations leaving the United States
isolated on the world stage and further
away from playing a central role in the
Middle East peace process it is Tian
Shan TRT world United Nations
[Music]
you