in the meantime the recent surprise
attack by Hamas on Israel has raised
questions of failure and accountability
within the Benjamin netanyahu's cabinet
chuong
explains there is growing criticism of
the Benyamin Netanyahu government in
Israel for failing to prevent the
surprise attack by hus on October 7th
The Daily isra Newspaper haret reported
on Thursday local time that Israeli
education minister yuf
that this incident happened under the
current government and they will take
responsibility for it the minister also
emphasize that no one can escape
responsibility including himself as a
government member this is the first time
a Cabinet member has publicly admitted
to government's responsibility before
this cabinet members has generally
avoided giving public statements about
the hamus attack on the same day the
Israeli Parliament desset approved of
the emergency the United government
including a number of centes opposition
lawmakers with a vote of 66 in favor and
four against however the leader of the
largest opposition party former prime
minister y laid refused to participate
though he mentioned that he would
support War efforts from outside the
government considering the country was
in a wartime situation previously Nano's
government had passed a law eliminating
the Supreme Court's authority to Rune
government decisions had considered
irrational reducing the judiciary's
powers Netanyahu argued this was to
prevent judicial interference in
politics but the move faced intense
opposition in Israel and from abroad the
centu opposition National United party
also vigorously opposed the legislative
changes but its leader Benny gun
emphasized the party's support for the
war renowned Israeli historian yva Noah
Harari wrote in a column for the
Washington Post that many Military
Officers and experts had warned the
government that natan's policies were
putting Israel in danger by ring his
deterence
power news