this blurry Drone footage released by
the Israeli military appears to show the
moments leading up to the raid on the
alifa complex tanks heading for the
compound accompanied by soldiers on foot
and this video filmed by a doctor at the
hospital purports to show the
aftermath these are the damages left
after an Israeli air strike on alifa we
don't know if it is safe to move forward
look at this air strike that targeted
the place where patients and doctors are
the department as you see the air
condition devices were destroyed and the
devices that are needed to adjust
temperature with an ICU since the start
of the conflict in Gaza thousands of
civilians have taken shelter at
hospitals Across The
Enclave but Israel says some of them
including alifa are being used as
command centers by Hamas a claim backed
up by the US Hamas and Hospital
officials deny the
allegation
shifa is a hospital that is older than
the occupation itself and it houses the
sick and injured and doctors and nurses
the arrival of the occupation St to
shifa is not an achievement shifa is a
medical and civilian building and not a
military site whatever the truth the
Israeli raid is receiving widespread
condemnation Israel's military incursion
into alifa Hospital in Gaza City is
totally unacceptable hospitals are not
Battleground
we're extremely worried for the safety
of staff and patients protecting them is
Paramount wo has lost contact with
health workers at alifa hospital but no
apologies from Israel's prime minister
seen here meeting troops about to join
the operation in Gaza benim Netanyahu
said the mission to destroy Hamas was
exceeding
expectations we were told that we would
not break into Gaza broke through we
were told that we would not reach the
Oscars of Gaza City we arrived we were
told that we won't enter shifa we
entered there's no place in Gaza that we
will not reach there's no hiding no
shelter no refuge for the murders of
Hamas the fear is that many more
civilians will die in the
process John brain trt world