what we have unfortunately seen is many
innocent people lose their lives over
the course of the last 40 and 72 hours
and the lives of an innocent Israeli to
me equal to the lives of an innocent
Palestinian and many innocent people on
both sides I'm afraid were seeing a
losing lives and that cannot be
justified in any way shape or form terms
of my own family uh Andrew been sick
with worry my father-in-law and
mother-in-law who are from Scotland live
in dunde traveled to Gaza about a week
ago where my father-in-law's mother 92
years old frail elderly he went to visit
her probably for the last time and
they're trapped in Gaza and they're
being told by the Israelis to leave Gaza
they're being told that Gaza will be
effectively turned into Rubble but they
have nowhere to go they can't leave Gaza
is under blockade and even with the
assistance of the foreign office they
cannot guarantee any safe passage to any
of the borders and therefore you can
imagine my wife and I are sick with
worry about whether or not frankly our
parents are my in-laws Will Survive or
not and we're getting messages through
but of course as you probably heard the
Israeli defense minister said that
they'll cut off electricity food and
supplies and the last message I got from
my mother-in-law was that um they only
have supplies for two days um they have
four grandchildren one who's only two
months old they're worried about baby
milk baby formula for that young child
so they only have about two days worth
of supplies and number afraid this uh
war will last longer than two days I
suspect and they're being told to leave
told that there will be destruction in
Gaza my family have nothing to do with
Hamas my mother-in-law is a retired
nurse from n BS my brother-in-law who
lives in Gaza is a doctor in a hospital
nothing to do with Hamas nothing to do
with the terror attacks we saw but they
are along with a lot of other gazin
potentially going to suffer Collective
punishment and that cannot be justified
the innocent killing of innocent of
whether they are Palestinian or whether
they is really simply cannot be
justified