over in the Middle East as Israel
intensifies its ground operations in
Gaza its forces are now engaged in urban
Warfare which could lead to even worse
casualties on both sides chuong has
more about 10 days after the expansion
of Israel's ground offensive in Gaza
Strip as troops and now involved in
urban Warfare prime minister netan made
an official statement in Tuesday
announcing that the Israel Defense
Forces after en cycling Gaza City with
conducting Urban operations inside and
it's month Long offensive against
toas Gaza City is encircled we are
operating inside it we are increasing
pressure on Hamas every hour every day
we have killed thousands of terrorists
above ground and below
ground defense minister Gallant also
announced the same day that the IDF was
now in the heart of the Gaza City City
this is the biggest city in the central
area of the Gaza Strip and is controlled
by Hamas which uses set as its main base
Gallant added IDF troops and combat
engineers moved into the Gaza Strip from
the North and South using armored
vehicles and tanks IDF spokesperson Rio
Admiral Daniel hagari said the IDF has
hit more than 14,000 Hamas Targets in
the region destroyed more than 100 tels
and captured 4,000 weapons which is sad
were hidden in civilian infrastructure
he reiterated Israel's stance of no
ceasefire despite international calls
for an humanitarian PA in the fighting
with Israel's ground offensive in the
Gaza STP becoming official the United
States and Israel have expressed
differences over the issue of Palestine
governance after the war Washington wed
once more against the reoccupation of
Gaza following Nano's comments that
Israel will have indefinite overall
security responsibility there National
Security Council spokesperson John Kirby
said President Joe Biden still does not
believe that the IDF reoccupying Gaza is
good for the country Kirby said while
the US agrees that it's impossible to go
back to the pre-october 6th situation
before Hamas launched as terrorist
assault in Israel the two allies didn't
have to agreed on all operational
strategies however the United States has
repeated that it backs Israel's right to
defend itself and will continue to
provide support CH news