meanwhile Iran has sworn revenge on
Israel after blaming it for a deadly air
strike on its Embassy in Syria on Monday
following which Iran supreme leader ayat
Ali K has now warned Israel saying that
they will be and I'm quoting here
slapped
tiolis the defeat of Israel will
continue their desperate attempts like
what they did in Syria they will be
slapped for that of
course
the strike in Damascus which was
reported on late Monday evening
destroyed the embassy building and
killed at least 13 people including
seven Iranian military personnel and six
Syrian
Nationals so while Israel has frequently
struck Iran linked Targets in Syria
Monday night's attack would be the first
time that it has directly hit an Iranian
diplomatic
building Israel on the other hand has
not confirmed or commented on the attack
yet after the attack Iran also pointed a
finger at the US charging that it too
bore the responsibility for the attack
because of its support for Israel and
responding to Ran's allegations the
White House said that the US had no
involvement in the strike and that they
did not know about it ahead of
time further to that on Tuesday Israel's
defense minister without mentioning
Monday strike spe specifically said that
Israel is fighting and I'm quoting here
a multi-front war and to make it clear
to everyone in West Asia Galant added
that anyone who tries to threaten Israel
will pay the price take a
listen first we are currently in a
multi-front war both in defense and
offense we see evidence of this every
day including over the last few days we
operate every everywhere every day in
order to prevent our enemies from
gaining strength and in order to make it
clear to anyone who operates against us
all over the Middle East that the price
for an action against Israel will be a
big
one clashes between Israel and hisbah
along the Israel Lebanese border have
increased since the war in Gaza began
nearly 6 months ago in January Iran
fired Iles at what it called an Israeli
spy base in Northern Iraq in response to
the assassination of another of its
commanders in
[Music]
Syria