welcome to my crib this special forces
Soldier was shot in the legs after
charging into a Hamas attack on a kabut
in southern Israel two weeks ago I look
straight seen burning buildings
destroyed
vehicles and a lot of dead
corpses most of them were children and
women the soldier said he rescued an
elderly couple from their burning home
they both look at me terrified their
face are black eyes red eyes uh dve
voice really damaged people damag closed
his unit then hunted for Hamas Fighters
still in the area of ber that's when he
was
shot I got three bullet holes two in my
left leg in my calves the second the and
the third shot was on my right leg the
young man's now recovering at a hospital
just outside Tel Aviv it's just expanded
a rehabilit ation area for wounded
soldiers in anticipation of a ground
Invasion by Israel into Gaza that will
doubtless lead to more
casualties we're going to deal how many
that we need for how long that we need
we know how to do it and we're going to
be
here a need to bring back security to
local communities like this one close to
Gaza that were targeted by Hamas on the
7th of October is a key reason behind
Israel's war they cut it they cut it in
five places and then they splitted some
of them went around the swimming
pool okay from both sides and many of
them were killed in
a in a in a playground just on the other
side of the of the swimming pool an
officer in this Kubo showed us around
theion people here had a lucky Escape as
they fought off the militants until the
Army arrived but it's not yet safe to
return and what about here do you think
people will ever come back here and I
think alumim eventually will come back I
think it will happen after us as as as
as the Israeli Army will do what needs
to be done back at the hospital the
wounded soldier says he's determined to
get back to the front line and if you do
recover will you go back and fight
hell
yeah hell
yeah Deborah Hayes Sky News Southern
Israel