must be what have they done to deserve
this a woman cries out as people gather
around those who died following an
Israeli air strike on a camp in central
Gaza where the grief and heartache is
palpable enough find a solution for us
this man says surrounded by the ruins of
his neighborhood high above the nearly
unnavigable landscape of this war torn
region more Aid is being dropped down in
hopes of saving people from starvation
few as that may be we must take now
before it is too late well several
hundred Aid trucks were allowed into
Gaza on Wednesday Aid organizations say
a growing number of infants are on the
brink of death as their tiny bodies
struggle to function the body will find
energy to continue functioning at
whatever costs it is when even that
isn't possible anymore then the body
will shut down the toll taken on Gins is
only further raising tension between
Israel and its allies America's top
Diplomat is back in the region again and
will be in Israel on Friday to discuss a
ceasefire but also the strain in the
relationship between the two countries
notably on Israel's plans to enter Rafa
there should be no full-scale uh
military operation in Rafa without a
credible and executable plan Israel's
prime
minister says he's already greenlit one
although he adds it will take time it's
unclear what action Israel May face if
it were to cross a so-called Red Line we
are at a critical moment in this
conflict they agreed that the two of
them would stay in touch meanwhile
inside one of the last operating
hospitals in Gaza where Israel insists
Hamas holds an operational Center the
effort to root out militants breaks the
Silence of night and keeps this besieged
Enclave teetering on the edge of a
Calamity it may never recover from
Reggie Chini Global News Washington