[Music]
the Iranian drones arrived in Israeli
airspace just before 2: a.m. in the
morning these were intercepts over
Jerusalem the holy city was under attack
and the skies above a light with the
trails of Israel's air defense
system the region had been on edge for
days but this was a bigger far more
dangerous retaliation than many expected
the US government seemed to have warning
that the attack was coming President
Biden cut short his weekend by the Beach
in Delaware and flew back to the White
House to be with his National Security
team he was watching and monitoring
events from the situation room as the
attacks
unfolded the Israeli military warned
people to stay close to bomb shelters as
the nation
braced
buil dozens of UN aircraft were
intercepted outside the borders of the
state of Israel when the total number of
threats launched was over 200 the IDF
does and will do everything that is
required to protect the security of the
citizens of the state of
Israel as space was closed over Jordan
and Iraq flights in the air headed for
Tel Aviv were turned
back the US Embassy told its staff to
take shelter and schools in Israel had
been ordered to close for the next 2
days
the Israeli military says that the vast
majority of missiles were intercepted
outside the border of Israel but the few
that did fall within the country only
caused minor
damage the US president has condemned
the attack and what he says is the
strongest possible terms he has spoken
to the Israeli Prime Minister benim
Netanyahu and reaffirmed America's
commitment to the security and defense
of
Israel Iran's mission to the United
Nations tweeted to say that the matter
was concluded and warned the US and
Israel not to
retaliate the attacks were celebrated by
regime supporters in Teran they might be
satisfied by the response that Israel
might feel it has no choice but to
[Music]
retaliate this could still be just the
beginning