now after Canada Sweden it's now
announced that it will resume funding
the UN to the unrwa this development it
comes weeks after 16 countries including
the United States paused funding to the
UN agency after Israel Accused at least
12 of its staffers of being involved in
the October 7th Hamas attacks Sweden
will give the unrwa half of the $38
million funding that it had promised for
this year with more to come and in
return it's called for more checks on
spending of funds as well as its
stuffers the country's reversal came as
a ship bearing tons of humanitarian Aid
Was preparing to leave Cyprus for Gaza
International donors have launched a sea
Corridor to supply Aid to besieged Gaza
Sweden's funding decision followed
similar ones by the European Union and
Canada as the unrwa warned that if it is
left without funding it will leave Gaza
with even less medical and other
assistance on the eve of Ramadan hungry
Gaza residents scrambled for packages of
food supplies that were being dropped by
the United States and Jordanian military
planes humanitarian groups called the
delivery deeply inadequate compared to
the ground deliveries but the daily
number of Aid trucks entering Gaza since
the war it's been far below the 500 that
entered before the October 7th attacks
because of Israeli
restrictions the United Nations has
launched an investigation the unrwa has
been agreeing to outside audits to win
back donor support on the other hand the
Israeli foreign Ministry said that in a
statement that the return to funding to
rwa it will not change the fact that the
organization is part of the problem and
will not be part of the solution in the
Gaza
Strip for latest news download the Von
app And subscribe to our YouTube channel