is Han July watching television footage
of the October 7 attacks before leading
a prayer the leader of hamas's political
Wing since 2017 seen here in Qatar has
been living between the Gulf State and
turkey since going into Exile in
December 2019 born in a refugee camp in
Northern Gaza he rose through the ranks
and became prime minister of a
Palestinian Unity government in 2006
after winning legislative
elections Hannah year will be hard to
Target as will his predecessor khed
marel who has long lived in Exile Mel
resigned as hamas's political leader in
2017 but as one of its co-founding
members he remains highly
influential he survived an assassination
attempt in Jordan in
1997 after Israel gave into pressure and
provided an antidote in exchange for the
return of Israeli spies Michal currently
lives in Qatar another Target is the
leader of the Gaza Strip Yaya sinoa the
highest ranking Hamas official in The
Enclave he's suspected of being one of
the main architects of the October 7
attacks his ruthlessness earned him the
nickname The Butcher of Han yunice in
reference to 12 suspected informers he's
believed to have killed sinoa was
arrested by Israeli authorities in 1988
but was released in a prisoner Exchange
in
2011 Israel now believes he is hiding in
a bunker Isel henya de and Yaya senoir
all of them use these networks routinely
and in emergencies and at the beginning
of the war in October 7th they managed
the war from
there perhaps the most sought after yet
elusive of them all is Muhammad daf the
commanding officer of hamas's military
Wing is suspected of being The
Mastermind behind the October 7 attacks
this is the only known photo of him
nicknamed the guest Dave has dodged
several assassination attempts and
changes hideouts regularly taking
advantage of hamas's network of tunnels
he developed himself