new report shows the global economy is
making a very slow recovery after the
pandemic and the Russian invasion of
Ukraine now concerns growing over how
the conflict in the Middle East could
also impact the economy ABC business
reporter Alexis christopherus joins me
now for more on this Alexis we saw a
spike in oil prices almost immediately
after this latest round of conflict
started how is that impacting the
broader economy well we did see that
initial Spike up about 4 and a half% but
since then prices have come back a
little bit because oil Traders like the
rest of the world are trying to
understand the scope of this war and
unlike the situation with Russia and
Ukraine Israel and Gaza in and of
themselves are not major oil producing
areas If This Were to uh grow to include
Saudi Arabia or Iran and Hezbollah you'd
see a much more aggressive reaction as
we did see when Russia invaded Ukraine
because Russia is a major oil producer
so major airlines have also stopped
flights uh to and from Israel how
significant is that well yesterday we
saw a big selloff in the major are
Airlines because that route uh is very
to Israel is very lucrative for a lot of
these Airlines we don't know when
they're going to resume uh their flights
there and remember airlines are also a
huge customer of fuel and if Energy
prices go up that could hurt their
bottom line but again the same as with
oil we're seeing those Airline stocks
start to bounce back a little bit today
all right business reporter Alexis
christopherus thank
you hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching