after 5 days considering its next move
Israel launched an attack on Iran in the
early hours of Friday morning the target
was an Airbase near the Central City of
Isfahan by first light the skies were
calm again this was filmed at the nearby
Isfahan nuclear facility not itself a
Target but by hitting close by Israel
had made a
point by breakfast time Iranian State
media was reporting that a few small
drones been shot down nothing has
happened everything is back to
normal the sound heard early in the
morning today in esphahan was not an
explosion it was our powerful Air
Defense Firing at a suspicious
object social media in Iran mocked
Israel's attack another indication that
the government was starting to play it
down Iran's president gave an address on
television later in the morning and only
had this to say on recent tensions with
Israel striking Israel was necessary
obligatory unifying and a source of
Pride and power for our great country
there has been no official comment from
the Israeli government although the
far-right national security minister
benir put out this tweet describing the
strikes as feeble Israel's allies who
this week had been urging restraint were
noticeably koi today I'm not going to
speak to that except to say that the
United States has not been been involved
in any offensive operations calm heads
should Prevail any significant
escalation in the region is not what
anyone needs it wouldn't be in anyone's
interest there have been no reports of
casualties from the Israeli attack and
Iran State tv hasn't shown any video of
damage caused Benin Netanyahu would have
been given a menu of options for a
response against Iran by the IDF on the
more provocative end of the scale would
have been a strike against Iran's
nuclear facility
lower down an attack on Pro Iranian
militia in Syria for example in one year
he would have had the extreme right-wing
elements of his Coalition demanding that
Israel take out a strong response in the
other ear the US president and other
Western allies telling him to take the
win and walk
away in the end he sided with nther and
chose something in the middle a limited
response which Iran appears to be
brushing off alist bunkle Sky News in
Jerusalem