Iran's attack with hundreds of missiles
fired simultaneously was
unprecedented so is the international
cooperation to intercept them with the
US Jordan and Britain working together
say Israeli security officials as the
International Community urges restraint
some in Israel say the Jewish state must
respond I think that uh we cannot uh
leave this uh open file without U
summary itation but uh the kind of
itation is going to be measured in the
sense that Israel doesn't want to lead
to a regional War Israeli media Reports
say two former Chiefs of Staff in the
war cabinet Benny Gans and Gotti Eisen
Cott wanted to strike back at Iran while
the Iranian attack was underway but
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu said no other Israeli
intelligence analysts say the damage was
limited and Israel can choose not to
respond further I'm sure Israel will be
able in the future
to retaliate in Iran in a different way
we have a lot of capabilities and I
think it will be much
more devastating for the Iranians if
Israel succeeded and Israel has to
contribute to that in order that it will
work uh succeed to um change the
architecture of the mid list in a way
that will be uh that will be understood
that Iran is with its proxies but all
the others are actually cooperating
against Iran in its proxies Iran's
attack came as Israel is under growing
International criticism for the
humanitarian crisis in Gaza that has
left hundreds of thousands of
Palestinians facing famine the US has
been pushing Israel to accept a
ceasefire that would lead to freedom for
the remaining 129 Israeli hostages that
Hamas militants took hostage on October
7th although it's not clear how many are
still alive there is concern in Israel
that retaliating against Iran could lead
to even more pressure on Israel to
withdraw from Gaza before it has reached
its goals Linda gradstein vaa news
Jerusalem