the Israeli military released video
footage showing what it claims are Hamas
weapons and military equipment it
uncovered in gaza's sha Hospital a few
hours ago and we have cleared the area
make sure that it's safe and a few of
the most interesting things that we have
found totally confirm without any doubt
that Hamas systematically uses hospitals
in their military operations in
violation of international law and what
we have found I think is only the tip of
the iceberg you'll see the rest of them
here follow me as we go in and we will
see the MRI Center and see the weapons
that Hamas has hidden
inside this is where patients come in
order to get a more secluded
area and the lighting here is out so
we're using flashlights you'll be able
to see are is military equipment there
is a an
AK-47 there are cartridges am ammo uh
there are grenades in here here so we're
still in the MRI center the backpack was
found in here and medical gear uh it
seems as if there's no real shortage
because there's a lot of equipment here
but and when our troops open this uh
closet here which is in the main part of
the clinic this is what they found these
weapons have absolutely no business
being inside a hospital
the only reason they're here is because
Hamas put them here because they use
this place like many other hospitals and
ambulances and sensitive facilities
inside the Gaza Strip for their illicit
military
purposes after a dayong search the Army
released a video showing what it claims
were several AK-47 automatic rifles
ammunition grenades protective vests and
other
equipment
um another MRI
machine another MRI machine we'll be
able to extract quite a lot of
interesting intelligence
from contents of the bag are full
military kit for one Hamas terrorist
alive
before we go on let's have a look at
what we found inside the very same
cabinet that houses medical equipment
you can see all kinds of standard
military medical stuff we found another
now there's Insignia military insia the
knife for those of you who read Arabic
you'll be able to understand what it
says here but it's Hamas the military
Wing K Kasam tactical radio
communications which we will analyze
Lots of discs which will be analyzed and
a computer which at first glance already
provides a lot of incriminating
evidence