[Music]
during Ramadan in the third holiest
sight for Muslims Israeli police forces
used batons in the butt end of their
rifles to beat worshipers the police
shared their own video of the raid but
theirs didn't include any images of
worshipers being attacked a statement
was issued saying security units were
forced to enter the mosque after masked
agitators locked themselves inside with
fireworks sticks and stones and refused
to leave I was praying and I was sitting
on a chair reciting the Quran they
hurled stun grenades one of them hit my
chest
the Al-Aqsa mosque is on a Hilltop in
the old city of occupied East Jerusalem
the mosque is on the southern part of
Temple mount the holiest site in Judaism
with the start of Passover Israeli
forces also said they were clearing the
site based on visiting rules to ensure
there weren't hostilities between the
two groups a poor and thin veil for
abuse according to Canadians for justice
and peace in the Middle East it's not
just because of the fact that religious
holidays are happening is because the
context is occupation the context is for
repression following the raid and
arrests of hundreds of worshipers
rockets were fired from Hamas controlled
territory in the Gaza Strip
most were deflected by Israel's Iron
Dome and then fire returned the U.S
Jordan Turkey and Canada have all
condemned the violence against
worshipers we need to see Israel the
Israeli government shifting in its
approach and Canada is saying that as a
deer and close and steadfast friend to
Israel Canadians for justice and peace
in the Middle East want to see actions
such as an arms embargo with Israel
something the NDP leader called for back
in 2021 when a nearly identical chain of
events led to a bloody 11-day war given
Israel's far-right government there are
fears the Flames of conflict are only
just beginning to be stoked Crystal the
mansing global news London