more than 4,200 people have been
displaced from villages in South Lebanon
by clashes on the border with Israel and
local officials said Friday that they
are ill prepared for the much larger
Exodus that would ensue if the limited
conflict escalates to an allout
War I hope things will calm down but the
things you see in the news are an
reassuring because these zionists are
not calm do you see the massacres
happening in Gaza this is not a war this
is a
genocide this is Zionist War regime that
is not distinguishing between a fighter
and a child I can expect anything
because they are not taking into account
any
human
some 1,500 of the displaced are staying
in three schools in the coastal city of
T about 20 km 12 Mi north of the border
the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah
and Allied Palestinian groups in Lebanon
have launched daily missile strikes on
Northern Israel since the outbreak of
the latest Israel Hamas war on October
7th while Israel has responded by
shelling border areas in South Lebanon
to date the clashes have killed at least
22 people in Lebanon four of them
civilians
for now we don't have enough stop if a
lot more displaced come because if they
come what can I give them so that's why
we are pushing for NGS and estate to
give supplies for the future because if
the situation evolves we can at least
give people a mattress to sleep on and a
blanket any escalation it's always the
most vulnerable and the children who are
Shug in a dire situation and uh really
we need to think of them Lebanon have is
going through so many crises and
difficulties and uh which need to to to
ensure that they could um at least
continue to go to school at least
continue uh to have proper Health
immunization
and
support