the war in Gaza continues to escalate
while leaders are making constant trips
to West Asia in a bit to strike a truce
deal between Israel and Hamas amid this
Palestinian Authority prime minister
Muhammad sh has called on Hamas to join
the Palestine Liberation organizations
political program this approach by the
Palestinian Authority comes as a
backdrop of a long-standing rivalry
between the PA and Hamas the PA earlier
governed both the West Bank and the Gaza
Strip however after a Civil War in 2007
the militant group forced out the
Palestinian Authority which we're
calling the PA out of the besieged strip
and since then the PA governed the West
Bank and Hamas the Gaza Strip the ties
between the two authorities are so low
that even the communication between the
PA and Hamas are carried out indirectly
through Egypt and Qatar US Secretary of
State Anthony blinkin Held talks with
katari Emir and Qatari prime minister in
Doha this is after he met Egypt's
President in Cairo during a lightning
trip to four countries in under 24 hours
in Hot Pursuit of the war's first
extended
truce the Palestinian Authority is under
pressure from the Biden
Administration Biden's government has
asked the Palestinian officials to fight
corruption and Institute political
reforms earlier in an oped US President
Joe Biden said that lasting peace in the
region could only be achieved through a
reunited Gaza Strip in West Bank
governed under the revitalized
Palestinian Authority however Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin netanyahu's
government has repeatedly said that it
does not trust the PA to follow a
peaceful
coexistence in 2009 Netanyahu said a
Palestinian State can only exist in
theory alongside Israel nanahu hopes to
establish a new alternative government
in Gaza after the war meanwhile as this
debate rages
on this is
Gaza buildings schools hospitals have
been destroyed millions of gazin have
been displaced thousands are dead most
of them are children and
women weon is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the
move