[Music]
[Applause]
just 3 months before the new year when
the world was engrossed in enjoying the
festivities Israel 2 was all prepped up
for its 7day long Jewish Festival of
sakote but who knew these days of
festivals that used to bring joy to the
street would see Bloodshed and bodies
scattered on the road on October 6th as
Israelis were wrapping up their Jewish
Festival of sakote the horrifying sounds
of sirens echoed across
Israel thousands of missiles were
launched into the country by Hamas
militant group from Gaza the missiles
began raining down on indiscriminate
targets sparking Terror and leaving
thousands of bodies scattered on the
street the clashes between is is and
Palestine have been going on for years
so why now why did Hamas choose October
for an allout offensive against Israel
let's flip the pages of History to know
the
answer it was October 6th 1973 and also
the Hest day in Judaism called yum kipur
a coalition of Arab Nations launched
surprise attack on Israeli occupied
territories sparking the yamkipur War
battle lines were drawn and Israel went
on an offensive against the Arab
Coalition geopolitical tensions
escalated when then US president Richard
Nixon issued a global nuclear Alert in
the yamkipur war more than 2,500 Israeli
soldiers were killed 2 weeks and nearly
20,000 deaths later Israel emerged
Victorious with more land under under
its occupation than it ever had before
the start of the
war now coming back to the present
nearly after 50 years on October 6
2023 over 5,000 Rockets rain down on
Israel as the Gaza based Hamas group
announced the initiation of operation Al
AKA flood so what's the better than the
month of October that marked the 50th
anniversary of 1973 conflict along with
being the earliest month in
Judaism while many Israelis were
preparing to observe the shimcha Torah
which marks the end of the annual cycle
of public Torah the Hebrew Bible
readings Hamas put a dampner on the
festival by raining down thousands of
missiles and claiming hundreds of lives
by far more than 1,500 people died on
both
[Music]
sides
[Music]