the Arab back Security Council
resolution demanded an immediate
ceasefire in Israel's war on Gaza but
the US was opposed to it those
against
abstentions the result of the Voting is
as follows 13 votes in favor one vote
against one
abstention this was the third time the
US has used its veto power to block a
ceasefire resolution since Israel began
its war in Gaza last October the US
claims the resolution would negatively
impact ongoing negotiations to free the
hostages demanding an immediate
unconditional ceasefire without an
agreement requiring Hamas to release the
hostages will not bring about a durable
peace and for palestine's un Ambassador
Riyad Mansour the US veto was a bitter
reminder of how the US has historically
paralyzed the security Council on taking
action against what he called Israel's
genocide in Gaza it is absolutely
Reckless and dangerous against sh again
shielding Israel even as it commits the
most shocking crimes while exposing
millions of innocent Palestinian
civilians to its wrath and more Untold
Horrors the claim that a un Security
Council resolution would interfere with
the ongoing diplomatic efforts is
totally untenable given the situation on
the ground to remain passively evasive
on the issue of immediate ceasefire is
nothing different from giving the green
light to the continued
Slaughter the US has proposed a rival
resolution that calls for a temporary
ceasefire in Gaza as soon as practicable
and also warned Israel not to launch a
ground offensive in Gaza but it's not
clear when the US will submit it for a
vote Israel's un Envoy told the council
a ceas fire that allows Hamas to remain
in power means ensure death and
destruction Israel has given Hamas a
Ramadan deadline to release the hostages
or face a ground offensive in Rafa Frank
yardo trt world the United
Nations