sir now coming to the India part you
know a lot of Indians are also residing
there and now India is sending some
special uh flights to take them off how
do you see India's stand and India's
cooperation in this entire conflict
which has come on in enforced on you for
me it's it's a point of
optimism it's very emotional also the
level of support that we got from the
Prime Minister who in the same day in
Saturday when the full picture was not
even there yet among the first in the
world came out and tweeted a a very
clear condemnation and support to Israel
we will not forget that that is very
very important and then after speaking H
to prime minister netan Prime Minister
Modi G had another another ER very
strong ER tweet and that's the Prime
Minister I got here phone calls so
Minister said Ambassador you cannot
quote me because it's off protocol but
as a private person I want want to tell
you that we are with you we feel very
bad with what happened High officials
here the biggest businessman here wrote
To Me WhatsApp called me amazing
offering any kind of help but this is
only part of the picture regular Indians
look at my look at our social media of
the embassy it's it's amazing I I mean I
could have another ibf with the
volunteers everyone is telling me I want
to volunteer and I want to go and fight
for Israel I I serve in many countries
in the world very friendly countries to
Israel really this wide support strong
support is unprecedented for me really I
I'm I'm really moved and touched and I
also said it to people it's unbelievable
India and Israel the closeness is
something that I I cannot even explain I
don't know how to I understand it I
cannot explain it it's something very
emotional and very deep that it's beyond
any normal connections between two
peoples of countries something very
[Music]
unique