G
we uh as soon as we heard the news on
October 7th we started heading down
south um my men arrived here on uh the
night of October 7th we are a joint unit
of our reservist that are mostly
infantry and we're teamed up here with
uh armored cores as well and tanks and
uh we're preparing we're preparing for
any Mission or task that uh we'll be get
we'll be getting what's happened here so
on October 7th mortars were falling on
the kibuts and everyone went into the
bomb shelters the first uh responders
team that civilians from the kibuts took
the higher ground that defend the K on
that little uh building there yeah they
took the higher ground over there that
overseas uh the fence taking the higher
ground made it possible for them to
engage with Hamas terrorists over there
and not let them get all the way to the
K and now you're are getting bombed here
and right oh every night every night
every day all the time and if we expose
ourselves over there snipers are
shooting at us and anti active they're
still this is the front line this is the
most front unit right now of the IDF and
we are uh fighting daily and tell me
what about tunnels did you fight tunnels
of course uh Hamas terrorists have dug
themselves very well and they have many
tunnels including some who uh come out
in our uh on our side
it will be yeah I mean we are we're
prepared we're training we're ready and
uh you're right Urban Warfare is Pretty
Tough Urban Warfare is uh it's not an
easy
task yeah but we're uh yeah of course
there's good examples for that but I
will say that we're we're training also
on the Infantry level also in Joint
Forces with armored and air support and
uh Kamas terrorists better watch out cuz
we might have
surprises for
instance can't speak of those but also
there is a problem of the hostages
that's a challenge it's definitely a
challenge and we pray and hope for the
safety of our hostages and Kamas his
hands
action
is
are