I have condemned unequivocally the
horrifying and unprecedented 7 October
acts of Terror by Hamas in
Israel nothing can justify the
deliberate killing injuring and
kidnapping of civilians or the launching
of rockets against civilian
targets all hostages must be treated
humanely and released immediately and
without conditions it is important to
also recognize the attacks by amas did
not happen in a
vacuum the Palestinian people have been
subjected to 56 years of suffocating
occupation they have seen their land
steadly divor by settlements and plagued
by violence their economy stiffled their
people displaced and their homes
demolished their hopes for a political
solution to their plight have been
Vanishing but the Grievances of the
Palestinian people cannot justify the
appalling attacks by amas and those
poing attacks cannot justify the
collective punishment of the Palestinian
people we must demand that all parties
uphold and respect their obligations
under International humanitarian law
take constant care in the conduct of
military operations to spare civilians
and respect and protect hospitals and
respect the inviolability of un
facilities which today are Sheltering
more than 600,000 Palestinians the
protection of civilians is Paramount in
any armed conflict protecting civilians
can never mean using them as human
Shields protection civilians protecting
civilians does not mean ordering more
than 1 million people to evacuate to the
South where there is no shelter no food
no water no medicine and no fuel and
then continuing to bomb the South
itself I'm deeply concerned about the
clear violations of international
humanitarian law that we are witnessing
in
Gaza let me be clear no party to an
armed conflict is above International
humanitarian law