we meet here uh today after a very long
and
uh uh emotional uh night uh for us uh
where uh we as a organization had the uh
amazing privilege of being able to treat
uh our brothers and sisters our
children um that have been kept captive
uh uh uh by the
Hamas last night after a very uh
confusing uh and stressful uh period at
around 3:30 a.m. uh we received um uh
these uh 12 uh captives uh children and
women um that came
back um they underwent uh a medical
evaluation and psychological evaluation
I am uh happy to say that despite the
fact that the uh harsh conditions they
have been under and the um experience of
captivity they did not um require any
emergent medical uh intervention we will
keep them here at the edmon suffer
Children's Hospital for as long as they
need uh and uh care for them
help them uh in their preparation of
coming back uh to their
communities um some of them uh have no
homes to come back to but they have a a
very significant and supporting uh
community that will uh uh embrace them
uh as the whole nation Embraces them uh
when they uh come
back um this is a pediatric hospital we
have a lot of emotional and significant
uh days here uh caring for children from
uh all
over um I've been doing this for many
years and I have to tell you that this
uh past night was one of the most
significant evenings and and nights for
me and I'm I feel privileged to be to
have gotten the the opportunity to be
here for these uh children and their uh
and their families I think uh I share
uh this with the other members of the
team we've been here for uh many hours
uh and I I think no team member has uh
has left they all stay uh trying to care
for this uh to these uh uh people to
these
children