in sub relief for people in Israel and
Gaza the peace deal has been extended by
two more days now this comes just as
before the 4day agreement was set to
expire over the next 2 days Hamas has
committed to releasing another 20 women
and children meanwhile fourth set of
hostages have been Fred by Hamas this
includes 11 Israelis including a
three-year-old twins now in exchange 33
Palestinians including 30 children and
three women were released from Israeli
prisons more trucks of humanitarian
supplies like food Fuel and medications
are entering the Gaza Strip as a part of
the PE steel however situation continues
to remain Grim with Israel prime
minister not backing down from his
pledge of eliminating
h
we welcome the announcement that the
humanitarian pause in Gaza now in its
fourth day will be extended for another
two days through Thursday morning Israel
time the humanitarian pause has already
brought a halt to the fighting together
with a surge of humanitarian assistance
now in order to extend the pause Hamas
has committed to releasing another 20
women and children over the next two
days we would of course hope to see the
pause extended further and that will
depend upon Hamas continuing to release
hostages the president has been deeply
engaged on this process throughout the
Thanksgiving weekend he spoke with the
Amir of cutter at a very critical moment
to help resolve an impass on the second
day of the pause and then yesterday he
spoke with prime minister Netanyahu with
a focus on working towards an extension
of the pause the extension that Frank
quite frankly we're seeing today 200
trucks were dispatched to the Rafa
Crossing and 137 trucks of supplies were
offloaded by the United Nations
reception point in
Gaza mov