thousands of Israelis living abroad
returned to join the 360,000 reservist
soldiers called up to fight in the war
against Hamas former Israeli paratrooper
Josh ulans was beginning his last year
of Law School in California but he
volunteered to come back when the war
broke out so the biggest reason I came
back was to be with my friends and my
team um I
I kind of struggled to imagine
continuing my semester in school um
knowing that my friends and my family
were out in the field um protecting the
country that we all love
um and I I just knew that I wouldn't be
able to focus on my studies much
less feel like I was doing everything I
could ulans is a lone soldier one of
thousands of Jews from abroad who
volunteer for the army with no immediate
family in Israel to support them at
least four lone soldiers have been
killed in the fighting in Gaza yet ulans
says that he feels safer in Israel than
on his and many other American
University campuses where there has been
a sharp increase in
anti-Semitism other Israelis living
abroad have left their jobs and families
to come join their Reserve units Ellie
who asked that his last name not be
revealed for security reasons left his
wife and four young children in England
as soon as the war started returning
only for a weekend to celebrate his
son's Bar Mitzvah and just this this
sense of of of mission of together that
you know goes beyond any any limits and
any dividers that used to be between
people in Israeli Society was just
tremendously positive and uplifting many
other Israelis have returned to join the
thousands of volunteers serving in
civilian Aid groups having lived and
worked in New York for the past nine
years physiotherapist tal speizman is
volunteering at an Israeli hospital to
treat survivors of the October 7th Hamas
attack there's so many of them there's
um a grandma that uh laid on her
grandchildren to try and save them uh
and have um injuries of um like shreds
of uh of a grenade that that have um
injured all over her uh
legs there's a lot of horrible injuries
uh in both civilians and in um in
soldiers those who have come back to
Israel to join the war efforts say they
have no idea how long they'll stay but
they have no intention of leaving until
the war ends Linda gradstein vaa news
Jerusalem