meanwhile people in Israel are back on
the streets yet again with this the
demonstrations against the judicial
reforms have entered their 18th
consecutive week as we speak the reforms
introduced by the government led by
prime minister benman Netanyahu Stan
haltered but demonstrations still
continue in the country on Saturday the
demonstrations were held across the
country where tens of thousands of
people participated in Tel Aviv which
has become the focal point of these
demonstrations the demonstrators marched
across the city waving national flags
some of the protesters also said that
the government's refusal to ditch the
reforms is taking a toll on the economy
they held large banners which displayed
sharp messages against Netanyahu
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
now at the project site some people
demonstrated by chanting slogans and
beating drums
foreign
[Music]
yeah
in other countries how it looks and I
don't want to live in such a country I
don't want to know that's generation we
live in this kind of such a situation
the demonstrations were also held in
other parts of the country in the city
of reward the demonstrators waved flags
and blocked a road ever since there
reforms were introduced back in January
this year Israel has plunged into a
crisis they have been met with huge
opposition as for a pole conducted by a
local media Outlet 74 percent of
Israelis think that the government which
is just five months old is functioning
poorly the reforms give the government
greater say over the Supreme Court as
well as the ability to pick judges the
government say that these reforms are
needed to curb overreaching powers of
the judges in the country but its
opponents argue that these reforms will
end the country's Democratic nature and
will also open doors for more corruption
these reforms have been put on hold for
giving time to president Isaac Herzog to
broker or compromise between the
government and the opposition but the
demonstrations continue as the
demonstrators demand complete revocation
of the laws
[Music]
thank you