for 11 days now the world has watching a
member state of this organization
brutally assaulting my people in the
Gaza Strip in 11 days Israel killed more
than 3,000 Palestinians including 1,000
children and injured many more half of
them women and children by air strikes
directly hitting their
homes Israel has not spurred a single
Palestinian family in Gaza those who
were not killed are injured those who
are not injured are
displaced and those had thought found a
safe haven in alahi hospital was
massacred does this make Israel feel
more secure now does this fulfill the
need for unconditional support to
Israel according to the UN families in
Gaza have been bombed by Israel while in
their homes or on their way in search
for a safe place along damaged roads
following an Israeli evacuation order
that left hundreds of thousands of
people scrambling for safety but with
nowhere safe to
go Israel resorted to unlawful
Collective punishment as a method of War
intentionally cutting fuel water and
electricity of Gaza and blocking the
entry of a humanitarian Aid
entire residential neighborhoods have
been raised to the Ground Homes schools
un facilities Health Centers hit by
direct and intense Israeli air strikes
there's no power no water no
fuel Food Supplies are running
dangerously low hospitals overwhelmed
with patients and injured are running
out of medicine morgs are or are
overflowing With Buddies buddies are
buried in Mass
Graves October 7th while celebrating the
Jewish holiday of sukot Terror choose
them with a message of hate and fear the
terrorists of Hamas came with arms guns
grenades purposely killing and wounding
families and abducting over 200 Israelis
Kamas is responsible for killing
families and brutalizing individuals
kidnapping innocent citizens without any
distinction or Mercy without any single
shred of
humanity this horror against innocent
men women the elderly children girls
babies persons with disabilities is more
than words can describe and more than
the soul can bear it it is important for
us to make it clear Israel is in a war
again against a terror organization
called Hamas not citizens not
individuals
[Music]