well the US is stressing the
construction of this port on the
Mediterranean Coastline will not involve
US troops inside Gaza itself there will
be no us boots on the ground instead
military personnel will be positioned
offshore we're told this will be an
emergency Mission which will involve
hundreds perhaps thousands of us
Personnel it comes as Biden faces a
backlash from Progressive and Arab
American Democratic voters and from
within his own Administration who all
have expressed anger at the lack of
support for Palestinians this port along
with a temporary peer will be able to
receive large ships carrying food water
medicine and shelters once complete
it'll mean hundreds of additional
truckloads of assistance can be sent
into Gaza each day the White House says
the US is not waiting on the Israelis to
make this port and the subsequent Aid
happen instead they say this is a moment
for American leadership what is unclear
is what other countries including Israel
will be involved in the ports
construction which is expected to take
several weeks to complete on Saturday
the US began airdropping ready to eat
meals into Gaza with 388,000 meals in
the initial delivery however with the
death toll topping 30,000 and
increasingly dire warnings coming from
the United Nations about the threat of
famine for Palestinians the Biden
Administration is trying to help but
also counter that criticism from po pro
Palestinian Democratic voters that Biden
has not done enough something not helped
by his staunchly pro-israel position his
advisers are now trying to show a
president offering humanitarian help to
the more than 2 million Palestinians who
are desperate need of assistance Nick
Harper sabc News
Washington