for many Israelis Maran baruti is a
terrorist who has jailed for his role in
the Palestinian Uprising in the early
2000s but for the Palestinians Maran
baruti is a freedom fighter who embodies
resistance against Israel's illegal
occupation of the Palestinian
lands when Hamas set out their
conditions for freeing the remaining 130
hostages baru's release was amongst them
hamas's demand has casted baruti back
into the spotlight time when Western and
Arab diplomats are debating to
revitalize the Palestinian leadership
once the war between Israel and Hamas is
over adding to that progress is US
President Joe B who said that
negotiations for a second round of
Hostage swaps could bear the fruit by as
early as next week although this
proposition by the American president is
now being rubbished by the other actors
the progress of Hostage swap was made
possible by Israel to finally consider
the the release of the so-called heavy
prisoners although it Still Remains
unclear whether they would be traded for
civilians or for Israeli soldiers who
are held captive so while the trade
remains underway for many Israelis and
especially for the far right politicians
the idea of releasing prisoners such as
baruti is beyond the pale that STS is
only hardened since hamas's attack on
the 7th of
October so as the war now stretches into
the fifth month and dozens of Israeli
hostages still remain in the custody of
Hamas the pressure on the Netanyahu
government is
mounting the Allies citiz the United
States and now pushing the state of
Israel to try and reach a deal and the
families of those who are held captive
have been increasingly vocal in their
demands that the Netanyahu government
must do more to bring home their loved
ones V is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move