after the European Union the United
States has now become the latest country
to pull up various social media
platforms for their failure to curb fake
news and disinformation US senator
Michael Bennett has written a letter to
Major Tech Giants such as meta X Tik
Talk and Google the reason Michael
Bennett wants to know what these Tech
Giants are doing to stop the spread of
false and misleading content about the
Israel Hamas conflict visuals from
orderer conflicts video game footage and
all Al documents have flooded these
social media platform since Hamas
militants attacked Israeli civilians on
October 7th in the letter Bennett has
written and this is a quote that
deceptive content has reted across
social media sites since the conflict
began sometimes receiving millions of
views Senator Michael Bennett has also
requested the company Executives to send
in their Answers by October 31st
meanwhile Tik Tok has said that it has
hired Arabic and Hebrew speaking content
moderators whereas meta which owns
Facebook and Instagram said that it has
removed or marked more than
795,000 pieces of content in Hebrew or
Arabic as Distributing in the first
three days of the Hamas attack both X
and Google owned YouTube claim that they
have also taken down harmful content
however Michael Bennett said that these
actions are not enough not just that
Bennett also slammed the four companies
for having laid off staff from their
trust and safety teams in the past year
after Elon Musk acquired X formerly
known as Twitter the company shelved
around 15% of his trust in safety staff
and dissolved a related Council meta too
laid off 100 similar positions in
January while Google reduced the size of
a team countering online hate speech by
a
third
[Music]