as tensions between Iran and Israel
simmer Reports say Iran has fast-tracked
its acquisition of S35 fighter jets from
Russia to Aid its ailing air fleet
according to state run Iranian media
reports the first shipment of the Su 35s
is due to arrive in Teran next week but
there has been no mention of how many
fighter jets are expected or the exact
date of delivery however it is widely
believed Iran will receive at least 24s
to 35s from Russia in total if reports
of the delivery of the 235s in this time
frame are true it could prove highly
significant since it coincides with the
highest tensions between Israel and the
Islamic
Republic the last time Iran bought new
fight Jets was in the early 1990s when
it acquired a fleet of MiG 29 a from
from Moscow to this day the bulk of the
Air Force consists of jets toan ordered
before the 1979 revolution in 1991 a
significant number of Iraqi Air Force
flew to Iran to evade destruction during
the Persian Gulf War but the aircraft
were confiscated by Iran but since then
there have been reports that the country
has not been able to modernize its Air
Force defense experts say Iran's fighter
jet Fleet is one one of the oldest in
the world following Russia's invasion of
Ukraine in February
2022 Moscow and tyan expanded their
defense relationship with Iran supplying
hundreds of single used drones Russia
pledged at least 2 doz Su 35s in return
the focus on the delivery of Russia's
fighter jets have once again come in the
spotlight after Israel's reported drone
attack near Iran's nuclear bases which
Teran has downplay while playing while
the timing of the Russian jet delivery
is suspect the big question is when will
Iran receive the S35 Jets and how will
it impact the current
situation for all the latest news
download the weon app And subscribe to
our YouTube channel