[Music]
Toronto's police chief embarrassed all
of Canada and for that reason he has to
go hi I'm Brian Lily political columnist
for the Toronto Sun it wasn't Toronto's
proudest moment on Saturday a reception
planned to honor Italy's visiting prime
minister Georgio Maloney was called off
because neither She nor prime minister
Justin Trudeau could make it to the
reception in fact many guests many
dignitaries including people like the
premier of Ontario Business Leaders
union leaders proud Italian Canadians
coming out to celebrate ties between
their countries couldn't get into the
venue because an angry mob of pramas
prot terrorist protesters had taken
control of it and the only reason they
were allowed to do this is that Toronto
police failed to do their job properly
you can see the video online of people
blocking doorways ways assaulting
assaulting guests and Toronto police
stood by and did nothing they didn't
have a perimeter set up they didn't have
a secure entranceway set up they didn't
have a place where people could protest
and have their voices heard without
blocking the doorways they failed to do
their job protecting someone like a
prime minister or a visiting prime
minister well that falls to the RCMP at
least on the inside of the event and the
RCMP would have had a hand in planning
with Toronto police service but outside
that is the responsibility of the local
police force in this case Toronto under
the lack of leadership of Chief myON
demq for months since October 7th these
angry Pro Terror mobs have taken over
the streets of Toronto and they've gone
further than is allowable under peaceful
protest they've done it many times and
demq and his Force do not actually act
until they're shamed into it for a
couple of months now have been saying if
demq won't do his job he should step
aside and let someone else do it well
we're pass that now it's time for the
chief to go he has lost my support he
has lost my confidence and I'm sure that
is the same for many citizens who are
embarrassed for what happened in this
city on Saturday let me know what you
think drop a comment down below share
this on social media and don't forget to
subscribe to our
Channel