we continued to track the release of
hostages from Gaza today 24 were freed
including 13 Israeli citizens 10 Thai
citizens and one person from the
Philippines they are now back in Israel
in the meantime inside Gaza the
temporary truce is holding the United
Nations says 137 trucks full of aid went
into the territory today the largest
humanitarian delivery since the War
Began Akram alati is a journalist
working inside
Gaza I think already the evening of the
day one of the truth between the
Palestinian factions and Israel
Palestinians from all different parts of
the Gaza SHP have been celebrating those
moments of a stoppage of the fire that
was non-stop for the last 48 days
Palestinians from different parts of the
Gaza trip from east kanun and west kanun
were moving the ones who moved from the
East to the West now are coming back to
the east to try to look for the deers
and for their belongings to try to get
some of the stuff that they left behind
find and Prov to be very needed in this
particular time according to the
Palestinian sources around 150 truck
loads were allowed into the Gaza the
three of which were cooking gas FS
cooking gas and Fels also the
Palestinians were trying to move between
the South and the North and they were
faced by an Israeli fire not allowing
them to move according to the
Palestinian sources the truck loads were
also allowed to move into Gaza City and
the North in an attempt to provide a
life-saving a humanitarian assistance
for the people who are waiting inside
Gaza and the north for that very
essential assistance in the meantime
after 12 hours of the Declaration and
taking effect of that ceasefire as you
can see in the background Palestinians
are actively moving in all different
parts of the Gaza Strip and are trying
to find their deals because according to
the Palestinian sources as well around
6,000 Palestinians are still miss
missing and still under the rubble of
their homes so for the Palestinians it's
a time to rest and it's a time to try to
find their deers and to find whatever
they can find under the rubble of their
houses or under the houses that were
already partially damaged because of the
ongoing bombardment that is journalist
Aram alui in southern Gaza