more inputs on this now moving our Focus
to the ongoing war in the Middle East
now amid Israel Hamas conflict US
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin has
reached Tel Aviv to push for
humanitarian pauses in the Gaza War now
he also urged Israel to do everything in
its power to protect its civilians
caught in the fighting in Gaza now
Israeli PM Benjamin n Netanyahu has said
that there is no possibility of a
ceasefire until all the hostages are
freed who are in the Hamas captivity are
completely released now Israel has urged
its citizens to reconsider trips abroad
and to exercise extra caution if already
out of the country citing an increase of
hostility towards Jews and Israelis over
the present conflict with Hamas in Gaza
now amid this the US has asked for a
push for humanitarian pause to the war
hisbah chief made a public address since
the War Began and said that his militia
is not debted by the US warnings to stay
out of the
war Israel has the right and the
obligation to defend itself and again to
try to make sure that what happened
never happens again no country no
country not the United States not anyone
else that I can think of would tolerate
uh the slaughter of its civilians so we
stand behind that uh and we stand behind
the proposition but as democracies um
the United States Israel
democracies have a responsibility to do
everything possible to protect civilians
who may be caught in In Harm's Way and
this again is a is a crossfire quite
literally of hamas's making the fact
that it cynically and
monstrously deliberately has people uh
men women and children as human Shields
um puts uh puts its uh command posts
puts its leadership puts its Fighters
puts its weapons puts its munitions
underneath hospitals or even inside them
schools mosques makes this incredibly
challenging but we have to rise to that
responsibility and so we will be talking
about concrete steps uh that can and
should be taken to minimize harm to men
women and children uh in uh in Gaza uh
and this is something that the United
States is committed
to well with all those news and updates
it's a wrap from our side stay tuned to
CNN news8 for more thanks for watching