10-year-old OD Ahmed Jin puts on a brave
face as family members and Friends mourn
the death of his younger sister
Raya I used to play with her and now I
miss her I lost my hope his
four-year-old sister was accidentally
shot by Israeli forces on January 7th
while riding with her mother in the back
seat of a chair taxi that was crossing
the checkpoint near the Bell of be EXA
Israeli Border Police say a car driving
behind the girl and her mother did not
stop to be inspected prompting Israeli
Security Forces to shoot at the car and
inadvertently hitting the car the girl
was riding
in we do not know why this happened we
were surprised by the shooting at cars
and rukaya was marted because because of
that how do I feel now I miss my
daughter she was my favorite daughter
and my youngest female
child Israeli officials said the
incident was under investigation vaa has
spoke with Jonathan CCS chief of
communications at UNICEF estate of
Palestine about the situation for
children in the West Bank 85 children
have been killed in the West Bank in the
past 12 weeks in the past 13 weeks
basically since the 7th of October that
is already the double of the Year 2022
living in fear has become a part of
daily life for children like OD who
sometimes confuse reports of the
fighting in Gaza with what is happening
in the West
Bank if I play outside I will die
because now they are bombing schools
universities and
hospitals
destruction Wars and killing are the
reason many children are deprived of
their childhood the closest example is
my daughter the children of Gaza the
children of Janine and the children of
the Palestinian people they are all
exposed to gunfire it's not just the
children also men Youth and
women information to which children are
exposed daily they know they know they
know they tell us every day how we can
learn every day and how we can live
normally and we see we see other
childrens in Gaza they children they die
every day in horrible ways so it's so so
hard for them this is why we are calling
all parties to uh basically restrain uh
uh uh uh and and do everything possible
to diminish this um conflict related
violence violence in with children are
the most
vulnerable selia menoa vaa news e
Jerusalem