moving on the Israeli military says they
found a Hamas Commander Center weapons
and combat gear at the alifa hospital
the announcement comes as the Israeli
forces raided gaza's largest hospital a
move the US denies giving Israel the
green life for has
more amid International outcry over
Israeli military operations in the area
close to alifa hospital the Israeli
military on Wednesday said it had found
the Command Center as well as weapons
and combat gear belonging to the
Palestinian militant group at gaza's
largest hospital Hamas strongly denied
the allegation calling it lies and cheap
propaganda however the Israeli Defense
Forces released a video showing some of
the items recovered at the hospital
including automatic weapons grenades
ammunition and flat jackets the
announcement comes as Israel has
repeatedly claimed that the hospital
sits above the Hamas headquarters a
remark the US has also supported citing
its own intelligence the White House
however denied giving Israel the green
light to carry out a raid on the alifa
hospital stressing Israel operated on
its own accord according to National
Security Council spokesperson John Kirby
on Wednesday the US did not okay the
military operations around the hospital
as the Israeli military acted in
accordance with their own establishment
procedures the comments come after Hamas
said the St in of the alifa hospital
represents an American green light for
the Israeli occupation meanwhile Qatari
officials announced Wednesday that they
are currently working on a deal between
Hamas and Israel that includes the
release of around 50 civilian hostages
from Gaza in exchange for a 3-day
ceasefire the deal which is currently
being coordinated with the us could
potentially see Israel release some
Palestinian women and children from
Israeli jails while increasing the
number of humanitarian Aid all out into
Gaza if realized it would Mark the
largest release of hostages since the
armed conflict began on October 7th EJ
adid news