more than 1,500 people have died in
Israel's week of air strikes on Gaza
Israel's Defense Forces say they only
target Hamas militants the buildings
they use and their tunnels think of the
Gaza Strip as one layer for the
civilians and then another layer for
Hamas and what we're doing now is that
we are trying to get to that second
layer nicknamed the Gaza Metro by Israel
the last network of tunnels may look
something like this they're used to hide
out or move around covertly and now
likely a place to hold some of the
hostages border tunnels to Egypt are
used to smuggle goods and weapons as
Gaza remains under blockade Hamas has
used tunnels to Israel to Stage attacks
in the past two years ago Israel
finished a Subterranean wall designed to
stop militants from tunneling into
Israel that may explain why Saturday's
attack appeared to take place at least
primarily above ground inside Gaza the
tunnel network is estimated to be up to
30 m deep it makes a huge
complication uh this is this is a very
difficult challenge military analyst
etan Shamir says the tunnels are thought
to be most dense in Northern Gaza from
where residents have been told to leave
he believes hostages are almost
certainly held in those tunnels but that
Israeli forces won't let that distract
them from targeting militants if you
start to take the the hostages situation
into
account uh it will it it the effect
would be total paralysis this is exactly
what what Kamas wanted Israel to to be
in in this corner drones and robot
technology will allow soldiers to detect
some booby traps underground even still
the sprawling network of tunnels could
make the coming days much more deadly on
both sides and potentially for hostages
too Redman channan Global News London