I mean the threat of an attack from Iran
Israel's northern border was in for a
barage of rockets coming from the
Lebanese side Israeli Defense Forces say
around 40 Rockets were launched from
Lebanese territory incoming Rockets
triggered War sirens in Galilee
Panhandle near the border and the
country's Iron Dome kicked into action
the IDF says some of the Rockets were
intercepted earlier suspected drone
infiltration Sirens sounded in other
nearby towns as well the idea are
Defense AR had also successfully
intercepted two HB explosive uavs that
is uavs earlier no casualties were
reported in that attack Iran B tbah has
claimed responsibility the group says it
fired dozens of catusa rockets at IDF
artillery positions in Northern Israel
this comes after Israel fighter jets
attacked military buildings of the
Lebanese militant group Hezbollah IDF
says that it targeted buildings in
southern Lebanon the Israeli military
has released these images which claim to
the targeted air strikes the Israel
Lebanon border has been witnessing
scalish between IDF and has baller
Fighters almost daily since the Israel
Hamas War Began on October 7th last year
over 300 people including civilians have
been killed on the Lebanese side 18 have
been killed on the Israeli side of the
Border thousands have been displaced on
both sides of the Border some experts
believe that Iranian attack may come
through its proxies Hezbollah is a
powerful part of the axis of resistance
an alliance of Iran back groups across
the West Asia Israel has bolstered its
defense along its northern border and
called
back its
reservists for all the latest news
download the weon app And subscribe to
our YouTube channel