my name is Rachel and I'm the mother of
HS Goldberg Poland who is a dual
American
Israeli civilian who was stolen after
having his dominant arm blown off on
October 7th from the Nova music festival
in Israel we have just come out of a
very
productive meeting with vice president
Harris who carved out time to meet with
us hostage families were're very
grateful for that we discussed a lot of
different things and one of the things
we talked about is that there is a
possibility of holding two
truths you can believe as we do that it
is horrible that innocent civilians in
Gaza are suffering and at the same time
you can also know that it is horrible
and against international law for
hostages to be held against their will
we are 6 months in on day
186 of course today standing in front of
the White House we are thinking of all
133 Souls who are being held there
particularly the eight American
civilians being held
there as well as people who we don't
hear about we don't hear a lot about the
eight Muslim Arabs who are being held
hostage also in that cohort of 133 you
don't hear a lot about the seven Thai
Buddhists who are being held there among
the 133 you don't hear a lot about the
two black African Christian young men
being held there in that 133 you don't
hear about the nepales about the
Mexicans about the argentinians about
the
French there are
133 cherished Souls who are being held
there and it is
time we don't want any more progress we
want results and we are so grateful and
thankful to the American Administration
and Congress for all of the
support but we need results we need our
people
home thanks for watching stay updated
about breaking news and top stories on
the NBC News app or follow us on social
media