this is the third time that the United
States has vetoed a resolution in the
security Council demanding a ceasefire
since the War Began the United States
looked really isolated in the council
chamber today the only country to show
it any support was the United Kingdom
which abstained diplomats say that the
United States also put pressure on other
countries South Korea and Japan to
abstain but that does not appear to have
worked the text put forward by Algeria
that demanded an immediate humanitarian
ceasefire it was backed by the Arab
Group which issued a statement lamenting
the security council's inability to stop
the war the Algerian Ambassador made his
case very clearly in the council he said
that ample time had been given for
negotiations and that voting against
this resolution implied endorsement of
the brutal violence and Collective
punishment inflicted on Palestinians he
trashed the US arguments that the
resolution would hinder the United
States diplomatic efforts to broker a
sustainable cessation of hostilities and
the release of hostages this has
consistently been the US argument that
it needs more time for sensitive
diplomatic negotiations only now this is
starting to ring Hollow with many
council members Russia's Ambassador said
that the number of dead has reached a
shocking threshold of 30,000 and pointed
out that when Russia first tried to get
a ceasefire resolution through the
security Council only 1,000 Palestinians
were dead but that uh members abstained
in order to avoid the wroth of
Washington while China's Ambassador also
had forceful words he said that vetoing
this resolution was giving the green
light to continued Slaughter the United
States has put forward an alternative
draft calling for a temporary ceasefire
and opposing uh major Israeli ground
offensive in Rafa uh now while this us
text does include the word ceasefire
which Washington's previously avoided it
does not call for hostilities to end
immediately the message from the
majority of security council members
this Tuesday is that time is of the
essence