[Music]
the ceasefire between the israelis and
palestinians has been greeted with
relief in gaza but the shilling has had
a lasting and devastating impact
the israeli military damaged or
destroyed more than 130 educational
facilities including schools
universities libraries and trade schools
and yet while the latest onslaught
displaced more than 120 000 palestinians
it was the u.n schools where many saw
refuge despite limited access to water
food and healthcare
we left our houses because of the
bombing there were maybe 160 fighter
jets bombing us and the house fell on us
and stones fell on us we ran out and it
was 2 a.m it became more like daylight
due to the bombardment and we escaped
and came to the school out of fear
but even before the latest war the
education system in gaza was in dire
straits israeli attacks and the ongoing
blockade continue to choke the education
system here
students their families and education
institutions have frequently fallen
victim to the conflict and the resulting
collective psychological trauma
continues to destroy the means of
education and the future of palestinian
youth
rularaba says her daughter is among the
students in gaza with few prospects for
a quality education and she says there's
not much out there that's giving her
hope
i don't know how i can make plans for
her high school or even plans for what
comes after high school will the country
remain threatened and will there be a
war that comes every few years to
destroy all that we have rebuilt this is
too hard
even if there were options
seventeen-year-old lujan anand says the
recent bombings dashed any motivation
she might have had to go to school i
thought about how i'm gonna leave my
house what should i take what should i
leave i didn't think about learning i
just think i just thought about how i'm
gonna live
so many of my friends have lost their
homes
and
my school has badly damaged the windows
are broken
the streets
when i see this view i feel stressed i
feel scared i don't feel like learning
anymore
the latest war killed 77 school-aged
children and injured hundreds more in
gaza but for the surviving school
children many will continue to
psychologically live in an active war
zone for years to come
mizar sadawi trt world
gaza
[Music]
you