after months of demonstration reports
suggest that Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu May withdraw his
controversial judicial overhaul Bill the
Prime Minister has been under pressure
from all quarters especially after he
sacked his own defense minister on
Sunday Israel's defense minister joov
Gallant had given a statement calling
for a halt to the process of passing the
judicial overhaul plan under pressure
from widespread protests cracks had
started emerging within the human
Coalition since Friday Israel's economy
Minister and its culture and sports
Minister have called the current
situation untenable and have said that
if Netanyahu decides to stop the
legislation then he should be backed but
the netanyahu-led government has won the
confidence of the house it survived to
no confidence motions followed by the
opposition earlier in the day Israel's
president Isaac peregos
urged the government to call a halt to
the plan legislation which has ignited
some of the biggest Nationwide
demonstrations in Israel's history
several sectors across Israel are on
strike more than 20 Mayors across the
country are on Hunger Strike Israel's
key airport Ben garan in Tel Aviv at one
point announced halted that it halted
all takeoffs before resuming a few hours
later workers at Israel's largest port
Haifa are also on strike universities
have also announced strikes shopping
malls are closed even McDonald's is
closing all its restaurants across
Israel the judicial overhaul which would
give the executive control over
appointing judges to the Supreme Court
allows the government to override court
rulings on the basis of simple
parliamentary majority and has drawn
Mass protests for weeks now
[Music]