desolate homecoming Palestinians are
returning to their former houses in the
gazen city of Khan unun after Israel
withdrew its forces at the
weekend we came to see what happened to
the house but we didn't find any houses
in the first place it's just Rubble you
can't live here animals can't live here
so how is a person supposed to the
destruction is
unreal Israel invaded KH yunas 4 months
ago as part of its ground offensive
following the October 7 attack
it subjected the city to a Relentless
assault pulverizing homes and
infrastructure and also cailed access to
water electricity and humanitarian
supplies as part of its blockade of the
Gaza
Strip I found out that the house
basically became non-existent there were
no stairs for me to go up to the third
floor so my brother climbed up and got
me some things and came down and he
brought some summer clothes for my
children the city's residents were
forced into temporary settlements many
fleeing South there are concerns that
preparations for a ground assault on the
southern city of Rafa could be the
motivation behind Israel's withdrawal
phase of the military operation they
must have had it finished in hand units
I think that's where they are and
they're taking the brigades out um what
that means is hopefully that will be a
lot more secure in those areas and maybe
people can start to go back to where
they came from but it's also a worrying
issue in the sense that maybe they're
going out to regroup and get ready for
the proposed ra incursion Israel has not
heeded calls for a ceasefire peace talks
in Egypt between Israeli and hamus
officials have so far failed to achieve
results that's despite increased
pressure from Israel's strongest Ally
the United States to Halt the fighting
inside Israel demonstrations against
prime minister Netanyahu and his failure
to bring home the hostages are
intensifying but there is still no end
in sight for this brutal War rert Stone
trt world