with the situation becoming increasingly
dire in Gaza Global Affairs Canada now
says a number of Canadians stuck in the
Palestinian territory looking for
assistance has doubled to 300 we were
hoping to have an opportunity for an
exit through Rafa on Saturday which
sadly did not
materialize that Crossing is between
Gaza and Egypt the only way out for
anyone stuck in Gaza and after the
previous window fell apart there is no
new timeline for a potential evacuation
there are some difficulties uh as as in
terms of who's controlling the Gaza uh
the Gaza Strip it's Hamas Hamas has told
Gaza residents to stay put while the
Israeli government has told over a
million residents in Northern Gaza to
flee South to avoid being caught in a
potential ground Invasion to help the
displace the Canadian government has
pledged 10 million in aid but no key
supplies like water food or medicine
have been able to get into Gaza despite
that Canadian officials are confident
any Aid won't go to Hamas we exercise
enhanced due diligence for all
humanitarian and development assistance
funding for Palestinians we only deal
with trusted credible partners that are
on the
ground another area of concern Lebanon
where
14,500 Canadians have registered with
the Feds all of whom received a new
warning from Global Affairs Canadians
who are already in Lebanon should think
about whether you really need to be
there the situation is volatile and if
you don't need to be there you should
consider leaving while commercial means
are still available there is one
positive the Israeli government has
given permission for approximately 250
Canadians to leave the West Bank but
Global Affairs is still waiting on
approval from Jordan to cross into their
territory Mackenzie gray Global News aut