[Music]
the initial we camp inside I was set up
in 1948 for Palestinians who had escaped
violence in the south and for 70,000 of
them it has become a home away from home
but they now fear it's turning into a
prison last month the Lebanese army
started building a wall around the camp
the Army says it's for security but
others dispute that I a judoka raha na
those are hated poles we want to build
bridges of love and brotherhood and
communication especially dead
palestinian factions have succeeded lady
in profiting placed in it comes to get
involved in any inner placed in my
business
the Army did not agree to be interviewed
but it has accused Palestinians inside
the camp of being involved in militant
activities and it says the wall will
make sure they no longer will
building this wall will make thousands
of Palestinians feel like they are
living in a prison it is also raising
tension between the Lebanese army and
the residents now the main concern here
is that this frustration could lead to
violence Oh
Elka raoul bova this feeling grows hated
and auntie patty and it makes us feel
like we are living in a big prison rot
and it effects are very negative on the
Palestinian community in lab normal
policy
Emily sharpen follow silly
Palestinian people are calling the
Lebanese security system to freeze
building the wall and to take the
necessary security procedures to keep
the camp and its surrounding safe
the Army did temporarily pause
construction on Thursday but it's
adamant that it will be complete in 15
months and the Palestinians inside a
worried that what's meant to keep them
in may also drown out their protests a
pyramid chartji world and hillary camp
southern lebanon
you
[Music]