hi there Jamie yes more talk on what a
post toas Gaza would look like this time
from the Israeli president Isaac Herzog
he came out to say that if we pull back
then who will take over we can't leave a
vacuum we have to think about what will
be the mechanism now you might remember
that the pre prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu he spoke about a week or so
ago about this exact issue saying that
Israel will have a security presence
inside Gaza for an indefinite period
period now this is causing a lot of
concern internationally over what is
perceived as a lack of a plan by Israel
of just how to deal with this situation
postwar and you did mention there that
uh President Biden has said that uh
there needs to be a two-state solution
also echoed by the Secretary of State
now let's go back to Benjamin Netanyahu
and there are more calls on him to step
down this time from Israel's opposition
leader y leid who is slamming his
handling of this war now leid even went
a step further to say that he spoken to
some of netanyahu's look Hood members
and they're trying to formulate a plan
to potentially get him out now that has
since been rebuffed by the lud party
that's Benjamin netanyahu's party
they're calling it disgraceful saying
that there shouldn't be conversations
discussions like this in times of War
but look on the ground uh what we're
hearing about this mil milary operation
that is ongoing we know that the head of
Hamas Israel hania uh his home was
struck by Israeli war planes a little
earlier today the Israeli military
coming out to say that it was being used
as Terror infrastructure saying that
hania had this house as a meeting place
for Hamas operatives uh saying that they
used this home there to actually plan
these October 7 attacks now it's
important to point out that isma hania
he doesn't actually live inside the Gaza
Strep he lives between turkey and Qatar
while in other operations on the ground
uh Israel says it's now taken control of
the Gaza Port saying it was uh disguised
as civilian infrastructure but it was
something that Hamas was operating out
of saying that this is where its Naval
command was based Jamie