the an NOA Festival was basically a rave
and you know the people who came here
young people in their teens and 20s they
brought the stuff that people bring to
Raves you know little hatchbacks maybe a
parents
car change of clothes dance clothes
underwear inflateable mattress drinks
coolers and it is all being spattered
and Scattered
Ed and
strewn across the entire
area little bit of drama um the Israeli
soldiers escorting us spotted spotted
some chap walking through the trees um
warning shots a lot of firing um made
him get on his knees undressed um I
think the likelihood that he was
actually part of a hammer infiltration
team um is startlingly low I don't think
we' still be walking around here um if
that's where the case but that tells you
just how nervous they are um around here
um you know the military spokesman say
they've more or less controlled the
Border but they're they're stopping
short of saying look everything's fine
um a lot of nerves um this is you know
Prett pry much the front line and as I
start talking to you we're beginning to
hear more outgoing fire again um so
they're they've resumed the shelling of
Gaza whole place is silent
now here and there there's still that
that horrendous smell of declaring human
flesh you begin to get a sense of how
quickly it all happened over at the bar
in the center of the of the festival
space uh drinks are still unfinished um
you can see you know the vodka and the
whiskey bottles that were being um
probably being poured just as the attack
began and as you approach the fesal
area you're basically seeing how things
unfold in Reverse so as we came in you
could see the cars that are trying to
get away had lost control had crashed
you get closer and closer and then it
really begins to look like a war
zone