[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
based on the information we've seen
today dated appear as a result of an
errant rocket fired by a terrorist group
in
Gaza the United States unequivocally
stands for the protection of civilian
life during conflict and I grieve I
truly grieve for the families who were
killed or wounded by this
tragedy
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
at 6:15 p.m. a barriage of rockets was
fired by Hamas to
Israel then at 6 6:59 p.m. a barrage of
around 10 Rockets was fired by Islamic
Jihad from a nearby
Cemetery it was at the time that 6:59
p.m. when there were reports of an
explosion at the alh Hal madani Hospital
in Gaza
City according to our intelligence Hamas
checked the reports understood it was an
Islamic Jihad
rocket that had misfired and decided to
Launch Global media campaign to hide
what really
happened they went as far as inflating
the numbers of
casualties they understood with absolute
certainty that it was a rocket misfired
by Islamic Jihad that damaged the
hospital analysis of our aerial footage
confirms that there was no Direct Hit to
the hospital
itself
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
tell
is
for
he is a liar his the spokesperson in
digital spokesperson tweeted that Israel
did the hit thinking that there is
around this Hospital a base for Hamas
and then he deleted that tweet we have a
copy of that tweet and talal can share
with you that Tweet now they change the
story to try to blame the Palestinians
it is a lie and they the Israeli
spokesperson of the army about a week
ago made a statement in which he said
Evacuate the hospitals the hospitals are
Target and in fact they hit one Hospital
a week ago so they their intentions is
evacuate or hospitals will be hit and
they are responsible for that crime and
they cannot fabricate stories to deal
with
it
[Music]