in Cairo mediators have gathered to talk
about a truce in Gaza Amit Israel's
offensive in Rafa as part of its war
with Hamas pakon with the
latest talks on a Gaza troops involving
the US Egypt Israel and Qatar ended
inconclusively in Cairo on Tuesday
according to Egypt State information
service the negotiations were aimed at
getting a truce in Gaza to protect
civilians and delivering additional Aid
to The Enclave citing a senior Egyptian
official AP reported mediators have
achieved relatively significant progress
and are focusing on a 6-e ceasefire deal
with guarantees to continue talks toward
a permanent ceasefire the Israeli
delegation has reportedly left Cairo due
to the pressure on reaching an agreement
to end the war According To Us Media
however the Egyptian official added the
talks will continue for another 3 Days
International concerns have been
mounting especially after scores of
Palestinians were killed during recent
air strikes in Rafa where more than half
of the gazen population are seeking
shelter despite countries including the
US warning about prioritizing the
evacuation of civilians before any
attack the United Nations Aid Chief
Martin Griffith warned on Tuesday that
military attacks in Rafa could lead to a
Slaughter and put humanitarian efforts
in Gaza at that store the UN Secretary
General also spoke about the issue on
the same day my sincere hope is that the
negotiations for the release of hostages
and uh some form of uh cessation of
hostilities to be
successful to
avoid a allout uh offensive over
Rafa meanwhile as of Wednesday at least
28,400 Palestinians have been killed
while over 1,300 Israelis have been
killed and over 1,200 injured since the
War Began on October 7th ponu news