9-year-old Ohad Mund runs headlong into
his father's arms in an Israeli hospital
after 50 days with no contact because
the boy was one of hamas's hostages in
Gaza he was released along with his
mother Karen and his grandmother Ruthie
on Friday but ahad's grandfather Abraham
Mund is still in captivity age 78
hamas's military Wing released this
video of the host's release in exchange
for Palestinian prisoners the first as
part of a 4-day ceasefire the
Palestinian militant gunmen took 240
hostages when they rampaged through
southern Israel in an assault on October
7 in which 1,200 people were also killed
Israel retaliated with a bombardment
that has reduced much of the Gaza Strip
to rubble and according to Palestinian
medical authorities killed some 14,000
people Ohad seen in this video of
another family celebration turned 91
while he was in Gaza on October 23rd
this was his cousin marav raviv uh Ohad
today is his birthday he he has to be
nine and instead of celebrating with his
friends and family which they uh made a
a preparation for uh for the birthday
party on last Saturday instead of that
he's now in Gaza Israel released these
photographs of the host's return
including one of Ohad playing with a
Rubik's Cube one of his favorite
pastimes for now Ohad Karen and Ruthie
are staying in Israel's Schneider
Children's Medical Center along with
five other hostages said to be fine and
healthy being kept away from the media
Spotlight another cousin of ohads Rony
haviv is desperate to see the little boy
again I'm waiting to see Ohad and I
can't wait to give him his rubic Cube
which I know he really loved and he
probably missed it so much and that's
the first thing he takes everywhere he
goes at least 50 Israeli hostages are
due to be exchanged under a Qatari
broker agreement and more could be added
if the true steal is
extended