I pose and must add that I am of the
strong opinion that this finding does
not in any way legitimize further
violence but actually reinforces the
need for urgencies fire it took the
United Nations 5 months to finally
recognize the sexual crimes committed on
October 7th during hamas's
[Music]
Massacre
[Music]
[Music]
for
[Music]
we regard to the hostages taken to Gaza
we found clear and convincing
information that sexual violence
including rape sexualized torture cruel
inhuman and degrading treatment has been
committed against captives and we also
have reasonable grounds to believe that
such violence may still be ongoing
against those still held in captivity
I pae and must add that I am of the
strong opinion that this finding does
not in any way legitimize further
violence but actually reinforces the
need for Urgent Seas fire another F
finding we also found that there are
reasonable grounds to believe that
conflict related sexual violence
including rape and gang rape occurred
during the 7th of October attacks in at
least three locations namely the Nova
Music Festival side and its surroundings
Road 232 and
kibuts and in most of these incidents
victim were first subjected to rape and
then killed and at least two incidents
relate to the rape of women's corses and
as you know that we the team conducted a
total of 33 meetings with Israeli
institutions including relevant uh line
Ministries as well as Israeli Defense
Forces but it's all in the report I will
not go over go over it we conducted
confidential interviews with 34 people
including with survivors and Witnesses
of the seventh of October attacks
released hostages First Responders and
service
providers
[Music]
and
today with the release of the report on
the sexual abuse that the Israeli female
hostages are enduring The Shame of the
un's silence is on clear display the UN
has not held even one discussion on the
topic not even one meeting the meaning
of a ceasefire is to lengthen the
suffering of the hostages any call for a
ceasefire is blatant support for Hamas
to continue their sexual violence I call
on the Secretary General and the
security Council to immediately condemn
Hamas for their crimes and apply
unrelenting pressure on the terrorist to
ensure that their sexual abuse ends and
that the hostages are
released
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]