Israel appears to be preparing for a
ground invasion of the city of Rafa in
southern Gaza the Israeli military has
now amassed dozens of tanks and armored
vehicles along its border with the
southern part of the Gaza Strip the
Israeli tanks were seen stationed near
Israel's Kum Shalom Crossing which is
right next to Rafa after more than 6
months of bombing the Gaza Strip the
Israeli leaders say that Rafa is hamas's
last stronghold this fite widespread
International condemnation and
opposition the Israeli Prime Minister
Netanyahu has vowed to invade the city
no matter what the opposition is
remember more than half of raza's
population that is over 1.4 to perhaps
1.5 million gazin who were uprooted
because their homes were bombed and were
driven out from their homes at this
moment have sought refuge in Rafa
they're facing the threat of an Israeli
ground attack but Israel says that it is
working on a plan to evacuate the
civilians before carrying out any
operation in the
city and our correspondent from Israel
jori Kohan has sent us this report from
the Israeli side
listening so doons of Israel Defense
Force vehicles are said to be lined up
on the southern Gaza border Egypt's
intelligence Chief led a delegation in
Tel Aviv on Friday for talks about a
potential hostage deal and that's after
the war cabinet convened to discuss the
hostage negotiations and potential Rafa
operation and US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin is expected in Israel on
Tuesday again to discuss the potential
Rafa operation and hostage deal now
Hamas has said that there'll be no
hostage release without an end to the
war and said that the US pressure has no
value according to reports Egypt has
agreed to put more pressure on Hamas to
accept a deal Israel's reportedly
discussing a limited Proposal with Hamas
releasing 33 hostages and according to a
source Israel is willing to reassess the
Rafa operation as part of a hostage
release deal and a Us official has said
that Israel has also agreed to
unrestricted return of Palestinians to
Northern Gaza and Israel has reportedly
said that this is the last chance for
Hamas to accept a deal before Israel
would go into Rafa for all the latest
news download the V app And subscribe to
our YouTube channel