an uptick in rocket and drone attacks by
Iranian back proxy groups against
military bases housing us personnel and
Iraq and Syria and we're deeply
concerned about the potential for any
significant escalation of these attacks
in the days
ahead
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
for
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
he
[Music]
[Music]
ch
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
for
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
he
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
he
[Music]
now we've also seen uh over the course
of the last few days actually the course
of the last week but certainly over the
last uh couple of days of the weekend an
uptick in rocket and drone attacks by
Iranian back proxy groups against
military bases housing us Personnel in
Iraq and Syria and we're deeply
concerned about the potential for any
significant escalation of these attacks
in the days ahead at the direction of
president President Biden the Secretary
of Defense has ordered the military to
take steps to prepare for this to ensure
that we're postured appropriately both
in terms of being able to defend our
forces and respond decisively as needed
Secretary of Defense has directed Two
carrier strike groups to the region and
we are now sending more air defenses to
US Air bases in the region now we know
these groups are supported by the irgc
and the regime we know Iran continues to
support Hamas and Hezbollah and we know
that Iran is closely monitoring these
events and in some cases actively
facilitating these attacks and spurring
on others who may want to exploit the
conflict for their own good or for that
of Iran we know Iran's goal is to
maintain some level of deniability here
but we're not going to allow them to do
that we also are not going to allow any
threat to our interest in the region to
go unchallenged we demonstrated last we
demonstrated last week that we have and
will use the military capables available
to us to protect and defend those
interests
[Music]
n