Israel has vowed to go after senior
Hamas leaders abroad and the killing of
Salah alori was exactly
that they haven't admitted
responsibility for the Drone strike in
Hezbollah controlled Southern Bay rout
on Tuesday night but no one in the
Middle East doubts that Israel was
behind it to try and calm tensions
though Israeli officials have said that
it was an attack on Hamas not on
Hezbollah or Lebanon however the leader
of Hezbollah Hassan nazala spoke on
television in a prescheduled address and
warned Israel that there would be a
response if the enemy has thought of
launching a war on
leanon it will be fighting with no
borders no rules no limitations no
guidelines in the West Bank and East
Jerusalem a general strike was called in
protest at the assassination
shops and businesses were closed as
Palestinians stayed home although he'd
been living in exile for many years
Salah alui was the deao head of Hamas in
the West Bank he was well known here and
respected by many Palestinians but
Israel held him responsible for planning
Terror attacks against Israelis and
believed that he was part of the
planning for the October the 7th attacks
and so he was a highlevel Target on
Israel's Hit
List Israel is fighting on multiple
fronts Gaza is still the main focus and
the IDF is pushing further south and
still carrying out air strikes on the
Strip every
day this was the aftermath of one
earlier on
today but the threat from Lebanon in the
north is gradually increasing and a
cause for Global concern tit forat
strikes between Israel and Hezbollah
have been ongoing for weeks but so far
they have been limited to the Border
area avoiding an allout war between the
two sides for now it still seems that
neither side wants a full-blown conflict
but the killing of Salah alori has
escalated the situation
significantly alist bunkle Sky News in
East Jerusalem