it is now day 25 in the Israel Hamas War
here are the most recent developments
Israel's offensive to the October 7th
Hamas attack has killed more than 8,300
Palestinians including just under 3,500
children according to the Gaza Health
ministry as many as400 Israelis were
killed in the initial Hamas attack and
nearly 240 others are being held hostage
by the militant
group Kuwait's Crown Prince addressed
Kuwait's Parliament saying his country
condemns Israel aggression on Gaza and
called for a ceasefire air Sirens went
off in the area of the Red Sea today
sending residents running for shelter
Israel's military says it downed an
approaching aerial Target and says there
was no threat or risk to civilians the
director of the Turkish Palestinian
Hospital situated just south of Gaza
City says his hospital was damaged by an
Israeli strike Monday evening the blast
damaged the building's oxygen system and
water supply a watchdog group advocating
for press Freedom says that the strikes
that killed one journalist in southern
Lebanon earlier this month were targeted
rather than accidental the group says
the journalists were clearly identified
as press an Israeli government Ministry
has drafted a wartime proposal to
transfer the Gaza strips 2.3 million
people to Egypt Sinai Peninsula this has
drawn condemnation from the Palestinians
and has worsen tensions between Israel
and Egypt reports claim prime minister
Benjamin netanyahu's office has played
down the report calling it a hypothe
medcal exercise a quote concept paper
the head of the UN Agency for
Palestinian refugees said an immediate
humanitarian ceasefire has become a
matter of life and death for millions in
a un emergency meeting yesterday the UN
agency had accused Israel of collective
punishment of Palestinians warning that
a further breakdown of civil order will
make it extremely difficult if not
impossible for the largest UN agency in
Gaza to continue operating Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu dismiss
calls for a halt to fighting Netanyahu
said that Israel would not agree to a
cessation of hostilities with Hamas and
Gaza and would press ahead with its
ground Invasion thank you for joining us
for this update stay tuned as we
continue to bring you the latest
developments in this complex and
evolving
situation