all right let's start you off with our
top story as Israeli troops encircle
Gaza City 31 Israeli soldiers have
reportedly been killed during the idf's
ground operation Gaza officials say over
10,000 people have been killed by
Israeli forces since October 7th 40% of
them being children as the fighting has
left Northern Gaza in runes Israeli
forces gave a group of reporters a tour
of the region they stopped at various
apartment blocks the damaged buildings
the blackened windows and moans of
rubble in Northern Gaza reflected the
ferocity of the Israeli
offensive Israeli Army officials say
many floors in these buildings were
being used as Weapons workshops under
the cover of being Family Apartments
mountains of dirt have been created by
the military to give protection to Army
vehicles parked around them meanwhile
gazin are fleeing towards Southern Gaza
Lar groups of people were seen with
their families many have even turned to
carts pulled by horses and donkeys
thousands remain trapped in the AL shaa
Hospital the hospital is gaza's biggest
Medical Center Israel has already given
them evacuation orders Israeli de
Defense Forces say troops are closing in
on chaah Hospital claiming that Hamas
militants are using the hospital as a
shield Gaza officials claim the hospital
currently houses nearly 50,000 displaced
Palestinians as people refuse to leave
the hospitals some Palestinians in the
South are returning to their destroyed
homes a family in kanu left the camp
choosing to return to their shattered
home up north they say their home
destroyed after an Israel strike is
better than the overcrowded and
unsanitary conditions at the refugee
camp and
[Music]
shelters