now Israel's prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has paid a surprise visit to
King Abdullah and Jordan announcing the
trip only after its conclusion this was
his first trip abroad since he formed
his latest government and his first trip
to Jordan since 2018. the two leaders
have not had a smooth relationship in
the past so does this visit signify a
warming of ties a correspondent Jody
Cohen has sent us this report for more
prime minister netanyahu's visit to
Jordan comes amid tension surrounding
the visit of ultra nationalist minister
itamar bengafir to the Al-Aqsa Temple
Mount compound three weeks ago
Israel said the visit didn't break the
delicate status quo at the holy site
while Jordan condemned it and following
netanyahu's visit Jordan emphasized the
importance of maintaining the historical
and legal status quo
Israel's statements focused on the
partnership between the two countries
and emphasized strategic security and
economic cooperation but how are
relations expected to be between
Abdullah and Netanyahu who have a
history of friction the last Israeli
government had worked to warm ties with
Jordan
meanwhile netanyahu's latest Coalition
includes Ultra nationalists for the
first time and there are concerns about
the hard line it's expected to take
regarding the Palestinians
Israel and Jordan however now have
stronger shared interests than in
previous years with a gas water deal
between the two countries and deeper
Regional ties as a result of the Abraham
Accords and Negev summit's forums it's
known that the U.S would like Jordan to
be more involved in Regional cooperation
efforts and President Biden's
Administration has welcomed the meeting
between Jordan's King Abdullah and
Israel's prime minister Netanyahu
despite a formal piece since 1994 and
cooperation efforts on a number of
fronts between the two countries
friction points however do still exist
and it remains to be seen how the
relationship between the two leaders
will develop this is Jody Cohen for we
on world as one Beyond is now available
in your country download the app now get
all the news on the