a tougher line against its own allies as
the pressure rises in the war on Gaza
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu says
he will crack down on set attacks on
Palestinians in the occupied West
Bank there is a tiny handful of people
who do not represent the public who take
the law into their own hands we are not
prepared to tolerate it we are not about
to accept it and we will act against it
in every way this causes serious
International damage to the state of
Israel and it does not represent the
public I condemn it and we will act
against
it Netanyahu made the comments after
main opposition leader y lapid told
Israeli media that the situation in the
territory was about to
explode he also demanded that
netanyahu's government exercise
restraint in its operations in the
territory Israeli security forces are
conducting certain arrest operations
across the occupied West
Bank they were launched soon after after
the October 7th Hamas attack to crack
down on the militant groups support in
the
territory but the action has also
embolden Israeli settlers who already
enjoy massive support from netanyahu's
government in the days after the October
7 attack Israel's farri national
security minister itamar benir began
Distributing thousands of assault
weapons to
settlers since then a Spate of attacks
in ramala nablo and other towns across
the territory have left several
Palestinians dead it's led to mass
protests from local residents and
criticism from Israel's allies I
continue to be alarmed about extremist
settlers attacking Palestinians in the
West Bank that uh pouring gasoline on
fire is what it's like they this was a
deal the deal was made and they're
attacking Palestinians in places that
they're entitled to be and has to stop
they have to be held accountable and has
to stop now the pressure from allies and
the possibility of an expansion of the
conflict appears to have forced Israel's
belligerent War cabinet to change
T and offer at least some relief to
Palestinians in the occupied territories
sh Hassen trt world