[Music]
news coming in right now Israel takes
down senior Hamas operative Israel
forces bomb Abu shamla house shamla
house used to store weapons Israel kills
top Hamas Naval Commander Abu shamla has
been killed in an Israeli Air Attack
shamla was a senior operative in the
Rafa Brigade and his house was used to
Alle store Naval weapons Israeli Jets
bomb Hamas hamas's I beg your pardon NBA
elite forces so a top Commander Abu
shamla has been killed by Israeli Air
Attack Gita moan is joining us for more
on this gaita what more do we know about
Abu
shamla well like you said Abu shamla was
one of the key leaders of the naval Brig
Brigade he is uh he was known as has
serving as the sub commander of the
Southern Gaza Strip uh he has been very
very critical in this entire plan and uh
the Israeli forces now taking down each
and important leader of the is uh is
Adin Al Kasam Brigade uh he's one of the
top leaders of the Brigade became a
deputy commander of the Brigade at Rafa
which is the area where uh adjoining
Egypt uh very critical to any supplies
that come into the Gaza Strip and uh uh
the fact that he uh the fact that the
the important operation that is carried
out by Israel clearly shows that uh
Israel is not only looking at uh taking
out Hamas but also focusing on the
locations of key uh uh Key Senior Hamas
operatives over here the naval forces in
the southern strip part of Gaza uh was
under Muhammad shamla and his house uh
where uh his house had become an area to
store Naval weapons and was intended
which was intended for operations
against Israel so the IDF spokesperson
Daniel hagari has now said that in a
military operation uh uh the the Hamas
operative was killed as also goes on to
say that the military also killed
Mustafa shahim another Hamas operative
who filmed and broadcast the terror
group murderous attack on Southern
Israel so uh two important operatives of
Hamas have been taken out by uh Israeli
forces and this is only the beginning
follow me apart from the fact that we
will be seeing massive destruction
within the Gaza ship expect off leaders
of the Hamas to either be caught or
killed okay GA thank you so much for
bringing us all of those
details
[Applause]
is