Ultra Orthodox Jews spit toward
Christians carrying a cross in occupied
East Jerusalem this week an act of
religious hatred igniting a scandal in
Israel and
Beyond other videos also widely seen on
social media show Jews spitting toward
nuns outside a
church and yet another where Jews spit
at a church
doorway Israeli police say they have
arrested Ed five people one a minor in
the latest incident prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu condemned the
spitting attacks but religious leaders
including the top Roman Catholic
Cardinal in Jerusalem say they're
concerned over a rising number of
anti-christian Acts in Israel some Ultra
Nationalist and settler leaders say
spitting at or near Christians and
churches is a legitimate Jewish
tradition with a long history
meanwhile more than 1,400 Ultra
nationalists and settlers entered the AL
oxa mosque complex on Wednesday under
Israeli police escort they're seeking to
establish a clear Jewish presence in one
of Islam's holiest places non-muslims
are allowed entry on certain days of the
week and at certain times but not
allowed to pray but some parties in
netanyahu's right-wing government want
to upend the decades long state quo to
allow Jewish prayer at the site a
confrontational move that Palestinian
officials say would lead to an explosion
of
violence nearby Israeli police told
Palestinian shopkeepers near the
entrance to Al AXA to close their
businesses for hours each day during the
current week-long Jewish sukat holiday
so that Ultra Orthodox Jews could pray
as close as possible to the
site despite a tense atmosphere no
serious incidents of violence have been
reported in the city in recent days Rob
Reynolds Al jazer occupied East
Jerusalem