so India today's oent team accessed some
of the Visual Evidence satellite imagery
and tried to find out because it became
a huge issue debate or what exactly had
happened and as for the information
received here's what we found out the
Visual Evidence does not show signs of
an aerial bombing or the strikes that
Israel is known for so look at this for
example this is the image before the
explosion and how the hospital store how
it looked like this is how it is after
the explosion which means that the
building continues to stand intact even
though there has been as as some damage
appears right on that corner the visuals
show that the walls of the hospital are
intact after the bombing but there were
visible signs that uh there has at least
some incident has taken place but
usually when a missile attack of that
magnitude takes place there are large
craters that are formed here you see no
large crater this is as it looks like a
parking lot area while you can see
sharpel and fuel related damage uh and
you can see the car cars have clearly
been damaged around this area but if
it's a missile attack there's usually a
crater that could cause substantial
damage to the buildings close by and of
course possibly to the people there now
this is a small church that is right
adjacent to uh to that hospital it's
also managed by the dasis and the
sharpel related damage can be seen here
as well but as you can see the part of
the building the uh area here the walls
are still standing intact so was it the
level of magnitude of an Israeli strike
that it's known for or did something
happen and and uh remember at a time
when there has been now debate of the
claims and counter claims that have been
coming