Thursday was another day of diplomacy in
Israel with a visit from British prime
minister Rishi sunak after a meeting
with his counterpart Benjamin Netanyahu
sunk offered qualified words of support
we absolutely support Israel's right to
defend itself in line with international
law to go after Hamas to take back
hostages deter further in incursions and
to strengthen your security for the long
term the Palestinian people are victims
of Hamas too and that is why I welcome
your decision yesterday that you took to
ensure that Roots into Gaza will be
opened for humanitarian Aid to
enter hundreds of tons of humanitarian
Aid is arriving at the Rafa border
crossing in Egypt only 20 trucks have
permission to enter Gaza from Friday to
bring in food water and medical supplies
during his trip to Israel US President
Joe Biden announced the agreement saying
Aid was not to be diverted by Hamas for
its own use Biden backed the Israeli
position that the loss of life at alali
hospital was the result of a misfired
rocket from within Gaza British
officials haven't said who they believe
was culpable the UN and EU have called
for
investigations the Carnage at the
hospital provoked outrage around the
world thousands of protesters gathered
near the Israeli Embassy in the
Jordanian capital A man on Wednesday
night to condemn the hospital strike and
in the Netherlands on Thursday there was
a demonstration outside the
international criminal court in the
Haag meanwhile Israeli air strikes on
Gaza are continuing including on parts
of the South that Israel had declared
safe zones heightening fears Nowhere In
The Enclave is safe for rafat alnal
everything's been
futile we came from Gaza City they told
us to head south so we went South we
found that the strikes intensified in
the South we stayed in a house in front
of us there were strikes and behind us
there were strikes there is no safety
Israel has vowed its Relentless
Onslaught on Gaza will wipe out Hamas
but it's not clear what the human cost
would be clear hot trt world