water is vital to life but in Palestine
it's also a powerful weapon
Sharif Shaheen a farmer near Hebron in
the occupied West Bank laments the
devastating effect of water shortages on
agriculture
this is death because of the lack of
water it's zero outcome affecting 10
families who depend on this produce
Israel has controlled all water
resources in the occupied Palestinian
territories since 1967. restrictive
policies mean Palestinians cannot build
or maintain any water infrastructure
without a military permit
macarot the Israeli Water Authority has
been accused of favoring illegal Israeli
settlers and reducing quotas in
Palestinian areas to insufficient levels
we are seriously looking into what the
Israeli water company macarot has done
in terms of reducing the water causes
allocated to the governors of Hebron and
Bethlehem this is a dangerous racist and
discriminatory measure that deprives our
people in these two governors of their
most basic rights to water while the
occupying state is doubling the
quantities of water for the benefit of
colonial settlers
to cope residents are resorting to
costly Alternatives buying water at
three times the regular price some are
constructing makeshift Wells but they
quickly run dry under the scorching sun
it's nonsense that I have to keep
suffering I don't have 200 shekels every
month I have to buy two tanks of water
Palestinian officials and local farmers
agree that the situation is untenable if
Israeli settlement expansions continue
they know water supplies and
distribution will continue to suffer as
Israel uses the most vital resource to
push Palestinians further into
desperation Mikhail Malik trt world