[Applause]
y y young and old all clamoring for
something to eat the UN now says one
quarter of gaza's population is a step
away from famine the people in Gaza need
a break they need Aid they need
humanitarian and medical riam alsafadi
is a Syrian Canadian who just a few days
ago made the nearly impossible trip into
Gaza as a part of a convoy with the wh
and other organizations delivering
suitcases of Medical Aid to Hospitals
and Clinics in the South the demand
inside is huge I have been to a couple
of hospital and they are in dire need
even the medical staff are malnourished
elafa helped deliver the basics donated
from Canada and Egypt including gauze
bandages painkillers and antibiotics but
he says it wasn't nearly enough let it
be clear it's a drop in the bucket the
situation is so dire attempts are
underway to bring in aid from the sea
with 200 tons of food approaching Gaza
over the Mediterranean I'm very hopeful
that we can be bringing millions and
millions of meals
daily um we may fail many things still
may not allow us to be successful on
this Mission Jose Andre says the biggest
failure would not be trying while some
Aid is trucked in or dropped by planes a
second barred was loaded in Cyprus
several American army military vessels
are also on route to Gaza with supplies
and Engineers their task to build a
temporary roll on rolloff Pier which
could end up looking something like this
an artificial floating Harbor similar to
those built in Normandy by Allied Forces
during the second world war but in this
conflict Chuck Schumer called the
Israeli Prime Minister one of the major
obstacle go to peace who has all too
frequently bowed to the demands of
extremists like ministers smotri and Ben
gavier and the settlers in the West Bank
we cannot just parachute Medical Aid or
aid from the sky at the same time
continue on supplying weapon and arm and
bombs that will kill
civilians ignoring outside pressure
Benjamin Netanyahu met with soldiers
telling them they will keep going and
enter
Rafa say Hamas must be eliminated for
Israel's security Crystal Ganson Global
News London