during the US presidential campaign
donald trump's team spoke often about
moving the US Embassy in Israel from Tel
Aviv to Jerusalem but since taking
office the contentious issue appears to
have been put on the backburner ahead of
a phone call between Trump in the
Israeli Prime Minister on Sunday the
White House did not respond to questions
or requests to elaborate on initial
discussions the reason could be because
of the moves potentially destabilizing
effects on the peace process if the US
were to relocate its embassy it would be
explicit recognition of Jerusalem
belonging to Israel pre-empting the
results of any talks on a two-state
solution the palestinian president has
already criticized the prospect of such
an outcome warning it could be explosive
for the region nothing or no avail
another man we hope mr. Trump will not
move the embassy from Tel Aviv to
Jerusalem because Jerusalem from the
Israeli point of view is a united city
and this is not correct it's illegal
therefore moving the embassy to any
place or damage the peace process he
said a meconium portage la vara nu op de
la maleta stellar the Israeli Prime
Minister's Arab media spokesman OFIR
Gendelman refused to answer urine oozes
questions on the subject however Lenny
Ben David Israel's former Washington
diplomat and now head of the Jerusalem
Center for Public Affairs played down
the move has any threat to the peace
process so Trump will not waver will not
stop the law from being enacted that's
the issue do I think he will do it I
believe he will it may actually be a
process a gradual process to bring that
about it's not I don't see it as a
attempt to anger Arab the Arab world or
Palestinians it need not hurt the peace
process but it gives the Palestinians
even a impetus
to move ahead and say we will move we
will we will negotiate over East
Jerusalem rather than thing we're
declaring war the incoming us
ambassadors told Israeli media he
intends to live in Jerusalem but
shifting the entire embassy with all
that security trade and cultural ties
won't happen overnight