there are countless accounts of the pain
and suffering of Palestinians in Gaza
few may prove as harrowing or
significant as those on the front line
of the conflict working in gaza's
hospitals Professor gasan abua is one of
them on Monday after returning from Gaza
he told a news conference about the
horror he'd witnessed and the crimes he
believes Israel needs to answer for my
estimate is that there are now between
700 and 900 children with
amputations of
Limbs um in some of whom multiple uh
limbs have been
amputated on one night at the Ali
hospital I performed amputations on six
children we had several
patients who
um had uh fly lavy in their
wounds um uh I had kids with with uh
with worms coming out of the external
fixators
the injuries sustained are
incomprehensible professor gasan said
they included wounds from white
phosphorus which is banned under
International humanitarian law and which
Israel denies
using these patients are like swiss
cheese with black burns and the if you
cut the and you what your job as a
surgeon is to cut the burn tissue and it
literally cores into and then only stops
at a point where it no longer has access
to oxygen and so you have to take out
whatever is left of the resin because
the resin allows the phosphorus once
exposed to to to
reite Professor gasan has worked in
other Wars in Yemen Iraq Syria South
Lebanon and Gaza this conflict he said
is different having seen this massacre
unfold the creation of an uninhabitable
Gaza
Strip was the aim and the destruction of
all the components of Modern Life with
which at which the health system lies
was the main military objective his
words could yet prove significant now in
London he's working with the
International Center of justice for
Palestinians which is helping Professor
gasan provide evidence to the war crimes
unit of Britain's police force while the
conflict in Israel is far from over
already the case against it is growing
holding it to account for alleged war
crimes and genocide will be a long road
this testimony as much as any other
could prove crucial jlin trt World in
London