first the core of genocide is intent
without intent there can be no genocide
in law Israel defending itself on the
second and final day of hearings at the
international court of justice refuting
claims by South Africa that its response
to the attacks on October 7th violates
the 1948 genocide convention the sitting
is open it is respectfully submitted
that the application and request should
be dismissed
for what they are a
Lial designed to deny Israel the right
to defend itself according to the law
from the unprecedented Terrorist on
Onslaught it continues to
face and to free
the 136 hostages Hamas still
holds this after South Africa's lawyers
argued on Thursday that Israel's leaders
were intent on destroying the p
Palestinians as a group in Gaza
following 7 October Israel deployed
6,000 bombs per
week at least 200 times it has deployed
2,000 bombs in southern areas of
Palestine designated as safe there are
many distortions in the on Friday Israel
pushed back the genocide convention was
not designed to to address the brutal
impact of intensive hostilities on the
civilian population the convention was
set apart to address a malevolent crime
of the most exceptional
severity Israel's lawyers also arguing
that genocidal Acts were committed by
Hamas on October 7th when more than
12200 Israelis were killed that if there
have been acts that may be characterized
as
genocidal then they have been
perpetrated
against
Israel outside the court The public's
divisions and frustrations on clear
display I'm waiting to see evidence uh
of things they said because I think
there's a lot of things that uh uh a lot
of information that is misleading um and
that is uh not really accurate and so
I'm waiting to see the the the evidence
that they're about to bring forth nearby
pro-israel supporters had laid a table
for Shabbat with places set for hostages
still inside
Gaza on October 7th Israel was under
attack people were killed murdered
butchered raped burned alive and today
we are the ones who are supposed to give
explanations it's
unbelievable the question of whether
Goins are the victims of a genocide
could take years for the court to rule
on Far More pressing the question of if
and how it will ask Israel to stop its
War Melissa Belen the ha