there's no relief in sight for the
people of
Gaza in just under 3 months Israel has
killed more than 22,000 Palestinians the
majority of them women and children the
United States government says it wants
to improve conditions and has sent
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin on
another tour of key countries in the
Middle East first he will discuss
immediate measures to increase subst
stantially humanitarian assistance to
Gaza the United States has played a
critical role in unlocking humanitarian
assistance for the Palestinian people
but conditions remain extremely
difficult the secretary will stress the
imperative of expanding and sustaining
safe access for humanitarian
organizations to deliver food water
medicine as well as for commercial Goods
to enter all areas of Gaza blink's first
stop is US Ally tury where he can expect
some difficult discussions
it has become clear who truly defends
human rights and dignity and who merely
exploits them from the UN to
International media organizations from
the European Union to journalist
organizations all the institutions
organizations and structures that serve
as Apostles of democracy have all failed
in this crisis we realize that the
institutions that talk big and spend big
budgets are completely empty when it
comes to Israel and Israel's atrocities
Ankara believes the US approach to the
occupation of Palestine is worsening the
situation it's been calling for an
immediate ceasefire and for Israel and
allies to abide by international law
blinkin will also talk about houthi
attacks on Commercial vessels in the Red
Sea Maritime security Sweden's NATO
membership and bilateral relations with
turkey the Turkish government wants
Washington to fulfill commitments on the
sale of F-16 fighter jets to Ankara
Turkey is looking to purchase the latest
model of the Jet and modernization
kits however some members of the US
Congress have made this transaction
subject to Ankara allowing Sweden to
join NATO but Gaza is expected to top
the agenda an issue on which the US has
upset many allies and found itself
increasingly isolated internationally
during his last tour off this region
some allies gave blinkin the cold
shoulder he's no doubt hoping this time
will be different Hass Abdullah trt
World
[Music]
Ankara