foreign
confrontation broke out early on Friday
Palestinian factions have called for a
day of rage and for context at least 117
Palestinians have been killed by Israeli
forces in the occupied West Bank since
the beginning of the year Abraham is
live from Ramallah nitta what's
happening in the moment at the moment in
Janine
the Israeli forces have withdrawn from
the Janine refugee camp and the
surrounding area after they raided the
camp and its outskirts in the early
hours of the morning leading to clashes
between Palestinian armed men and the
Israeli forces according to the
Palestinian Health Ministry one
Palestinian was killed locals identified
him as a leader and as an armed fighter
with alcott's brigades they are the
armed group of Islamic Jihad Palestinian
faction six other people were wounded
including a doctor whose injury is has
been described as very critical and two
of those who had injured were Medics and
we've seen videos of the Israeli forces
shooting at the paramedics and the
ambulances that we're trying to evacuate
those who were killed now in general
Janine has been the center of tension
for the past few weeks and months
because it has armed people who say that
Israel only understands the language
which of course they compare that to the
weak statements that they say is from
the Palestinian Authority we've just
heard from the spokesperson of the
Palestinian presidency saying that the
Israeli occupation has passed all red
lines and that they will not allow it to
continue but for these young men who are
taking up arms they believe that the
Palestinian Authority is not doing much
and they think that what's going to hurt
Israel is for them to take up arms and
fight the Israeli occupation did Abraham
reporting there from Ramallah thank you
very much