they're chanting now now the demand is
as clear as it is urgent we feel
hopeless we don't know what to do we are
really really sad and we are coping with
lots of
losses 133 hostages remain in Gaza
Benjamin Netanyahu his cabinet and
Israeli military leaders have all talked
about the importance of bringing them
home 6 months on it is an un filled
promise so these Israelis pack the
street near the prime minister's
home bellowing for action and I'm afraid
that no one care anymore and the most
important thing that we bring them home
now now it's the
time heightened emotions and a time of
regional
instability a base in Iraq south of
Baghdad was the latest to be hit it's
not clear what happened or who was
responsible but early Saturday morning
local time there was an explosion and
fire one member of Iraq's popular
mobilization force was killed and
several others injured the base
reportedly housed a pro-iranian militia
Iran was also hit isanan is a strategic
location with a military base and
nuclear facilities a strike widely
believed to have been carried out by
Israel although it did not claim respons
responsibility the two Nations have been
settling scores as of late with no
Prospect for a
solution our first priority should be
ending the Israeli occupation and
implementing the two-state solution
formula said turkey's foreign minister
he says that is the only way to calm
Regional tensions it is possible that we
won't see any more direct strikes
between Iran and Israel and that things
will revert back to the shadow War
between Iranian proxies and Israel but
even if that's what happens for those in
Gaza it means continued death and
destruction