a builder's home left in
Ruins da dasas was a simple man trying
to live a quiet life worked in Israel
lived in a refugee camp never
political in August two weeks before he
killed an Israeli soldier at a
checkpoint guards beat him and left him
disfigured his brother said daud
snapped they kicked and beat him at a
checkpoint they pressed his head down on
the hot asphalt of the road and it burnt
his face it seems he had a reaction and
did what he
did Israeli soldiers entered the village
in force late Monday night the place
three generations called home gone in an
instant they're forbidden from clearing
up inside even the rubble claimed as the
property of the Israeli State this is
the kind of collective punishment that
Palestinians say Israel carries out at
will across the occupied territories
elsewhere in the world it would be
unacceptable barbaric even but here it
happens so frequently it's become
routine daud's Widow and six children
are now
homeless the night she says went well
because no one was hurt seemingly
unfazed shock or resilience it is hard
to tell but even now her attention is
elsewhere
we can replace the stones but we lost
our pillar I don't regret losing the
house it's over we lost the house the
world knows this is Injustice but what's
happening is nothing compared to what's
happening in
Gaza D's family lived on the first floor
so it was the only one Israeli soldiers
blew up incomplete destruction
calculated cruel left as a warning
leaflets left behind that say money can
fix a house
but not a broken family Zan basravi Al
jazer Damar refugee camp in the occupied
West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer