the US Secretary of State is back in
Israel for the fifth time in 3
months but if anything's changed after
his visits it's that Israeli forces have
only stepped up their attacks in Gaza
the Palestinian Ministry of Health says
more than 23,000 people have been killed
the Israelis usually after a visit like
this we see we hear rhetoric from the
Netanyahu government indicating uh
something like an intensification last
month with mount domestic pressure
Anthony blinkin said Israel must shift
its strategy it's clear that the
conflict will move and needs to move to
a lower intensity phase um and we expect
to see and want to see uh a shift to
more targeted
operations two weeks later a precise air
strike killed a founder of theam
brigades hamas's military Wing in
southern Beirut neither Washington nor
Tel Aviv are publicly admitting Israel
is responsible but the assassination
adds a pressing Dimension to blink's
discussions in the region most part the
United States has given Israel a free
hand where uh where their most concern
is uh in terms of regional spillover but
the the Lebanon really is the one
theater that is most concerning US
President Joe Biden's energy investment
adviser Hawkin has already been deployed
to Israel to try and cool tensions on
that front the administration however
has all but publicly endorsed the
targeted hit there's also the
contentious post-war scenario several
members of the Israeli government have
made it clear they want to see
Palestinians pushed into the Sinai in
Egypt or even flown to the Congo
Washington has said it won't accept
displacement except that inside Gaza
nearly 2 million people are already
internally displaced largely with no
homes to return to Y Alaba trt World
Washington