the debate over Israel's contentious
judicial Revolt reforms has now reached
the country's stock quote and with this
the protesters are also back on the
streets massive crowds continue to
converge for protest marches before the
hearing protesters also occupy the area
around the country's Supreme Court many
are camping outside the courthouse
itself chance loganering and agitation
continued outside the Court's premises
on Tuesday as the court heard petitions
against first part of judicial reforms
for over 13 hours
[Music]
um
the historic hearing over an amendment
to the reasonable reasonableness Clause
so all 15 Supreme Court judges sitting
together for the first time
democracy does not die with a few major
blows but rather with many small steps
Israeli Supreme Court Judge Isaac Amit
said during the hearing the court
eventually decided to give the lawyers
in court 21 days to add to their
argument the court was filled to
capacity with a mix of lawyers and
politicians including the German
ambassador to Israel and was live
streamed now kicking off the
government's defense of its legislation
legislation was attorney vidzakbot he
argued that determining whether a bill
was unreasonable or what is known as the
reasonableness Clause is too vague and
liable for abuse the Israeli government
did away with the Clause restricting
Cole's ability to overturn some
government Decisions by deeming them
unreasonable
although other tools for voiding
executive decisions remain in place
opponents say the amendment removes a
vital Democratic oversight mechanism a
final verdict however is not expected
for weeks or even months
the government on its part says through
the reforms it aims to stop political
overreach by unelected judges the tussle
over the contentious reforms has been
raging for months together now
critics say the judicial reforms
proposed by the right-wing Coalition in
Israel is the first step towards
dictatorship
the crisis has split Israeli Society
prompting months of mass demonstrations
the United States and other Western
allies have also voiced concern about
the detrimental impact of the judicial
changes on Israel's democracy
foreign
[Music]