the Israeli Army says its forces are
still engaged in fighting with Hamas in
some parts of Southern Israel and that
the situation in the country is not
under control hundreds have been killed
after Hamas launched the biggest attack
on Israel in years sparking Swift
retaliation C was able to get in touch
last night with roline marks a freelance
journalist in Israel who's taken Refuge
with her family at her home's bomb
shelter hi I'm situated in mod in this
is a city in central Israel halfway
between Jerusalem and T Aviv the city is
currently barricaded because uh there
have been infiltrations into Southern
Israel we have had nonstop rocket
attacks including here where I am in my
shelter in modin which is why I'm
sitting in my shelter because we have
been told not to to move far from them
we we have had some building some home
sustain um direct hits but what is
really really hugely concerning for us
now have been infiltrations by Hamas
terrorists on land sea and air on the
air from
paragliders into Israel into Southern
cities where they have kidnapped a
number of Israeli civilians from their
homes some of them whole families
including babies reports of a baby a
little while ago left on a kibuts no
sign where the parents are we actually
heard from the mayor of stot this is a
town about a kilometer away from the
Gaza Strip reporting saying there are
bodies all over the streets people have
been executed he says Israelis can't
even comprehend the level of catastrophe
this this is an unprecedented day as I
am speaking I am hearing the surrounding
booms as the Iron Dome intercepts
Rockets fired at cities like rovot
towards L very close to our airport
close to where I am in mod in which is
why I'm sitting in my bum
shelter and our prime minister said that
Israel is officially in a state of War
this is not an escalation this is not an
operation this is a state of War