following a call between the Israeli
Prime Minister and the American
president an Israeli delegation is set
to travel to Washington in the coming
week to discuss the potential for a
major Israeli ground offensive into Rafa
uh the Israeli Prime Minister spoke with
President Biden uh on Monday about that
potential ground offensive and President
Biden asked Netanyahu to send that
delegation and so this sets the stage
now for a major discussion about the
merits of that ground defensive the
Israeli Prime Minister has said that
Israeli troops must enter that city of
Rafa where some 1 and a half million
Palestinian civilians are currently
Sheltering calling it hamas's last
Bastion but American officials have been
raising increasing concerns in recent
weeks about the potential for that major
offensive talking about the concerns of
the impact that it will have on the
civilians who are Sheltering there but
also on the entry of humanitarian Aid
via that Rafa Crossing from Egypt uh
into the Gaza strip now as these
officials are set to meet to discuss
that potential offensive and what
Americans intend to present as potential
alternatives to that ground defensive
there are still these ongoing
negotiations to try and reach a
temporary ceasefire and the release of
dozens of Israeli hostages an Israeli
delegation had traveled to Doha cutter
after a day though they returned to
Israel for further consultations that
doesn't spell the end of these
negotiations though there is clearly
momentum Behind These talks there there
is clearly movement heading in the right
direction according to the key
negotiators the next steps now is for
Israel to submit a counter proposal to
hamas's latest uh proposal that has been
put on the table uh Cuttery mediators
for their part say they are cautiously
optimistic Jeremy Diamond CNN
Jerusalem