Canada is sending another $40 million to
eight organizations in the Gaza Strip
after suspending funding to the United
Nations relief Agency for Palestinians
the UN has launched an investigation
into several employees suspected of
being involved in the October 7th Hamas
attack here's ctv's Judy Trin anra the
central Lifeline for more than 2 million
Palestinians in Gaza is hobbled as nine
Nations including Canada and the
agency's two biggest donors the US and
Germany SU spend contributions it's a
distraction from preventing an entire
population from access to clean water
food shelter Canada is hitting paws on
$75 million to the agency that was to go
out over the next three years the United
Nations is investigating evidence
provided by Israel that 12 unreal
workers were involved in the October 7th
attacks Canada's former ambassador to
Israel says it's not a surprise that
some workers are linked to H
for unra to be able to do its work
delivering Health social
assistance and education it has to work
with the government and and it has to
work with the people the financial
crisis is happening as Israeli troops
disguised as Medics and a woman entered
a hospital in the West Bank to hunt down
militants that's a war crime you're not
allowed to dress up as a Red Cross
worker or a doctor or a journalist uh
and then launch attacks Israel says
Hamas uses hospitals as human Shields
Shame Shame all adding to the anger in
Muslim and Arab communities last night
the Prime Minister was heckled as he
left an event marking the seventh
anniversary of the Quebec Moss shooting
today the government announced new money
to help Palestinians through different
Aid agencies this additional $40 million
is going to go to the world food program
UNICEF World Health Organization liberal
MP Sama Zed urged the federal government
to restore all funding to anra those
people who have been involved like
should be penalized but we should not
penalize like the people living in Gaza
anra has a $1.1 billion budget with
these funding freezes the agency says it
won't have enough money to operate
Beyond February Omar all right Judy
thank you