the political and Military repercussions
of the Gaza Hospital attack are
far-reaching having already overshadowed
the US president's solidarity visit to
Israel but the human consequences of
this deadly strike no matter which side
is ultimately found responsible are
immediate and
confronting once a hospital now the
sight of the deadliest attack in the
Gaza Strip since hostilities between
Israel and must
began Gaza officials say hundreds have
lost their lives in what Palestinian
authorities describe as a massacre
residents recount the moments before the
blast
must
official responsibility for the attack
has yet to be identified in fact it's
triggered a blame game between Israel
and Palestinian militants with Hamas
labeling the attack as confirmation of
Israel's
brutality Israeli forces say they have
evidence that suggests
otherwise according to our intelligence
Hamas checked the reports understood it
was an Islamic Jihad
rocket that had misfired and decided to
launch a global media campaign to hide
what really
happened they went as far as inflating
the numbers of
casualties they understood with absolute
certainty that it was a rocket misfired
by Islamic Jihad that damaged the
hospital they even released an audio
recording allegedly a conversation
between militants detailing how Rockets
misfired the IDF estimat around 450
Rockets fired from Gaza had fallen short
and landed within the strip in the past
11 days US President Joe Biden who is in
Tel Aviv condemned the attack but voiced
his backing for Israel's account of
events I was deeply saddened and
outraged by the uh explosion at the
hospital in Gaza yesterday and based on
what I've seen it appears as though it
was done by the other team not not you
the Al Ali Al Arabi hospital is in the
northern part of Gaza reports suggest
Israeli forces had warned the hospital's
management to vacate the premises just
days ago after two Israeli shells had
damaged the building Israel is now
repeating calls for Gaza residents to
head south to the town of Al mawasi
located near the Egyptian border it says
humanitarian Aid will be made available
but it is unclear how that will be
brought into The Enclave with no end in
to the air strikes eight convoys on the
other side of the Rafa border have been
left stranded for
days