now Arab and Muslim leaders gathered in
Saudi Arabia for an extraordinary joint
Islamic Arab Summit in an attempt to
exert its influence to press the United
States and Israel to bring an immediate
end to the bombings which have resulted
in such horrific suffering for the
people in the Gaza Strip the Iranian
president was also present and he has
strongly condemned the Israeli
bombardment of the gazen onclave in the
latest the Iranian president Ibrahim REI
is called on the Arab and the Islamic
world leaders to designate Israel's
military as a terrorist
organization in his very first visit to
rad since Iran and Saudi Arabia agreed
to restore their ties in the month of
March Ibrahim RI has urged Nations that
have ties with Israel to sever them and
has called for greater support for the
Palestinian people Iranian president
Ibrahim has called for support from the
Islamic Nation saying that Gaza is not
an arena forward it is time for Nations
to in fact Act act and bring about a
concrete resolution to the bombings that
are presently under way in the Gaza
Strip now echoing what the Iranian
president said the Syrian president
Bashar al-assad has called for countries
to stop normalization talks with
Israel
pH
the Saudi Crown Prince Muhammad bin
Salman has also denounced the attacks on
the Gaza Strip he reiterated his stance
during the Riyad Summit calling for an
immediate end to the bombings of
Gaza
The Joint meeting has been convene in
response to the exceptional
circumstances taking place in the Gaza
Strip earlier two separate meetings were
in fact scheduled over the weekend one
of the Arab League and one of the OIC
member nations and now it has been
combined the Arab nations are divided on
normalizing ties with Israel and
condemning the humanitarian crisis which
is unfolded in the Gaza
Strip to prepare for this extraordinary
joint Arab Muslim Summit an as per
reports the Arab foreign ministers who
held an emergency meeting on Thursday
were divided as some countries LED
Algeria had called to cut off diplomatic
ties with Israel
altogether