balah is playing a very very dangerous
gamea is aggressing and it is dragging
Lebanon into a war that it will gain
nothing from but stands to lose a
lot
come
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
oh
bottom line is and this is what you all
need to
knowah is playing a very very dangerous
game they're escalating the situation we
see more and more attacks every day in
addition by the way many Rockets have
been fired into this area and we've had
Rockets alarms in this area as well and
Rockets Landing in Western North the
Northwestern galile so his balah has
been escalating the situation steadily
over the last few days with various
types of weapons we maintain our focus
on the South but extremely important for
everybody in Lebanon to ask themselves
the question of the
price is the Lebanese State really
willing to jeopardize what is left of
Lebanese prosperity and Lebanese
sovereignty for the sake of terrorists
in in Gaza for the Isis of Gaza that's a
question that the Lebanese Authority
authorities need to ask themselves and
answer because the way it is looking
nowah is aggressing and it is dragging
Lebanon into a war that it will gain
nothing from but stands to lose a
lot and it should be stated and noted in
the record that Israel has not been
aggressing of along the blue line that
we have been defending ourselves only
and thatal is the one that is aggressing
and of course the state of Lebanon is
responsible for everything that happens
in its
territory
breaking news detailed analysis in-depth
interviews and explainers follow the
times of India subscribe to our YouTube
channel don't forget to like our videos
and hit the Bell icon to stay updated
with the
latest