[Music]
[Applause]
I've never sort of done any kind of
March never attended anything like this
before um but yeah it was braan that
made me come
out bra the one that brought me here
today was the attempt to confuse what
we're talking about with hate and the
fact that I deeply believe that we're
here in remembrance we're trying to
remember the people who are dying today
as well as the people who died in the
past I was in the TA and I served in
Iraq my sister's in the military today
is a really important day for anybody
who has lost loved ones in any War to be
marching today against this look around
you nothing remotely close to any sort
of hatred it's a peace March we're here
for peace country has hope because it's
giving us the right to protest the
government is trying to portray these
marches I hate marches but look at the
diversity I'm seeing white people I'm
seeing black people I'm seeing Muslims
I'm seeing Jews I'm seeing everyone
who's we're being united as humans my
grandparents I used to blame them for
leaving Palestine in 1948 but now seeing
what's happening in Gaza in front of our
eyes anyone looking for their safety and
their human rights right they will leave
they will leave and then the future
Generations are going to B them please
be louder than me what do we want what
do we want us what do we want one do we
want it so has got to you know you've
got to realize stop polarizing people
stop making people hate each other I
think our words are dangerous because I
think what it does it actually caus
people who are on the fringes of the
right to come along and cause issues in
what is a peaceful
[Applause]
[Music]
protest
Eng