saan bakir is a 46-year-old Palestinian
living in occupi Jerusalem she has three
daughters and a son saan prepares this
back for her daughter Mara who was
imprisoned in 2015 when she was just 16
Israel accused her of an attempted
stabbing and being a member of
Hamas she was sentenced to 8 years in
prison Mara's name is on a list of
palestin prisoners who are candidates
for being released in the latest hostage
deal her mother hopes Mara will be home
in 24
hours honestly I have a lot of mixed
feelings I don't know if I'm nervous
since the beginning of the war my
daughter has been in solidary
confinement Mara doesn't know about the
deal and she doesn't know if she'll be
released I follow the news 24 hours a
day we are as happy as can be but we are
afraid that Israel will arrest her after
her release or put her in administrative
detention hamama said say 50 women and
children will be released but so far
their names have not been revealed their
families are anticipating welcoming them
home
soon I'm just happy that something is
happening and I have the chance to dream
that they will really be freed and
they're alive I can see the light even
if it's not all sunshine it's some kind
of ray of light there will be also 4-day
pause in the conflict and at least 10 of
those 50 host messages are expected to
be released each
day some believe this pause could be the
beginning of the end of the fighting but
the Israeli Prime Minister is adamant it
will continue determined enough to
continue the
war there is nonsense out there as if
after the ceasefire to return the
hostages that we will stop the war after
the hostages are returned I would like
to make it clear we are at War and we
continue the war until we achieve all
our goals eliminate Hamas return all the
hostages and missing and guarantee that
there will be no threat to Israel in
Gaza Hamas said 300 trucks carrying
humanitarian Aid will be allott into the
Gaza Strip according to the
deal