[Music]
the Israeli operation started in the
dark hours of Monday
morning inside the hospital soldiers
were engaged in heavy gun battles with
Hamas
Fighters by first light smoke was seen
rising from the compound and the sound
of heavy explosions thundered around the
neighborhood the isra military released
Drone footage apparently showing their
soldiers coming under Fire outside Al
shifa they say that senior Hamas
Fighters have been Gathering inside the
hospital to plan and launch attacks our
war is against Hamas not against the
people of Gaza we seek no harm to the
civilians that Hamas is hiding behind
which is why we will conduct this
operation with caution and Care
thousands are trapped inside the
hospital patients medical staff and
civilian Sheltering there is
international concern for their safety
this will necessarily make things more
complicated for people who are still in
that area in north of Gaza we have been
last time able to get to shifa hospital
a week ago to bring some fuel and
medical supplies but what we have seen
and that's what we are seeing in all the
other hospital is it's a lack of
supplies lack of food lack of fuel lack
of uh uh medical
experts the IDF says it has found
weapons and money inside the hospital
dozens of Hamas Fighters have been
reportedly killed and many more
[Applause]
arrested as a Sky News team was filming
close to the hospital today an air
strike hit
[Applause]
nearby this lady is left alone in the
street holding the body of her husband
until help
arrives families carrying what they can
in their arms and on their backs walk
through the dusty Haze of
War it seems little point in running
when there is nowhere safe to run
to