u.s national security adviser jake
sullivan is in israel and during his
three-day trip to the region sullivan
met israeli president isaac herzog the
focus of the meeting was the iran
nuclear program remember the meeting
between sun even and herzog comes at a
time when wild powers scramble to
salvage the nuclear deal in vienna taken
to twitter israel's president isaac
herzog
expressed his deep appreciation for u.s
president joe biden's close friendship
with israel
he father thanked biden's administration
in maintaining and reinforcing israel's
strong and meaningful ties herzog also
expressed israeli desire to stop iran
from acquiring nuclear weapons at all
costs according to herzog's office the
israeli president told sullivan that the
middle east is currently divided into
two coalitions and that they are working
towards a better world for their
citizens
meanwhile during his three-day visit
sullivan is also scheduled to hold
detailed discussions with israeli prime
minister naftali bennett reports suggest
that u.s and israeli officials will talk
about how they see the coming weeks
unfolding with iran negotiators say time
is running out to save the nuclear deal
this is talks remain adjourned for at
least 10 days in vienna sullivan will
also reaffirm the u.s commitment to
israel's security the united states and
israel are in total agreement that iran
must not be allowed to develop a nuclear
weapon currently the u.s wants iran to
comply with the jcpoa iran instead wants
u.s to first lift the sanctions
sullivan will also meet with palestinian
president mohammed abbas to discuss
strengthening u.s relations with the
palestinians in ramallah he will discuss
ongoing efforts to strengthen ties and
ways to advance peace and security for
palestinians and israelis alike
we on is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move