Israeli Prime Minister yalapi derived in
Germany on Sunday and this comes as part
of his latest diplomatic effort to
persuade Western powers to forego their
nuclear deal with Iran now the nuclear
deal has been stagnant since former U.S
president Donald Trump Donald Trump
withdrew in
2018. he also imposed more sanctions on
Iran and there have been efforts to
restore the agreement since 2021.
however last month's effort at
restoration had been slowed down after
Germany France and Britain raised
concerns about Iran's sincerity in
restoring the deal
now prior to his visit lapid had thanked
the three countries for the strong
position on this matter and Israeli
official also said they did not expect a
deal a renewal before November Germany
France and Britain said that Iran was
escalating its nuclear program Beyond
justification meanwhile Iran slammed the
commons called them unconstructive lapid
is scheduled to me Chancellor Olaf shows
along with foreign minister
and president
before returning to Israel later today
[Music]
now Israel has been opposed to the
Revival of the 2015 Accord the Iran
nuclear deal was signed in a 2015 by
Iran and several world powers including
the United States the United Kingdom
Russia France China and Germany and also
the European Union according to this
framework Iran would redesign and reduce
its nuclear facilities they will also
accept the additional protocol in order
to lift related economic sanctions this
would free up billions of dollars in oil
revenue and frozen assets Israel feels
that Iran would use revenue from
sanctions relief to bolster Allied
groups capable of attacking Israel now
last month the European Union put
forward a fun draft of disagreement the
union acts as the mediator of the
nuclear talks Iran and the United States
then took turns to respond to this text
however Washington said that tehran's
reply was a step backwards
Beyond is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move