this is the new British Field hospital
being constructed in southern
Gaza it's being staffed by NHS doctors
flown in from the UK we have a number of
family doctor stations which gradually
will become an emergency department as
the hospital becomes fully
[Music]
operational they're working around the
clock to get it built once fully
operational probably in the next four or
5 days they'll be able to care for 250
patients a day here further down this
building
here is going to be an inpatient Ward so
we will have three Wards so 36 patients
in
here for thousands this will become the
only hospital that they can get easy or
safe access
to the hospitals are far away we have no
Transportation also they're quite busy
because there are so many wounded people
being treated
there we are suffering because of living
in camps because of malnutrition we are
always
ill jaala camp in Northern Gaza is where
the humanitarian crisis is at its
worst there's only one road here for a
trucks and they've often struggled to
get into the north either stopped by the
IDF or or unable to go forward because
of the security
situation 70% of people in Northern Gaza
are said to be on the brink of
starvation and today the British foreign
secretary accused Israel of closing its
border crossing on Saturdays and said
that some British Aid had been waiting
at the border for almost 3 weeks for
Israel to let it in the United Nations
told us that Israel was rejecting many
essential items for a full range of
nutritional support and for medical
support we need to get the private
sector the phes and other places and
other outlets working people focus on
food of course but it's it's not just
food there's all sorts of stuff that
needs to go in is that being allowed in
or are you finding a lot of stuff being
rejected well there's a lot of stuff get
rejected for water and sanitation and
for Health Systems um and particular you
have like solar panels and for things
like generators spare parts for Wen
sanitation systems they're blocked
chemicals for treating water are blocked
as
well the simple reality is is that the
less food there is the greater the
desperation and the worse the security
becomes is a vicious circle in a vicious
wall alist bule Sky News in Jerusalem