we can now bring in our International
Affairs editor Angela definitely good
afternoon Angela hi will blinken's visit
achieve anything at all
well of course this visit was scheduled
before this recent upsurge in violence
so we'll talk perhaps uh a little minute
about what
was on the agenda beforehand in terms of
this upsurge in violence tomorrow when
he visits Ramallah he is likely to try
to ask the head of the Palestinian
Authority Mahmoud Abbas to try to
restore coordination security
cooperation with the Israelis today with
Netanyahu we've already heard him
nothing has changed in that he has
reiterated Washington's commitment to a
two-state solution and uh called upon
both sides to de-escalate and certainly
not to let this spiral out of control
the two-state solution is much more
complicated now Benjamin Netanyahu is in
Coalition with some Ultra nationalists
who openly do not espouse the idea of a
two-state solution so that is an
important factor which is complicating
events in the in the Middle East it is
also important to note that the Biden
Administration also scheduled this visit
because they hoped to get off on a
better footing with Netanyahu Joe Biden
of course knows Netanyahu Joe Biden's
been around for an awful long time but
Joe Biden was also vice president in the
Obama Administration and Obama had
famously very lukewarm relationship with
Netanyahu the Democrats in Washington
are very wary of him and Biden is Keen
to try to get this relationship off on a
better footing that can only help events
in the Middle East they will also
probably talk about trying to build on
the Abraham Accords where many other
states Morocco United Arab Emirates
Sudan have recently Bahrain have
recently opened diplomatic relationships
with Israel and recognized to Israel
there is a long-standing rumor that
Saudi Arabia if the conditions in the
Middle East if the condition with the
Palestinians are not at their worst they
might move towards recognizing Israel
that's a long way to go but it certainly
won't be helped if things spiral out of
control nevertheless the Americans will
also stress Israel's legitimate concern
for its security and its right to defend
itself Angela thank you very much for
that Angela different