thanks for joining us on adang news I'm
kimami in s we start in Gaza dozens of
people have been killed in an Israeli
air strike in Rafa an Israeli operation
has also freed two hostages being held
in the area ponu with the
latest Israeli air strikes hit Rafa in
southern Gaza on Monday AFP news agency
said 52 people were killed in the air
strikes while Rutters reported at least
37 people were killed in the air strikes
both citing Health officials in
Gaza we were at home when the air
strikes were ongoing suddenly all the
walls of the bathroom and all the
containers above it collapsed on
me according to Residents two MOS and
several houses were hit many of the dead
or wounded were taken to the nearby
Kuwaiti
hospital we have received hundreds of
patients about more more than 55 injured
people in addition to
16 de who have been received by the
emergency emergency ambulances and
actually all of them have come in the
same hour while Israel has been
signaling about its plan offensive in
Rafa where more than half of gaza's
residents are Sheltering a number of
countries including the US have warned
Israel about the offensive for the US
president Joe Biden reaffirmed his
stance to prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu during a call on Sunday that
Israel should not conduct its operation
without a quote credible and executable
plan to protect
civilians meanwhile Israeli Defense
Forces said they had rescued two
hostages in an operation in Rafa two
Israeli hostages both men were rescued
from Rafa during a special operation
overnight after 128 days captivity the
IDF said the hostages are in good
medical condition and have been
transferred to Sheba Medical Center in
Israel in the ongoing War at least
28,000 100 Palestinians have been killed
according to gaza's health Ministry
while at least 1,100 people died in
Israel including on October 7th ponu
news