we were earlier joined by urel abula an
associate professor of political science
at Tel Aviv University here's what he
had to say
here it went relatively well yesterday
and to see the reunion of the families
was tremendously
emotional it was a Happy Days obviously
for those who were released and for
their
families it seems like things are going
relatively smoothly today as well there
have been a couple of breaches of the
ceasefire but relatively minor at
that and so we do expect 14 more
hostages to be released today in
exchange for 42
Palestinians prisoners who will be
released from the Israeli
side what comes next of course according
to the deal is three more days of such
an exchange until 50 Israeli hostages
will be released
and then there is a possibility of
extending up until to 10 days with each
day Kamas releasing 10 more Israeli
hostages we were also joined by a
prominent Palestinian human rights
Defender Omar baruti earlier
listening Israel has violated the truth
by shooting at Palestinian civilians
walking through the main road to go back
to their homes uh the agreement between
the the occupier and the occupied did
not include any prohibition on
Palestinian civilians not going back
home this is absolutely ludicrous what
Israel is worried about is the
international media covering what
exactly it has been doing for 50 days
which is an absolute genocidal War as
hundreds of international law experts
genocide experts including Israeli
genocide experts like Omar bov and Ras
seal and many others are saying this is
an unfolding genocide so Israel is is
terrified of this story those images
coming out to the world exposing what it
has been
[Music]
doing