as West Asia braces for potential
Israeli retaliation of Iran's weekend
attack Teran is warning it will use
weapons never used before against Israel
if it carries out any Adventure this
next report tries to gauge the gravity
of the situation
in the face of the Israeli threat of
retaliation Iran sees it is putting
together a terrifying arsenal of
anticraft launchers and fighter jets it
is also threatening to fire weapons that
have never been used before all this it
says to present a severe extensive and
painful response to even the slightest
action by Israel
if the Zionist regime makes the
slightest move to violate our territory
and harm the national interests of the
Islamic Republic they must understand
that they will face a severe and heavy
[Music]
response Iran's warning has been
accompanied by a parade of its drones
missiles and soldiers to show it is
ready for any resp response from
[Music]
Israel over the weekend Iran launched
hundreds of missiles and kamikazi drones
at Israel this was in response to a
purped Israeli strike on Iran's Embassy
compound in Syria's Damascus on April
1st among the 12 people killed were two
Iranian generals while Israel claims 99%
of Iranian projectiles were neutralized
and has pledged to retaliate hard it is
refusing to say when and
how we cannot stand still from this kind
of aggression Iran will not get scut
free with this
aggression the British foreign secretary
David Cameron and his German counterpart
an Elena Bok are the first Western
envoys to visit Israel they urging calm
but it seems unlikely that Israeli Prime
Minister Benin Netanyahu is paying
heed it's clear the Israelis are making
a decision to act we hope they do so in
a way that does as little to escalate
this as
possible Iran is calling the barrage of
missiles fired on Israel as an act of
self-defense after the deadly air strike
on its Consulate in Syria it has said
that it will consider the matter
concluded unless Israel retaliates all
eyes are now on netanyahu's next
move VI report Von world is
one for all the latest news download the
weon app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel