Israel's allout war against Hamas
militants in Gaza has deeply affected
the Palestinian citizens residing in The
Enclave at least 1,55 people are dead
while over 5,000 have been injured and
Israel's total Siege of the territory
after Saturday's Hamas offensive has
taken a toll on its civilian population
who are struggling for basic needs apart
from facing acute water shortage Gaza
now plunges into darkness as its sole
part power plant runs out of
fuel take a look at the Gaza Strip now
Israel is slowly turning into a ghost
town as Israeli warplanes Hammer the
neighborhood reducing buildings to
rubble and sending people scrambling to
find safety this tiny seal of territory
is now suffering severe retaliation from
the Israelis for the deadly weakened
attack by Hamas
militants
Israel has stopped entry of food Fuel
and medicines into Gaza it has targeted
the sole remaining axis from Egypt into
Gaza by conducting air strikes near the
rough our water crossing even as
humanitarian groups pleaded for the
creation of corridors to get Aid in into
Gaza warning that hospitals were
overwhelmed with Wounded people were
running out of supplies despite the
repeated shelling off the Rafa border
crossing Egypt has vowed to send Aid to
the people of Palestine it has proposed
a 6r SE fire to deliver humanitarian Aid
through its border with the Gaza Strip
each day pass as each day passes and the
shelling escalates Gaza Strip continues
to face a deeper humanitarian crisis
with trapped residents being cut off
from food water and other basic
necessities gaza's electricity Authority
has now announced that the only Power
Plant in the Gaza Strip which is under
Israeli bombardment and Siege has shut
down after it ran out of
fuel
[Music]