Israel forces say Hamas has lost control
of Northern Gaza prompting thousands of
Palestinians to flee as they press on
with their offensive targeting hamas's
tunos the US continues to seek a
humanitarian PA for hostages to be
released eing J has
more according to Israel's military
spokesperson rear Admiral Daniel hagari
during a televised briefing on Wednesday
Hamas has lost control of Northern Gaza
as thousands of gazans have moved South
the spokesperson said some 50,000
Palestinians moved from the northern
Gaza Strip to the South adding that
they're moving because they understand
that Hamas has lost control in the north
while hagari reiterated the government's
stance that there will be no ceasefire
he said Israel has been allowing
humanitarian pauses at specific times to
allow gazin to relocate South in a press
release also on Wednesday the Israel
defend Defense Forces claimed it had
destroyed 130 Hamas tunnel shafts as it
continues with its air and ground
operations in Gaza according to the
statement combat engineers fighting in
Gaza are destroying hamas's weapons and
are locating exposing and detonating
tunnel shafts meanwhile the US is
closely discussing with Israel and Qatar
a proposal for a pause in fighting in
Gaza of up to 3 days which will allow
the delivery of more humanitarian Aid
and the Poss possible release of some
hostages held by Hamas while Israel has
made it clear that a humanitarian
ceasefire would only come if the
Palestinian militant group releases all
240 hostages a senior Arab Source
familiar with the discussions said there
was hope that a deal could still be
reached adding that the parties involved
are at a critical stage of the
negotiations a diplomat briefed on the
matter said that a pause of 1 to 3 days
could allow the release of 10 to 15
hostages and also give Hamas time to
gather information of the identities and
locations of all the hostages in order
to secure the release of dozens
moreid news