for our youngest kids i would say seven
and under
we really want to shield and protect
them from this information if we can
they're young enough that they're mostly
with us and they're mostly in a
child-centric kind of environment so we
can be pretty good about that there
isn't this like i must educate my
children about what's going on in the
world no what we need to do is to make
sure that our children have a perception
of psychological safety and so in this
case no news is good news when they're
older we can go back and talk about what
happened in history
um but i think for our youngest kids
it would be fine just to say turn off
the news turn off the radio turn off the
the visuals
um and let them have their their peace
of mind in there and their innocence i'd
like to to encourage every parent to
stay as interested as their their teen
would like to be interested that this is
a big moment for for some of them and i
think it um it's important to just stay
at their interest level uh and for every
family to do something that is a form of
of social activism but just so you know
that can be as small as
putting a peace sign in your window
that can be making a donation to one of
the approved
organizations
but to sit and worry isn't helpful to do
something even if it's a small thing
saying a prayer um
anything that is actionable is going to
be helpful
so as soon as our kids start getting a
little bit older you know we have to
recognize that
we no longer control what they have
access to and so most kids are going to
be on some kind of a device that's just
modern life i mean it just is
and so it's going to come up somehow
it's going to come up in tick-tock it's
going to come up in instagram it's going
to come up in their feeds and they're
going to bump into this stuff and some
of them will be fascinated some will be
confused a child is going to be way more
reactive to something that has visual
inputs and audio input