situation of the hostages and prisoners
in the war big claims have been made by
both sides about the treatment Meed out
to Israeli hostages in Gaza and
Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails
while anxious wait continues for the
Israeli hostages still being held by
Hamas in the Gaza Strip over the 240
hostages taken by Hamas 105 have been
released by the palestin militant group
this includes 80 Israeli hostages
Israelis have continued to pressurize
Netanyahu government to release the
remaining hostages some hostages have
described close uh from Close Quarters
what uh what happened to them in those
suffocating areas the that they had no
access to medication uh with dwindling
Food Supplies children have shared
accounts of uh what they had to go
through uh in all of this as well our
correspondent Jodi Kohan engaged the
volunteers at the hostage Square in Tel
Aviv listen in
I'm at hostages Square where relatives
of the 138 remaining hostages gather
speaking to people about their loved
ones the war cabinet met with the
families and some of the freed hostages
on Tuesday night and it was reportedly
an emotional meeting with some of the
families demanding the government
prioritize the release of the hostages
Above All Else including the war effort
and some calling on the prime minister
to resign meanwhile Netanyahu reportedly
said that the Israel Defense Forces are
working 24 hours a day to try and find
out information about the hostages and
that the best way to pressure Hamas to
release them is militarily and through
diplomacy security officials believe it
may take a month to return to the
military pressure that led Hamas they
say to the hostage deal in the first
place and according to a Us Media report
US officials believe major operations in
southern Gaza could be over by the end
of January this is jod Cohen for weon
world is one I think for hanuka we want
a miracle to release the
hostage and uh we want the negotiation
to be uh
immediately uh and to be like it
started meanwhile released Palestinian
prisoners have also shared their account
of ill treatment Meed out to them in
prisons which are especially intensified
after the October 7th attacks on
Israel
as the war goes on between Israel and
Hamas families of hostages and
Palestinians in the besieged strip
continue to
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
suffer