the United Nations Top Court heard
closing arguments on the legality of
Israel's decades long occupation of
Palestinian territories the week-long
hearings have mounted pressure on Israel
at a time when it is planning to launch
an offensive on Rafa now this is the
first time since 1967 that the
international court of justice the icj
has been asked to detail the legal
consequences of what's being called
Israel's occupation settlement and
annexation of the territories including
the West Bank and East Jerusalem the UN
General Assembly had asked the court to
give an advisory opinion a final opinion
from the court may come after several
months while delivering his statement to
the court turkey's Deputy foreign
minister Ahmed yis said that Israeli
occupation of Palestinian territories is
the root cause of conflict in the
region situation the unfolding situation
after October 7 proves once again that
without addressing the root cause of the
Israeli Palestinian conflict ICT there
can be no peace in the
region Israeli Palestinian conflict did
not start on 7 October
2023 the conflict is not about a certain
Palestinian faction or group the
conflict dates back to an earlier
Century but the real obstacle to peace
is
obvious the deepening occupation by
Israel of the Palestinian territories
including his jerus M and failure to
implement the two state
vision Israel and Palestine living side
by
side over the last week the world court
has heard arguments from more than 50
countries most of them have sided with
the Palestinian Representatives who
argue that Israel has long abused
Palestinian rights with impunity and
denied their right to self-
determination Israel itself has not been
a part of the hearings but it has
claimed that the questions raised by the
world Court are
biased of the
con