and our top focus at this hour the
Israeli military has released footage
claiming to show the minor damage to the
grounds of the neam air base in the
country's Southeast the damage was
caused by Iran's largely thwarted aerial
attack the previous night it was the
first ever direct attack on Israel by
Iran now the Israel Defense Forces also
released a video showing workers
repairing damage to the grounds of the
air base the facility had remained
operational throughout
last night Israel experienced one of the
most dramatic nights we have ever
experienced hundreds of missiles of
various types were fired at the state of
Israel including over 100 ballistic
missiles fired from Iran each with
hundreds of kilograms of explosives The
Continuous preparations we did together
with our American Partners brought the
most impressive results
the US Central Command said that in the
past 2 days the US forces supported by
us European command destroyers destroyed
more than 80 one-way attack drones and
at least six ballistic missiles aimed at
Israel from Iran and Yemen the Israeli
Army released footage that it said
showed its fighter jets intercept
unmanned aerial vehicles and cruise
missiles launched from Iran towards
Israel
Iran launched the Attack 2 weeks after
Israel reportedly bombed Iran's
Consulate in Syria Israel's Chief
military spokesperson said that the
country remains on high alert after
Iran's Mass drone and missile attack
over the last few hours we approved
operational plans for both offensive and
defensives action we will continue to
protect the state of the state of Israel
and together with our partners we will
continue to build a more secure and
stable future for the entire Middle
East meanwhile the Israeli military said
that it will soon call up two Reserve
divisions for operations in Gaza where
it has been conducting a war against
Hamas Hamas authorities have claimed
that at least five Palestinians were
killed as Israeli forces opened fire at
Palestinians who were attempting to head
back to the northern part of the Gaza
Strip now on the other hand displaced
Palestinians have attempted to go back
to the areas they are from in Northern
Gaza and crowds of people walked by the
Sea Coast on vadi Gaza in nerat camp
area in the hope of being allowed to
cross back
I
[Music]