continuing with the Israel Hamas War
West patience with Israel is wearing
thin and now Britain is all set to warn
Israel on the Dreadful situation facing
the people in The
Enclave foreign minister David ceron
says people are dying of hunger due to
lack of Aid we are facing a UK's foreign
minister told Parliament that Israel's
handling of Aid as occupying power is
Raising questions over its compliance
with International laws the remarks come
ahead of Cameron's meeting with Israeli
War Cabinet member Benny
G we are facing a situation of dreadful
suffering in Gaza there can be no doubt
about that I spoke some weeks ago about
the danger of this tipping into famine
and the danger of illness tipping into
disease and we are now at that point
people are dying o of hunger people are
dying of otherwise preventable diseases
Israel is the occupying power it is
responsible and that has consequences
including in how we look at whether
Israel is compliant with International
humanitarian law so I think that is the
most important thing um uh on the issue
of Gaza like the US Britain initially
supported Israel's assault on Gaza that
was in response to the Hamas attack on
October 7th that killed 1200 people and
the militants took 253 hostages with
them to The Enclave but now the
Palestinian Health authorities putting
the death toll at over 30,000 Cameron a
former prime minister is among those who
have stepped up the calls for ceasefire
in recent weeks the United Nations has
already warned that many people are on
the brink of starvation in Gaza the
Israeli War Cabinet member Benny guns is
heading to the UK after meeting US
Secretary of State anony
from the White House to the message is
clear that Israel needs to act urgently
to enable the delivery of humanitarian
aid for all the latest news download the
we on app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel