this evening in exchange for the new
hostages released Israel releasing 30
more Palestinians and now another flasho
tonight there are reports coming in that
two Palestinian boys just eight and 15
were shot and killed in an Israeli
counterterror raid ABC's Tom Sufi Burge
with difficult images he's in the West
Bank
Tonight Tonight with tensions rising in
the West
Bank disturbing video showing the moment
two Palestinian boys are shot dead by
the Israeli military the IDF launching
what they called a counterterror raid in
the town of Janine that Israel sees as a
hot bed of terrorism the IDF conducting
operations there long before this War
Began 8-year-old Adam Sama Al Gul and
15-year-old Basel sulan Abu alwafa both
killed Israel saying it also killed two
high-ranking terrorists in the same raid
and that soldiers only opened fire on
people who threw explosives at them in
the few seconds of video we have before
the shooting the boys are not seen
throwing anything in that video the
older boy is seen holding a small object
in his
hand their families mourning While
others hold out hope to see their loved
ones again Israel releasing 30 more
Palestinian women and children held in
jails 180 Palestinians now freed in the
past 5 days we visited the Hana family
anxiously waiting around the television
for news officials here in the West Bank
announcing their daughter 21-year-old
Dan will come home she was not charged
with a serious crime but detained by
Israel for 10 days for allegedly
supporting Terror Dan's father Saka
telling
me I'm looking forward to hugging her
again and David some of those
Palestinian prisoners expected here in
rala possibly we're told within the next
hour their relatives Gathering here to
welcome them home David Tom Sufi bur
there inala for us Tom thank
you hi everyone George monopis here
thanks for checking out the ABC News
YouTube channel if you'd like to get
more videos show highlights and watch
live event coverage click on the right
over here to subscribe to our Channel
and don't forget to download the ABC
News app for breaking news alerts thanks
for
watching