leaders from around the world condemned
the recent attack on Gaza hospital that
killed at least 500 people Palestinian
authorities blamed an Israeli air strike
while the Israeli military blamed a
rocket misfired by other Palestinian
militants years out the world leaders
have reacted so far prime minister
Narendra Modi tweeted on X today and I
quote deeply shocked at the tragic loss
of lives at the alali hospital in Gaza
civilian casualties in the ongoing
conflict are a matter of serious and
continuing concern those involved should
be held responsible United States
President Joe Biden said on Twitter and
I quote I'm outraged and deeply saddened
by the explosion at the alali Arab
Hospital in Gaza and the terrible loss
of life that resulted Biden is set to
visit Israel
today the Iranian president declared a
day of public mour he said and I quote
the Flames of the US Israeli bombs
dropped this evening on Palestinian w
victims injured at the hospital in Gaza
will soon consume the zionists Canadian
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said he
was and I quote horrified by the
incident he added and I quote my
thoughts are with those who lost loved
ones it is imperative that innocent
civilians be protected and international
law upheld French president Emanuel
macron wrote on X that nothing can
justify a strike against a hospital
nothing can justify targeting civilians
Malala yusf Zai also took to the ex and
expressed a grief over the tragedy I am
here to add my voice to those from
Palestine Israel and around the world
crying out for peace Collective
punishment is not the answer half of
gaza's population is under 18 years old
they should not be forced to live their
entire lives under bombing and an unjust
occupation I'm directing
$300,000 to Charities working to help
Palestinian chur children and people in
danger I ask everyone who's watching
this video to donate to organizations
providing humanitarian Aid together we
must make it clear to our leaders that
we expect them to work towards an
immediate ceasefire and an enduring
peace