India is putting in place a major
operation to evacuate citizens who wish
to return from the conflict hit Area
announcing the initiative late on
Wednesday external affairs minister has
said that a special chartered flight
will be arranged in fact several such
flights will be arranged this will be
the seven second evacuation I beg your
pardon this year uh operation cavi of
course was the first bringing back
several thousand Indian citizens from
pfon Sudan in April and May launching
operation a to facilitate the return
from Israel of our citizens who wish to
return special charter flights and other
arrangements are being put in place we
are fully committed to safety and
well-being of our Nationals as for
Shankar has said the Indian Embassy in
Tel Aviv meanwhile has stated that it
has emailed the first slot of registered
Indian citizens for a special flight
that is expected to take off for India
today the council general of Israel has
assured that assistance will be extended
to India there are several questions at
the moment that still need to be asked
on how citizens are going to be
evacuated how citizens are expected to
make their way to tell aiv what is the
plan of action what is the kind of
logistical ground support that Israel is
extending to India all of those are
questions that need to be answered
Meanwhile we're also putting out
helpline numbers on our screens for the
benefit of Indian residents watching us
here and abroad uh you can dial those
numbers and get access to full
information before you do decide to step
out of
safety I congratulate prime minister
Narendra Modi for launching operation AI
to bring Indian C back from Israel there
are around 18,000 Indian citizen in
Israel including 1,000 Indian students
whom we love very much the Indian
business community that we love and
respect so much contribute to our
economy in a big
way Indian nurses and caregivers have
become part of our
families the Israeli government is doing
the atmost to assist the Indian Embassy
in AV in operation
agile we look forward to welcome all of
you back in Israel once we win the war
against Hamas Isis
terrorist
jind Israel