the spiraling Israel hamus crisis taking
Center Stage as foreign ministers from
the Group of Seven democracies meet in
Tokyo ahead of talks more than 100
protesters gathered near the summit
venue calling for a ceasefire in Gaza
they held placards and marched on the
road before they were cordoned off by
the
[Music]
police
US Secretary of State Anthony blinkin
said that the meeting is an important
moment for G7 Nations to come together
on the crisis but the group is
struggling for for a United stance on
the issue since the war erupted a month
ago the G7 has only issued one joint
statement while the group members have
issued separate lines M Ishida has more
on what to expect from the
meeting barely two months into a job as
Japan's top Diplomat Yoko kamikawa is in
the hot seat chairing the first G7
foreign ministers meeting since Fierce
fighting broke out between Israel and
[Music]
Hamas Japan has traditionally maintained
good ties with both Israel and the
Palestinians
when the US and France voted against the
UN resolution for a humanitarian
ceasefire in the Gaza Strip Japan along
with Germany UK Italy and Canada chose
to abstain from the
vote The Divide is expected to manifest
again here in Tokyo as the two-day
huddle between G7 foreign ministers gets
underway there are questions whether
countries will be able to agree on a
final document because of the divided
views
but on another front G7 foreign
ministers are expected to be able to
present a more united
front as the Ukraine war drags on their
Ukrainian counterpart has been invited
to speak online in a special session
during which G7 members are expected to
reconfirm their support for the country
in a move that's been seen as another
efforts to counter Russia foreign
ministers from five Central Asian
countries have been invited to
participate online in the G7 foreign
ministers meeting
here the Outreach comes ahead of Japan's
first summit with Central Asian
countries next year as it joins other
countries in stepping up engagement with
the region Meo ishid Tokyo