a Gaza Rescue Team rushes to the scene
after Israeli air strikes hit another
neighborhood one of its members is
Ibraham hamen he has been on duty almost
nonstop since October 7th when Israel's
bombardment of Gaza began hours after
hammer militants Rampage through Israeli
towns killing
civilians hen said he is attending about
10 calls a day some lasting hours he
tries to talk to his wife and six
children using video calls between
[Music]
rescues
Israel's bombardment came after Hamas
sent hundreds of Fighters into Israel
where they killed at least 1,300 people
in their homes on the streets and at a
rave Israel's air strikes are the most
intense it has ever directed at Gaza
home to 2.3 million
people local Health authorities say more
than 1500 people in The Enclave have
been killed so far lacking enough heavy
machinery such as mechanical diggers and
bulldozers rescue workers also rely on
shuffles and other tools they wield by
hand to pull away
Rubble falling debris injured hamon's
left hand and wrist during a rescue
attempt on
Wednesday he was only able to pull out
the bodies of two girls dead in the
ruins of their home in
carun the spokesperson for the Gaza
Health Ministry said at least 10 medical
staffers had been killed so far and 14
facilities
damaged hon said two of his team were
injured by flying glass when an air
strike blew the windows out of their
ambulance on Saturday neither was badly
hurt
Israel's Armed Forces did not
immediately respond to requests for
comment about strikes injuring Rescuers
and
Medics while the emotional toll has been
intense the physical exhaustion has also
been difficult hamen and his team sleep
no more than two hours over a day and
night
as explosions from air strikes Echo
every few minutes hamen said all that
keeps him going is the hope of finding
more
[Music]
survivors