Palestine says two people have been
killed in clashes with the Israeli
Defense Forces in the West Bank region
today Israeli media reports citing
Palestinian sources say
the IDF began a major operation in the
refugee camp in Janine leading to a
firefight several Palestinians have been
injured while multiple casualties are
feared last week Palestinian gunman
kidnapped
and Israeli teenager from a hospital
engineer after which the Jews ethnicity
protesters threatened to enter the city
themselves in order to retrieve the body
of the teenager the developments comes
the Israeli Defense Force and shin bed
Security Agency warned the top
parliamentary Committee of an impending
escalation in West Bank five people were
killed last week in what's been called
the deadliest year since 2005 in the
israeli-palestinian conflict the U.N has
been well warned that the situation is
once again reaching a boiling point
point
thank you
for more on this story our correspondent
Judy Cohen set us this report
Che Palestinians killed while fighting
Israeli troops are said to have been a
member of the Al-Aqsa Marta's Brigade
and according to a statement from
Palestinian Islamic Jihad a leader of
their group now the IDF has been
arresting suspects following what it
says have been 5 000 attacks by
Palestinians against Israelis with many
more attempted attacks since the start
of the Year let's know whose right-wing
block won the recent election largely in
response to these attacks and tackling
them will be a key priority of his
incoming government in the short term
the IDF search and arrest rates are
expected to carry on and in the longer
term Netanyahu is reported to believe
that by expanding the Abraham Accords
the the normalization agreements between
Israel and Muslim and Arab states he
reportedly believes that ultimately this
could lead to an agreement with the
Palestinians this is Jody Cohen for we
on world as one foreign
[Music]