hi there on news our agenda today we'll
be discussing a very important
development and this is concerning
politics and political positions that
are being taken Visa Palestine a group
of MPS and former members of parliament
have visited the Palestine Embassy to
talk about their support for the people
of Palestine they've condemned the
attacks that have happened from the
Israeli side into Gaza as genocide while
everyone has of course their own views
one is entitled to support whoever they
want to the point is that we've been
seeing pattern over the last several
days of leaders particularly leaders
coming in from opposition political
parties who've come out to support
Palestine they say that India's historic
position has been Pro Palestine the
father of the nation Mahatma Gandhi too
has spoken about uh Palestine for Arabs
just like England would be for the
English and so on and so forth while
that may be the case the fact is also
that shouldn't the horrific terror
attack by hamus be condemned in the
equal ve at the end of the day if there
are human lives that are lost and no one
is discounting from the huge amount of
humanitarian crisis that the people of
Gaza the common citizens who perhaps in
no way are connected with Hamas would be
facing but does that mean we can so
easily forget the kind of Terror strike
the brutality of the fact that children
women elderly and other senior citizens
as well including of course army men
were amongst the victims and at the same
time that over 100 of them have been
held hostage the shocking Terror strike
that has taken place in Israel is
something that political parties appear
to have forgotten what explains this
dual stand while BJP says it's vote Bank
politics they're calling it hypocrisy
and they saying that all of this is
being done with a view to their
political position here in India we'll
be debating this particular issue we'll
be asking opposition leaders is this
true is this actually hypocrisy and also
at the same time whether they can so
easily forget the victims of Terror do
join us for what's going to be a very
interesting debate