[Music]
[Music]
will
after 93 days without any signs from
your daughter liri she's 18 years old
only and she kidnapped with her
pajama and we don't have any sign from
her 92 933 days we stop to account it
even each moment it's like hours and
each hour it's like
days
so I want just that people that listen
to us think if your daughter your father
your husband your
child you will not be with connection
with him like one day and then think
that we and another
136
hostage don't have any signs any we
don't know what they eat
we don't know what's happened where are
they
so it's
a it's a you know it's it's not unnormal
life to us to our
family he's a citizen and he's a
kidnapped when he's driveing the bicycle
trip and uh he have wife and two
daughters and uh every day for him is
awful day and it's almost 3 months and
we hope uh he will come back uh very
soon because every day there is a hell
so we hope to bring it back fast as
[Music]
possible it's too long it's too long and
H each day they are there that suffer
and then they suffer uh real hard we
don't know what happened with them and
we don't get any information H about
them we don't know who alive who is not
um and we just wish them H to feel
healthy and uh to be
back
we
I think
the the government should do everything
they can do to bring them back home it's
so so so many days too too many days
that they're
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
there
[Music]
for
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
theal the
[Music]
[Music]
it's important for me to be here to
demand the ceas fire now in a political
solution now and to convey our voices
and to shout as loud as we can even
through the repression that we are
experiencing right now and even for no
one wants us to voice those voices it's
more important than ever for us to do
voice them and to say however loud we
can and whenever we can it's important
for me to be a part of this to be part
of the solution and not part of the
[Music]
problem
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
sh
[Applause]
get recommended this guy to
us
what
up
[Music]
oh