anti-war protesters gathered outside the
American Capitol building but they were
unsuccessful in their last Stitch effort
to convince lawmakers to abandon sending
more military aid to Israel we've tried
very very hard again been coming here
every day for three months now trying to
um Lobby against it fight against it and
we managed to delay it for a long time
but um today they're going to be voting
on it to send more weapons to Israel
which is currently committing a genocide
in Gaza the bill passed by the House of
Representatives includes more than $26
billion to be spent on Israel and
Palestinians with a majority of the
money going to Israel several billion
dollars will go to humanitarian aid for
Palestinian civilians who face
starvation lack of clean water and
disease outbreaks some conservative
Republicans opposed the aid for
Palestinians but many Democrats would
have pulled their support for the bill
without it several dozen Progressive
Democrats voted against the bill
regardless demanding an end to the
bombardment of Gaza that has killed
thousands of civilians the Palestinian
government also denounced the bill
American Security support is a dangerous
escalation an aggression against the
Palestinian people and a green light for
Israel to expand the scope of the war to
include countries throughout the region
it calls into question The credibility
of the United States of America in
achieving security and stability in the
Middle East Israel lotted the package
however with with prime minister
Benyamin Netanyahu saying it defends
Western
Civilization the aid package for Israel
and Palestinians is expected to be
passed by the Senate and signed by
President Joe Biden this week