Israel has seized nearly 3 square
kilometers of Palestinian land near an
illegal settlement in the occupied West
Bank the move will establish a new
settlement near Malad dumi that's near
occupied East Jerusalem an estimated
40,000 Israeli settlers live there in
Malad dumi settler expansion is illegal
under international law yet it has
ramped up significantly since the war on
Gaza began Bernard let's bring you back
in on this why is Israel taking this
land
well Israel has internet settlements are
inter illegal settlements in the
occupied West Bank are all illegal under
international law but Israel has two
categories settlements and then outposts
and these illegal outposts 10 of them
were approved by the cabinet last year
to be made into full Israeli settlements
and the first one of those has been
signed off now by the military it's
interesting the timing of this because
only on Monday we wrapped up from the
hag six days of hearings before the the
international court of justice with
almost 50 countries arguing that the
court should rule the occupation is
illegal because amongst many things the
main issue was the Relentless continuous
expansion of Israeli settlements in the
Palestinian territories stopping the
Palestinians from exercising their right
to self-determination and most countries
arguing that therefore the court should
rule Israel's occupation illegal it was
left to the US and the UK excuse me had
the thankless task of trying to defend
the occupation and saying it should be
left to established un mechanisms for
Israelis and the Palestinians to talk
together the British saying the Israelis
should at least be reminded that they
shouldn't make their situation worse in
the West Bank while we wait for these
Talks Of course Israel as we see is
going ahead and is increasing settlement
exp expansion at a rate never before
seen brenon Smith reporting from
occupied East Jerusalem as the Sun is
setting there thank you very much
Bernard