she moved there in
2015 yra alhanti is from Manchester and
moved to Gaza to study 8 years ago she
got married there and had two girls when
War began the family got a call that
changed their lives they receive a call
from Israeli Authority that you should
evacuate your home
immediately this is the family fleeing
South to a refugee camp yusra who's 6
months pregnant is just visible behind
her husband Ibrahim next to their girls
six and three who both like their mother
have British
passports back in the UK the foreign
office told y's father the young family
could all cross into Egypt and that
there'd be helped there with a Visa for
Ibrahim who has a Palestinian passport
they told me we have a um communication
close communication with the home office
and now they have a border Force team
and immigration team on the ground in
Egypt to help such people to land in UK
so there will be no problem everything
will be sorted professionally and this
is but after arriving in Cairo it all
went wrong when they met the the home
office uh Team it was a disaster they
mentioned to them what we can do for you
and she mentioned to him this is Ibraham
my husband and he's a Palestinian and we
need a visa the mission what we can do
we can do nothing for you go and apply
for a Visa what type of Visa we don't
know so she returned back with full of
tears crying and asking why I came to
this with no support it's better for me
to stay back in Gaza rather than to stay
in or to be in such situation the family
have no idea when even even if Ibrahim
will get a visa and the government
funded emergency accommodation in Cairo
is only for 72 hours when they cross the
border to Egypt believe me they just
have only $100 us and now how they will
stay in Egypt how many weeks how many
days we don't know how they will spend
how they will eat still we don't
know nothing at all the foreign office
confirmed they are aware of the family's
struggles telling us this Contin to be a
complex and challenging situation we
remain in contact with British Nationals
in the region to provide them with the
latest
information as for yusra's family they
don't know what's next I think maybe the
FCU has no Authority or has no power on
the home office and usra and her family
have become caught in that yes yes yeah
they tra in the middle Katherine aoty
Sky News