and Hamas has released two more hostages
both elderly Israeli women on
humanitarian and health grounds the
release was reportedly secured with
Egyptian and katari mediation the
hostages 79-year-old Nur Koopa and 85y
old yosid lifshits they were taken out
of Gaza at the Rafa Crossing into Egypt
where they were then put into
ambulances the women and their husbands
were taken hostage in the attack on on
kibuts the husbands are still in Mass
captivity as of now and expressing his
happiness over her return home the
grandson of lifshitz hopes that more
hostages would be released in
future we are very emotional happy of
the formal announcement that my
grandmother yoshit lifshitz and nit
Cooper both of them from kibuts near o
are coming back to us due to a
humanitarian act and I'm very excited as
we all are here expecting them and
expecting more improvements to all of
the captives from kibuts and in general
and we hope that she is okay and in good
health and we will go and see
her with the release of these two women
Hamas has so far set free four hostages
the militant group had released an
American mother and daughter du on
Friday all four are among over 200
people taken hostage in the October 7th
attack by the militant group meanwhile
un confirmed reports also say that Hamas
might be mulling the release of hostages
with dual nationalities 50 such hostages
are being held by Hamas meanwhile US
President Joe Biden said that they will
no that there will be no talks of a Gaza
Seas fire till all hostages are freed
take a
listen
fire a m leader said that the group is
willing to release all hostages if
Israel stops aggression on the Gaza
[Music]
Strip