Cornell University shut down Friday
after a college junior Patrick Dy was
charged with making violent anti-semitic
threats including killing Jews on campus
the FBI is investigating this is a
threat that is reaching in some way sort
of historic levels the Jewish Community
uh is targeted by terrorists really
across the Spectrum as the conflict
between Israel and Hamas in Gaza rages
on anti-semitic and anti-muslim
incidents are surging but few expected
the increase to affect so many college
campuses at a pro Palestinian protest
near tulan University at least two
students were assaulted after a flag
burning led to fist fights an Israeli
flag was being burned and a brave
two-lane student attempted to grab the
flag before a fight broke out the Biden
Administration is denouncing what it
calls an alarming rise in anti-Semitism
across the country we can't stand by and
stand silent in the face of hate we must
without equivocation denounce anti
semitism some students say they feel
more vulnerable than ever and are taking
no chances you know I don't wear
anything that would show My Religion
just because you just don't know how
people are going to react pro-israel
supporters held solidarity walks at
seven Georgia universities this week
asking administrators to do more to
protect them students are afraid to be
themselves where they go to school and
that should never be the case and it's
not just Jewish students fearing for
their lives Columbia University has set
up a task force after trucks circled the
campus displaying names and photos of
Arab Muslim and Palestinian students
College administrators are asking
students on both sides to show more
understanding for students they will
remember this um and they will remember
what they learned from it and what they
learned about their ability to come
together as part of it but as the
conflict rages on tensions continue to
flare putting millions of students on
edge Jennifer Johnson Global News
Washington