dozens of freshly spray painted blue
stars of David covered residential
buildings in Paris this week in an
incident deemed anti-semitic by the city
and the French government the graffiti
tagged buildings marked just one of the
recent examples of anti-Semitic
incidents which have surged globally
since the attack by Hamas gunman on
Southern Israel on October 7th and
subsequent war on the islamist group
launched by Israel and the Gaza
Strip it's shocking it's worrying with
the current context I feel like they're
marking the Jewish families of the
neighborhood it's dangerous it's
unimaginable in the United States White
House officials expressed alarm this
week at reports of anti-jewish incidents
we can't stand by and stand silent in
the face of hate Biden Administration
officials also met with American Jewish
leaders to discuss ways to stem the
rising tide of anti-Semitism at us
University specifically with my own eyes
I have witnessed col Columbia students
resort to base bigotry I've seen them
parrot foul anti-semitic tropes Yoni CTS
a Jewish student at Columbia University
called on the Schools administration to
support students facing anti-Semitism
institutionally I feel abandoned the
University's inaction has made us
question whether Columbia University can
actually maintain an environment where
all students feel welcome and safe on
campus at another Ivy League school
Federal prosecutors charged Cornell
University student Patrick DY for
allegedly making online threats against
Jewish students last
weekend in one of the most chilling
anti-semitic incidents globally an
enraged mob stormed an airport in
Russia's dagistan region over the
weekend looking for Jews to harm after a
flight arrived from Tel Aviv in
countries where figures are available
from police or Civil Society groups
including the United States Britain
France Germany and South Africa the
pattern is clear the number of
anti-Semitic incidents has gone up since
October 7th by several 100% compared
with the same period last year in some
countries such as the United States and
Britain islamophobic incidents have also
increased since October
7th