well times Network brings you this
report from the shura army base where
body bags on Israeli Nationals killed by
Hamas pyop my colleague pradep data
spoke to an IDF Soldier stationed at the
base and gives an assessment of the ugly
reality of hamas's
onslaught also you have seen several
Terror attacks but how this terror
attack is
different so I'm going to take us back
to the beginning of the 2000s and the
second in when there were a lot of bus
bombings if you think about the capacity
of a bus is approximately 50
passengers take a little bit of residual
damage from around the bus say 100
casualties from a bus bombing there were
over 1,200
people brutally murdered mutilated
beheaded burned alive in front of their
family members there was just only
cruelty in these acts of Terror there
wasn't a political targeted attack it
was on foreign Nationals as well it was
on anybody that would just possibly be
in their way they came in as bulldozers
and all they looked for is an
opportunity to kill or MIM or wreck
families it must be
very bad Psych iCal impact on you too
because every day you are seeing bodies
charred bodies coming dismembered bodies
mutilated bodies what kind of things you
have seen
here um we've seen every single thing
that you would never want to see in your
worst nightmare we've seen burnt babies
we've seen I've seen a mother who when
we realize that it wasn't one body we
realized they made a mother hold her two
girls together and they burnt them all
alive into one piece that needed to be
separated I've seen beheaded bodies I've
seen last night I received close to 30
bags from a bomb shelter a family or
multiple families were hiding in a bomb
shelter a grenade was thrown into the
room and everything splattered
everywhere every single bag has a jaw or
a scalp or a bone fragment or tissue and
these are just horrible things that
nobody ever needs to
see