the rising tensions with iran over its
alleged nuclear programme israel prime
minister naftali bennett conducted a
surprise visit to the united arab
emirates on thursday and held talks with
the newly appointed uae president sheikh
mohammed bin zayed now ahead of the trip
bennett hailed the iaea motion
condemning iran's lack of cooperation
with the u.n body
he said and i quote i commend the
international atomic energy agency board
of governors for its decision yesterday
adding a decision which clearly states
that iran is continuing to play games
and is continuing to conceal and hide we
see here a firm stance by the countries
of the world regarding the distinction
between good and evil as they clearly
state that iran is concealing things
unquote
now the quote uh snap visit was
been its second trip to the uae after
the arab emirates normalized relations
with israel in 2020 under the u.s
brokered deals known as the abraham
accords experts widely believe that
concerns over iran's nuclear program
helped solidify the ties between the two
nations
according to media reports the two
leaders discussed investment food
security and other vital sectors
during talks with sheikh muhammad
israeli prime minister also expressed
his condolences over sheikh khalifa's
demise last month
now this was bennett's first visit to
the gulf country after the finalization
of the free trade deal last month
between the two countries the pact
between the two nations abolished
customs duties on more than 95
of products exchanged between the two
sides and the two-way trade last year
totaled some 900 million dollars
according to israel the uae is only the
third arab nation to normalize ties with
israel after egypt and jordan and
bennett and sheikh mohammed had met
twice last year once in abu dhabi in
december and the second time in egypt
we are now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move