war between Israel and Hamas
intensifies Arab Israeli actress
arrested by Israeli
[Music]
police who is Mya abdulh
Hadi why has she been
arrested and what is the current
situation in
Gaza Mya abdulh Hadi an Arab Israeli
actress was arrested by Israeli
authorities for allegedly expressing
support for hamas's D on Israel the
actress was taken into custody on Monday
on the suspicion of incitement to
terrorism over a social media post Misa
allegedly posted a picture of a
bulldozer breaching the fence between
the Gaza Strip and Israel during hamas's
October 7 attack she captioned it let's
go Berlin style in reference to the fall
of the Berlin wall that partitioned
Germany until
1989 the actress's attorney Jaffer Farah
stated that Misa was accused of
supporting terrorism by Israeli
[Music]
authorities Mya abdulh Hadi is a
37-year-old Israeli Arab actress born in
the Israeli city of Nazareth she has
starred in various Israel shows the
Hollywood Blockbuster World War Zed and
most recently the British television
series Bagdad Central Mya also won the
best actress award at the Dubai film
festival in
2011 now Misa is one of the several Arab
Israelis imprisoned because of social
media remarks about the ongoing
conflict earlier an Arab Israeli singer
Dalal Abu am was also briefly detained
over one of her social media post she
was accused of disruptive behavior
authorities said that her post could
incite violence among her followers she
was later put under house arrest
according to reports Israeli police have
investigated and detained more than 100
people for their social media activity
since October 7 th attack by Hamas that
killed over, 1400
[Music]
Israelis over 5,700 people have lost
their life in Gaza after Israel
escalated its attack on Hamas moreover
over 16,000 people including several
children are wounded the latest war
between Israel and Hamas is the
deadliest of five Gaza Wars for both
sides the Israeli Army has pledged to
destroy Hamas from the region and has
received support from the US the UK and
several Western
countries if you like this video then
like share and subscribe to mirror
[Music]
now