harried crowds of thousands raided un
warehouses and took everything they
could wheat flour hygiene kits basic
necessities they CED the goods away on
bicycles motorbikes and on their backs
the UN warned that these acts of
desperation show that civil order is
starting to break down in the Gaza Strip
This is an indication that people in
Gaza have reached a Breaking Point the
levels of desperation their
frustration um Their Fear their concern
they have been living under tight tight
siege for more than three weeks uh
bombardments continue they have lost so
much they are grieving themselves they
have become displaced the United Nations
Palestinian refugee agency said its
ability to help people has been
completely stretched by air strikes that
have killed more than 50 staff members
the lack of basic supplies is evident
throughout the Gaza Strip and abala
without access to fresh water residents
are bathing and washing their clothes in
sea water in Rafa people are lining up
at bakeries for hours hoping to get
bread since the War Began only 84 Aid
trucks have entered Gaza before there
were about 500 Aid trucks every day the
international criminal court warned
Sunday that the Restriction of
humanitarian Aid could constitute a
crime there should not be any impediment
to humanitarian relief supplies going
to children to women and men civilians
they are innocent they have rights under
International humanitarian law these
rights are part of custody international
law these rights are part of the Geneva
conventions and they give rise to even
criminal responsibility when these
rights are ciled under the Rome statute
despite calls for a humanitarian
ceasefire and outrage across the Muslim
World Israel has intensified its
operations on the ground