thousands of yemenis in the Hui Rebel
controlled Capital sa demonstrated on
Friday in a show of both solidarity with
Palestinians in war stricken Gaza and
anger at Israel and America the
iran-backed group has organized protests
nearly every Friday since the conflict
between Israel and Hamas erupted on
October 7 the group is a staunch enemy
of Israel along sa's alabin Street
protesters chanted Jihad Jihad all the
people are ready and God is great death
to America death to Israel curse on Jews
Victory to Islam February 99's
demonstrations came as the Shiite group
continued its attacks on commercial
shipping in the Red Sea and the Gulf of
Aden with the aim of backing Hamas and
Palestinians trapped in the Gaza Strip
amid Israel's war on himas but they have
frequently targeted vessels with tenuous
are no clear links to Israel imperiling
shipping and a key route for global
trade meanwhile the yeni presidential
Leadership Council headed by Dr Rashad
Alami met with the US Envoy Timothy
lender king and the US ambassador to
Yemen Steven fragen in the Saudi Capital
Riyad the meeting discussed the need to
pressure the houthis to stop their
attacks on civilians and the
government's commitment to a peaceful
solution to the yemeni crisis
this comes after the leader of Yemen's
houthi Rebels leader Abdul Malik Badin
alhi warned that his group would
escalate attacks in the Red Sea if
Israel's operation in Gaza continues he
said that the IDF should stop its brutal
criminal aggression against Gaza and
stop its a of the Palestinian people
otherwise the attacks by ho this would
escalate more and more meanwhile the
United States and the United Kingdom
backed by other allies have launched air
strikes targeting houthi missile
arsenals and launch sites for its
attacks in order to stop the militant
groups