as Israel's offensive continues gazan
say there's no safe place for them not
in Rafa not in hanun and not in the
entire Gaza Strip displaced gazans are
desperate to return to their homes in
the north of The
Enclave we can live in tents we just
want to return to our homes be it on the
rubble of our homes we just want to live
I'm not crying over bricks and water
we're not crying over bricks and water
or money or trees or anything
what's important that they let us return
to our homes there's a lot of people we
are exhausted enough now they need to
have some consideration for us my
children What fault is it of theirs what
has this child or this one done to walk
with them like
this five Palestinians were killed in an
overnight strike in Gaza according to
gaza's health Ministry they were
displaced after they had to evacuate
from the north of the Gaza Strip most
Israeli troops have been pulled out of
the Enclave for an assault on the city
of
[Music]
Rafa no one is listening to us not the
International Community nor the Arab
Community or the US no one is listening
to us at all we've been calling for 7
months the war is nearing 7 months and
no one is caring for Gaza people gaza's
Youth and people they're all ordinary
citizens in all the targeting that
happened I haven't seen any wanted
people on Monday Israel released 150
Palestinians detained during its
military operations in Gaza back into
the Enclave many have alleged they were
abused in their captivity several were
admitted to hospitals complaining of
abuse and ill treatment inside Israeli
jails the Israeli military has denied
the
allegations for all the latest news
download the we on app And subscribe to
our YouTube channel