Palestine had its first chance to be
officially recognized as an independent
state in 1947 when the U voted a
partition plan which would have created
two states Israel and Palestine but Arab
states and Palestinian Representatives
believed the un's plan was unfair
rejected it and Israel alone was
recognized the West Bank remained under
Jordanian control for two decades with
the Coalition hoping to defeat Israel
militarily and establish a Palestinian
state in its
place but this failed and in
1967 the Six-Day War ended with Israel
occupying the Palestinian territories of
the West Bank and the Gaza Strip in the
1970s the Palestinians turned back to
the UN which declared the PLO the
Palestine Liberation Organization as the
official representative of the
Palestinian people
in
1987 the first inata the uprising pushed
a battle for Independence to the
spotlight neither arat nor other person
else can stop this Ina it will continue
wave after wave till achieving real
peace through establishing our
independent Palestinian
state in 1988 the PLO declared the
independence of Palestine 78 countries
recognized it that same year and the
1990s Israeli and Palestinian
negotiators made a breakthrough with the
Oslo Accords but peace talks collapsed
by the 2000s a successive Israeli
governments cemented their control over
the West Bank building more and more
settlements the idea of recognizing
Palestine without a peace deal gained
momentum
UNESCO integrated Palestine as a member
state in
2011 the following year Palestine became
a un Observer
State 140 of its
193 member states have already
recognized it with a current war in Gaza
new one said they too will join the
movement and recognize
Palestine