at a time when the state of Israel is
facing Mass protests against the
coalition's judicial overhaul proposals
one government minister is now proposing
a bill
that could create yet another problem
from prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
at the center of this controversy is
Israel's galili and the national
resilience Minister Yitzhak vaslov and
our correspondent Jodi Cohen has sent us
this port isn't it
who is a member of items party is
reportedly set to propose a bill to make
Zionism a guiding value in all
government decisions
according to wasilauth his bill would
seek to ensure the nation's State's law
is put into practice and would
strengthen the Jewish nation's bonds to
its land
he referred in particular to the
peripheries and Judea and Samaria the
historical names for the West Bank the
bill is also seen as an attempt to
reinforce Israel's claim as the homeland
of the Jewish people as set out in
Israel's Declaration of Independence and
basic law
the bill is being canvassed as one that
would give equal weights to Jewish and
Democratic Values critics of the
proposed Bill however have expressed
concern for equality opposition leader
lapid has called on prime minister
Netanyahu to stop the bill suggesting it
comes from Ben gevis quote group of
racists
the Israeli Drew's Arab Community whose
members serve in the Israeli Army are
also opposed to the bill
bill to make Zionism a guiding value in
government decisions is a very a
problematic one as it moves the nation
law which is a basic law from
declarative status to practical one
Zionism is the belief in the right of
the Jewish people to self-determination
in their ancestral Homeland and the
Zionism bill could come up as early as
this Sunday at the government's next
cabinet meeting this is Jody Cohen for
we on world is one Beyond is now
available in your country download the
app now and get all the news on the move
[Music]