hello and welcome to Times of India I'm
Nagin Singh and today the news is coming
in from uttar Pradesh and the big news
is that mayawati has chosen her utar
adhikari for bahujan samage party as
mayawati was chosen by Kiam now the new
person who will be heading bahujan samaj
party which is almost dead in India and
in uttar Pradesh will be headed by
mayawati's nephew so who is May A's
nephew mayawati's nephew's name is Akash
Anan and he is only 28 years old but now
he will be the head of bahujan samage
party so why he has been elected of
course reason uh is that he is nephew of
mayawati in back in 2019 mayawati had
announced that he will be joining the
party and he came into politics but the
challenges that bahujan samage part is
almost dead in all elections they
haven't really performed Med in madhya
Pradesh elections they had their
candidates but they could not perform
well and same was the case in other
states like Rajasthan and other places
so what is the meaning of the existence
of this party this will be clear in 2024
elections because mayawati and bahujan
samaj party they count on the votes that
belong to scheduled cast and scheduled
tribes and Kiam who was the Supremo of
this party had chosen a teacher who was
mayawati as the leader of this party as
the head of this party now mayawati has
made her decision and the new utar
adhikari for the bsp bahujan samage
party is there but the future uh will be
dark or will be brighter that only time
will tell but we'll leave you with some
of the comments of the politicians what
they have to say about this decision
of
stay with the times of India for news
breaks analysis interviews and events we
bring you stories from your neighborhood
and from across the globe as well
subscribe to our YouTube channel hit the
like button and press the Bell icon so
you don't miss any of our
videos