latest us armed shipments to Israel F-35
fighter jets and bombs in the pipeline
as the Biden Administration faces some
criticism for the ongoing support ABC's
Brett clenet has the latest from Tel
Aviv Brit good morning we're talking
about billions of
dollars yeah good morning Jana President
Biden greenlighting billions of dollars
worth of weapons for Israel that's
despite tension between the White House
and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu over a military offensive in
southern Gaza now Washington Post first
reporting the new arms transfer which
according to the report includes mk84
2,000 bombs citing a Us official the
report also said the state department
last week approved the transfer of 25
F35 fighter jets and engines now this is
a move to fulfill longstanding weapons
deals that were signed off by Congress
years ago some as far back as 2008 the
United States provides $3.8 billion in
military assistance every year to his
Israel but cracks in the relationship
they have been showing mostly after the
US refused to veto a un Security Council
resolution calling for an immediate
ceasefire in Gaza Netanyahu then called
off a visit to DC by a delegation that
was meant to discuss Israel's ground
invasion of Rafa that meeting it's now
being rescheduled and now news of this
continued weapon Supply Democrats have
been urging President Biden to put put
any conditions on sales of arms to
Israel saying the US has a responsib
ability to withhold those weapons due to
Israel's bombardment in Gaza Mass
civilian casualties and restrictions on
Aid getting in Trevor Britt clenet for
us in Israel once again Brit thank you
very much hi everyone George
Stephanopoulos here thanks for checking
out the ABC News YouTube channel if
you'd like to get more videos show
highlights and watch live event coverage
click on the right over here to
subscribe to our Channel and don't
forget to download the ABC News app for
breaking news alerts thanks for
watching