an update now from the Israel Hamas War
the Israeli Army has taken control of
Gaza City and a massive raid is
currently underway at the alifa hospital
the IDF says it's already killed five
Hamas terrorists in the operation and
that the hospital is being used as a
Hamas command and control
center gaza's al-shifa hospital turns
War Zone after IDF raided Hamas Hospital
hide out and what it calls extensive
Hamas tunnel networks under the hospital
Israel carried out multiple precise and
targeted operations against Hamas in
specified areas in the shifa hospital
where thousands of Palestinians are
sheltered leading to chaotic scenes
inside dozens of Israeli soldiers
entered the facility where tanks were
stationed in the yard of the medical
complex about 700 patients remain at the
hospital including ining about 100 in
critical
condition IDF forces are carrying out a
precise and targeted operation against
Hamas in a specified area in the shifa
hospital the IDF is conducting a ground
operation in Gaza to defeat Hamas and
rescue our
hostages more than thousand medical
staff are traed on site and are unable
to treat patients due to shortage of
medicine and fuel the Israeli government
has issued warnings to evacuate the
facility however Palestinian medical
officials have rejected it saying they
cannot leave the patients behind people
trapped inside gaza's al-shifa Hospital
plan to start buing bodies within the
hospital compound without Israeli
approval this bodies which had been in
the hospital for more than 5 days now
more than 120 de bodies within the
hospital areas very bad SM there and we
are sure all kinds of infections and dis
will be transmitted from that one today
we had a little bit of rain rainy wether
in the morning and then the smell was
really horrible no one could even open a
window or just walk around within the
corridors with this very bad smell
unfortunately there is no approval from
the Israelis for us to even bury the
bodies within the hospital area as we
asked the ICC many times Israel says
alifa Hospital sits at top tunnels
housing a headquarter for Hamas Fighters
using patience as human Shields Hamas
denies the charge but Israel has been
releasing periodic videos showing
presence of the
tunnels Bureau report India today