the war zone of Gaza is a landscape of
large- scale destruction with its
buildings turned to Rubble the occupied
West Bank is beginning to look the same
Molotov cocktails were seeing being
thrown at Israeli armed Vehicles near
the Palestinian town of rala on Thursday
in the ensuing exchange one Palestinian
was
killed the kashes came just hours before
a funeral procession for six other yous
in the occupied West Bank the
Palestinian Health authorities said they
were killed in a separate Israeli raid
on the city of
tulam one of the mothers described how
she was the first on the
scene it was a site I could not see she
says it was something you cannot look
at these scenes are growing in frequency
in the occupied West Bank in what a un
report is called a rapid deterioration
of Human Rights the use of military
tactics and weapons in law enforcement
contexts and the use of unnecessary or
disproportionate Force by the Israeli
security forces are extremely troubling
arbitrary detentions of Palestinians
have also been on the rise the UN
estimates more than
2550 people have been detained and
repeatedly tortured by the Israeli Army
in the occupied West Bank the report
also highlighted the growth in attacks
by Israeli settlers some of whom have
reportedly been armed by the Israeli
authorities I call on Israel to take
immediate clear and effective steps to
put an end to settler violence against
the Palestinian population to
investigate all incidents of of Violence
by settlers and Israeli Security Forces
overnight on Thursday Israel also
conducted targeted raids against
financial institutions in rala
confiscating around $2.5 million Israel
claimed the companies were involved in
transferring funds to
Hamas Israel may continue to feel its
actions in aaza and the occupied West
Bank are Justified Thursday's un report
makes it clear the rest of the world
does not Chaka aasu TT
world