Iran has never shied away from showing
off its ballistic missiles but it's
always been more koi about its nuclear
Ambitions supreme leader Ayatollah ham
insisting using nuclear weapons is
religiously forbidden and Iran's always
insisted its nuclear program is for
civilian purposes even if Israel and the
West don't believe a word of it but now
a senior Iranian Commander says that
entire nuclear Doctrine is under
review if there are any threats or
actions by a fake Zionist regime against
the country's nuclear facilities aiming
at pressuring the Islamic Republic
reconsidering our nuclear Doctrine and
policy and violating the considerations
announced before will be likely and
[Music]
imaginable and 5 days after firing Crews
and ballistic missiles at Israel the
same official warned Iran knows where
Israeli nuclear sites are and could
Target them if it wants
to the enemy's nuclear sites have been
identified and we have necessary
information about all Targets we have
our finger on the trigger to fire
powerful missiles to destroy specified
targets chilling warnings even if Israel
and allies were able to shoot down most
of the missiles sent its way by Iran
over the weekend Israel isn't tonning
down its rhetoric either its defense
minister saying military activity is
being stepped
up our missions are not going to
decrease they are only going to increase
the reality that we are being attacked
from seven different fronts arily six
fronts is a complex reality and it will
challenge us and accompany
us allies are urging Israel to let them
sanction Iran and not strike back itself
Iran's behavior is unacceptable and it's
right that countries come together here
at the G7 and make those points not just
because of what Iran has been doing but
also as a message to Israel that we want
to play our part in having a coordinated
strategy that deals with uh Iran's
aggression that we saw so clearly
against Israel over the weekend but
Israel says being attacked with hundreds
of massive missiles like this Demands a
response it will retaliate it's just a
question of when Dominic waghorn Sky
News Jerusalem