boycott divestment sanctions the pro
Palestinian organizations aim is clear
BDS encourages the boycott of Israel in
protest against its occupation of
Palestine it's modeled on the global
campaign to boycott South Africa's
apartheid government in the 1980s in
particular BDS targets goods produced in
illegal Israeli settlements in the West
Bank some companies have pulled their
operations out of west bank settlements
and the EU has specified that sum
settlement produce will have to be
labeled but with the movement now more
than ten years old there's been a push
back the UK government has announced
publicly funded institutions will be
banned from boycotting israeli goods
including settlement produce saying the
boycott is divisive and could fuel
anti-semitism that move was welcomed by
Israel's Prime Minister I want to
commend the British government for
refusing to discriminate against Israel
and Israelis and I commend you for
standing up to the one and only true
democracy in the Middle East the UK
government is not the only one to target
BDS Israel itself passed a law banning
any public call for its boycott in 2011
France has criminalized boycotting
Israel and 12 people were found guilty
in 2015 of discrimination for wearing
boycott Israel t-shirts and on monday
the canadian parliament passed a motion
condemning BDS israel says it's being
unfairly singled out that BDS is aimed
at d legitimizing it but BDS campaigners
reject those accusations and what's
really disappointing is that Western
governments are now not only shielding
Israel from criticism but also taking
steps to prevent their own citizens from
criticizing Israel and seeking to hold
Israel to account
my voice of BDS activists say that their
campaign will continue until Israel ends
the occupation until then it appears
they'll have to find ways to combat the
increasing pressure they're coming under
al baqarah anahi TRC world