I think this situation that has evolved
is a direct result of the continuation
of the longest occupation in modern
history Israeli occupation of
Palestinian land since uh 1967 this is
56 years of occupation that has
transformed into a system of aparti a
much worse aparti than what prevailed in
South Africa uh yes maybe Hamas did not
recognize Israel but the PLO did and the
Palestinian Authority did what did they
get nothing since 2014 the Israeli
governments would not even meet with
Palestinians and what you see today is a
reaction to several things first of all
settlers terrorist attacks on
Palestinians in the West Bank that has
eved already 20 communities in an act of
ethnic cleansing 248 Palestinians who
were killed by the Israeli Army and
settlers in the West Bank including 40
children attacks on the holy sites the
Muslim and Christian holy sites by
Israeli
extremists as well as Declaration of
Netanyahu that he will liquidate the
Palestinian rights and the Palestinian
cause by normalization with Arab
countries and he dared even to go to the
United Nations and carried in the United
Nations a map of Israel which included
the whole of the West Bank all of Gaza
all of Jerusalem as well as the Golan
Heights he declared the annexation of
the occupied territories so of course
Palestinians turn to resistance because
they see that this is the only way for
them to get their rights the question
here is not about dehumanizing
Palestinians as is happening and calling
them terrorists it's about asking the
question why the United States supports
Ukraine in fighting what they call
occupation while here they are
supporting the OCC
who continues to occupy us