a multinational effort for a maritime
Corridor to deliver supplies directly to
Gaza by sea initially proposed in early
November the creation of a sustained sea
route direct to Gaza is now a reality we
are launching this Cyprus Maritime
Corridor together Cyprus the European
Union the United Arab Emirates and the
United States and it is your Relentless
work to get this Corridor up and r
despite all the challenges and this is
truly
inspiring we're now very close to the
opening of the corridor hopefully this
Saturday this Sunday and I'm very glad
to see that an initial pilot operation
will be launched
today operations will initially be based
in Lara about 380 km from Gaza the port
has the capacity to hold shipments of up
to 200,000 tons the US's involvement
comes in the wake of mass starvation in
Palestine gaza's Health Ministry says at
least 20 Palestinians have died from
malnutrition and
dehydration the United Nations said last
month that more than a quarter of gaza's
population were facing catastrophic
levels of deprivation and
starvation US President Joe Biden has
pledged to build a temporary port to
offload food and medical supplies
foreign minister David Cameron said
Britain would also work alongside the
United States to open the maritime
Corridor how the aid will be kept secure
and distributed remains unclear the
maritime route uh yes it can move more
volume uh at sea but it also is going to
require uh a heavier Logistics lift and
some infrastructure asore and very much
going to need the support of allies and
partners Israel will be permitted to
conduct rigorous Security checks of the
shipments from the Greek administered
Cyprus but how much control they'll have
has yet to be agreed for the starving
people of Gaza the aid can't come soon
enough Danielle Neri trt
world