overseas the war in Gaza is entering a
new phase Israel has withdrawn most of
its troops from the south to prepare for
what they call Future operations most
likely an offensive in Rafa cbs's Holly
Williams reports this brief pause in the
ground operation has revealed the
ravages of the past 6
months with most Israeli forces now gone
from the southern Gaza Strip a CBS News
team was there today as thousands of
Palestinians moved around freely for the
first time in months in the city of Han
yunice they found destruction on a
colossal scale some went looking for
their homes and instead picked through
Rubble for their
belongings I couldn't find my bed or my
clothes said Malak mmud I lost my
books Israel's military says it now has
just one division inside the Gaza Strip
the other division that was there moved
out over the weekend the remaining
troops are positioned along gaza's
border with Israel and to the north
where the Israelis have built a new road
cutting across the Gaza Strip from east
to west thought to be part of Israel's
planning for after the war Israel's
military says the troops who've pulled
out are recuperating and today prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu said they've
set a date for an offensive in the
southern city of Rua despite us
opposition though that date is
unspecified it comes just days after
President Biden told Netanyahu in a
phone call that the humanitarian
situation in Gaza was quote
unacceptable Israel says today over 400
Aid trucks made it into Gaza the most
since the beginning of the
war the US says there's a ceasefire deal
on the table for Hamas an Israeli
official told CBS news that negotiations
are advancing but a spokesman for Hamas
told us tonight that negotiations in
Cairo over the weekend were a quote
setback
Nora Holly Williams thank you very much