Israeli forces raided gaza's major
Hospital on Monday reportedly killing
over 20 gunmen meanwhile US President
Joe Biden spoke with Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu over the war
for the first time in about a month
chunu has the
latest Israeli troops raided the
compound of gaza's alifa Hospital early
on Monday saying they killed over 20
gunmen the Israeli military sets Special
Forces conducted the operation based on
intelligence that the hospital was again
being used by Hamas leaders a
spokesperson for the Israel Defense
Forces said troops had been instructed
on the importance of operating
cautiously Palestinian Health
authorities however said the operation
caused multiple casualties and led to a
fire in one of the buildings alifa the
Gaza strip's biggest hospital before the
war is now one of the only Health Care
Facilities that is even partially
operational in the north of the
territory
and as housing hundreds of displaced
civilians Hamas said in a statement the
Israeli military had committed a new
crime by directly targeting the hospital
buildings without caring about patients
medical staff or the displaced people
the director general of the World Health
Organization on Monday said in a post on
X formerly Twitter that the wh is
terribly worried about the situation
there and Hospital should never be
Battlegrounds meanwhile US President Joe
Biden spoke by phone with with Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in
their first call since
mid-February US National Security
adviser Jake Sullivan told reporters on
Monday that while President Biden
remains committed to the goal of
defeating Hamas he communicated to the
Israeli Prime Minister that a major
assault on Rafa would be a mistake and
would deepen Anarchy in Gaza Sullivan
told reporters the two countries would
have a comprehensive discussion on the
way forward in Gaza Sullivan further
described the call as business like but
said President Biden had refuted straw
man arguments put forward by the Israeli
leader ties between Netanyahu and Biden
have reportedly grown increasingly
strained in recent months tongun arang
news