[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
of
J
Special
[Music]
Report
ring
[Music]
of
[Music]
Suman Ring of
[Music]
Fire
[Music]
for
[Music]
Ren Gata Iraq Lebanon Syria
Israel
R
of
side
America
syri
inter
bu
well
[Music]
trained
[Music]
[Music]
for
rri
[Music]
l
hij Islamic
regist
[Music]
organization
[Music]
[Music]
for
of
[Music]
isain
Army
for
PU
report
[Music]
new
op
[Music]
UK
is
am
for
we know that the houis maintain a large
Arsenal um they are very capable they
have sophisticated weapons and that's
because they continue to get them from
Iran um in terms of an adap adaptation
from tactics I I don't think we've seen
anything new it's more when we see
missiles on Rails when we see them about
to launch an attack we are able to take
these proactive Dynamic strikes uh we've
been able to do it more regularly
because they frankly have been
conducting more attacks more regularly
um and we always Reserve that right I
think the most uh sort of more unique or
different uh tactic that we saw was with
the unmanned underwater vehicle that
they employed for the first time a few
days ago but other than that I mean
they've pretty much stuck to the same
Playbook
route I'm deeply concerned about a
possible fullscale Israeli military
operation in the densely populated Rafa
area where some 1.4 million Palestinians
are Sheltering and where we have the
only points of Entry of humanitarian
Goods I cannot stress enough how
urgently we need a deal that will bring
about humanitarian and Sease fire after
the release of
[Music]
hostages
[Music]
oper
point
SA
h
for amend start
up
AB
[Music]
r
bu report
[Music]
[Music]
newj
Nam
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
ground
[Music]
report AR
m
ring
[Music]
of
[Music]
janman ring your
[Music]
p
[Music]
for
[Music]
L sag Yemen Gata Iraq Lebanon
Sy
guard
America
Britain
syri
Syria Iraq kazak is
inter
br
welled
[Music]
[Music]
to
[Music]
ring of
[Music]
firea
syri
[Music]
is