meanwhile a new run of negotiations are
set to get underway in Egypt with
delegations from Hamas Qatar and the
United States of America arriving in the
city well Egypt Doha and Washington have
mediated in weeks of talks aiming to P
the fighting in the almost 5 months old
Israel Hamas War a senior Hamas official
has said that a Sease fire in
Gaza
maybe it it can happen the next 24 to 48
hours that is if Israel accepts the
Palestinian group's demands in the
ongoing talks he said and I'm quoting
here if Israel agrees to Hamas demands
which include the return of displaced
Palestinians to Northern Gaza and
increasing humanitarian Aid that would
pave the way for an agreement within the
next 24 to 48 hours the framework
agreement includes a six we ceasefire
which will begin immediately if the
Hamas militants agree on the release of
the most vulnerable hostages it holds
reports also say that t Aviv will not
send his delegates until Hamas releases
a full list of hostages who are still
alive according to a Us official Hamas
has not yet agreed to a defined category
of vulnerable hostages the official
added that a cease fire would also allow
a major surge in humanitarian Aid to
Gaza
while the talks of troops rooms over
Gaza the Israel army conducted overnight
strikes and also intensified its
offensive in Rafa killing 11 people
including two health workers in a refuge
Camp next to a maternity
hospital as a part of Israeli Army's
operation of invading more area in Gaza
Khan unit and theel Bala are under heavy
bombing
[Music]
Hamas militants took about 250 hostages
during October 7th attack on Israel 130
of whom remain in Gaza including 31 whom
Israel STS are presumed
dead
[Music]