back here at home the White House is
warning Nations like Iran that are
hostile to Israel not to take advantage
of the situation let's go to ABC's Mar
Alis parks at the White House Mar Alis
is the White House concerned that Iran
or others might join the war against
Israel well Stephanie we heard the
president notman words he said that the
world is watching he warned any other
actor who might exploit this moment uh
to not do so I told from uh White house
sources that that was partly because of
the messages from Hamas itself today
calling on others to join in the fight
the White House felt there was a need an
urgent need to be so forceful from the
president uh it was interesting in a in
a background call with a senior White
House official and reporters uh this
evening they did say that they don't yet
have any specific indication that it was
too early to tell ways in which and
whether or not uh the state of Iran was
directly involved in planning or
supporting this attack uh but the that
they're going to be looking at it of
course studying it very closely but this
official went on to say that there is no
doubt that Hamas is funded equipped
armed by Iran and others and that that
is part of the reason they need to
continue to hold Iran accountable
Stephanie so many questions remain
including whether there were any
missigns by us and Israeli intelligence
Mary Alice you've been there for us all
day thank you so
much hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching