tens of thousands of people fill the
streets of Central London unified in
their message for peace demonstrations
in support of Palestinians have erupted
across the world from Sydney to Rome in
a push to get leaders to act the
government and the the political parties
cannot ignore indefinitely pressure from
the street especially as the situation
in Gaza itself gets worse by the day the
moral pressure from the people on
government in the end will win but
protests like this one are now banned or
restricted in some Western countries
including Germany and France this slogan
can be heard at solidarity marches
across the
world the chant refers to the Israeli
occupied territory of the West Bank but
has been branded anti-semitic by the
British Home
Secretary despite the respective
governmental crackdowns across Europe it
hasn't stopped the tens of thousands of
people taking to the streets here in
central London it's the second weekend
in a row where we've seen over a 100,000
people protesting earlier this week the
US president and his British counterpart
reiterated their support for Israel we
will stand with your people and we also
want you to win words that have now
sparked outrage the very idea of winning
here is really Preposterous in the sense
that what are we talking about WI a wind
does that mean bombing a hospital does a
wind mean killing innocent civilians
does a wind mean flattening a church
what does a wind mean
here it comes amid significantly
heightened tensions in Europe the
backdrop for more pleasing but Community
leaders call for
Unity we
don't fashion our identity as
Israel Israel does not represent all
Jews
and it's really important for us to
express our solidarity with the
Palestinian people everybody has to
unite to the
Palestinians as the conflict continues
protests across the globe are getting
bigger and bigger despite some
government's attempts to outlaw them
Shady Edwards dasd trt World
London