now prison authorities in Israel
announced that they released 39
Palestinian detainees and prisoners this
after Hamas fre 13 hostages under an
agreement that came into Force the freed
Palestinian prisoners all women and
people under the age of thir pardon me
19 hundreds of Palestinians celebrated
the return of freed prisoners in the
early hours in the West Bank released
Palestinian prisoners were carried on
people's shoulders as crowds cheered
clapped wave Flags in the
streets celebrations in East Jerusalem
welcom the release Palestinian prisoners
were muted amid heavy Israeli police
presence the most prominent Palestinians
released is 37-year-old isra jaab she
was convicted of detonating a gas
cylinder in a car at a checkpoint in
2015 wounding a police
officer she was sentenced to 11 years in
prison armed Israeli Security Forces
stood by her house as she
returned
after more than a year in prison
Palestinian reunited with this family
following his
release by
Israel
[Music]
for
earlier tensions continued into the
night outside
Israel's military Jail at the Bonia
Crossing near rala in the West Bank on
Saturday where gunfire was heard before
a wounded person was taken away by
Medics this was after the Hamas hostage
release was delayed late on Saturday
three people were wounded by live
bullets outside Israel's military prison
near rala and the West Bank this
according to the Palestine red crescent
Society moments later Medics were seen
carrying what is believed to be an
injured person on a stretcher in the
dark and running off a red crescent
statement said that the injured have
been transported to the
hospital
Theon is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move