in this caboots in the south of Israel
Sagi and EDI are seeing each other for
the first time since the October 7th
attack she just came back after two
months and three months Lama three
months three months sorry yeah and she
said she's very happy she couldn't be
happier there are kabas where there's
nothing to come home to at least we have
our house we're lucky we were not
impacted others have lost every
3 km from Gaza Yad M high is an
exception on October 7th hamus gunman
were pushed back at the community's
security fence all 1,000 residents
survived today around 150 have come back
encouraged by the government and yet
after 4 months of War rockets launched
from Gaza a still a threat Interceptor
missiles from Israel's ironon Dome
defense system sometimes caus Dey 2
hours ago the Iron Dome rocket fell here
and then stuck in the ground and after 3
minutes
explode somebody one of the kibuts guy
was very lucky cuz he was just down
there 100 kilm North survivors from the
kabut kava aah are still living in this
hotel on October 7th 62 of the
community's residents were killed a
dozen more were taken
hostage going back home is not an option
for now in this Workshop those who
survived are trying to rebuild their
lives doing crafts and pottery
helps it's therapy it's a place which
gives us time to reflect and cut
ourselves off from
reality if it was just me if I didn't
have children I would be ready to go
back I would sleep with a weapon under
my
pillow but with children going back is
out of the
question Fair lost his son Aviv he was
killed while fighting and trying to push
back Hamas
gunman he thinks returning to Southern
Israel won't happen for several months
at least so his community is building
temporary housing for
families here we see the first
prefabricated houses there's 50 it's not
a lot but it's somewhat of a solution we
think they'll stay about 6 months until
they make a final decision about whether
the kafara community will settle for two
years in
Rama temporary solutions which risk
becoming long-term as the war in Gaza
drags on and