during the u.s. presidential campaign
Donald Trump's team spoke often about
moving the US Embassy in Israel from Tel
Aviv to Jerusalem but since taking
office the contentious issue appears to
have been put on the back burner ahead
of a phone call between Trump and the
Israeli prime minister on Sunday the
White House did not respond to questions
or requests to elaborate on initial
discussions the reason could be because
of the moves potentially destabilizing
effects on the peace process if the US
were to relocate its embassy it would be
explicit recognition of Jerusalem
belonging to Israel pre-empting the
results of any talks on a two-state
solution the Palestinian president has
already criticized the prospect of such
an outcome warning it could be explosive
for the region we hope mr. Trump will
not move the embassy from Tel Aviv to
Jerusalem because Jerusalem from the
Israeli point of view is a United City
and this is not correct it's illegal but
therefore moving the embassy to any
place will damage the peace process he
said the Israeli prime ministers Arab
media spokesman off the agenda man
refused to answer urine oozes questions
on the subject however lenny ben david
israel's former washington diplomat and
now head of the Jerusalem center for
public affairs played down the move has
any threat to the peace process so Trump
will not waver will not stop the law
from being enacted that's the issue do I
think he will do it I believe he will it
may actually be a process a gradual
process to bring that about it's not I
don't see it as a attempt to anger Arab
the Arab world or Palestinians it need
not hurt the peace process but it it
gives the Palestinians even a impetus
to move ahead and say we will move we
will we will negotiate over East
Jerusalem rather than thing we're
declaring war the incoming us
ambassadors told Israeli media he
intends to live in Jerusalem but
shifting the entire embassy with all
that security trade and cultural ties
won't happen overnight