[Applause]
[Music]
I
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
fore come
here
one of the things that uh always stuck
in my mind we've had a lot of
discussions over
here who could
come two days ago one of our fellow
Americans a little girl named Abigail
who turned four years old she spent her
birthday that birthday and at least 50
days before that held hostage by Hamas
today she's free and Jill and I together
with so many Americans are praying for
the fact that she is is going to be all
right you know she's free and she's in
Israel now and uh so those who are now
uh wrapping Abigail and love and care
and the Supportive Services she needs
she's been through a terrible trauma
that's my goal that's our goal to keep
this pause going Beyond tomorrow so that
we can continue to see more hostages
come out and surge more humanitarian
relief into into those in who in need in
Gaza
[Music]
there is also the framework that says it
is possible to free every additional day
10 more hostages this is welcome in the
same breath I also said to the president
that at the end of the outline we will
return with full force to achieve our
goals that's the elimination of Hamas
ensuring that Gaza does return to what
it was and of course the release of all
our hostages
we are here in the Gaza Strip with our
heroic Fighters we make every effort to
return our hostages and eventually we
will return them all we have three goals
for this war eliminate Hamas return
return all our hostages and ensure that
Gaza will not become a threat to the
state of Israel again I'm here to say to
my friends here to the fighters here who
are telling me the same thing and I
repeat this to you the citizens of
Israel we will continue until the end
until Victory nothing will stop us and
we are convinced that we have the
strength power the will and the
determination to achieve all the Wall's
goals and that is what we will do
[Music]
how
I