we are here at the head of the march of
the families of the hostages from where
they were set up for the past two weeks
or so in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem leading
the march here many here have spoken
about their frustration the lack of
answers they're receiving the demand
that the government do everything it can
to release the hostages some 240 still
held in Gaza from the very young the
grandparents grandmothers and
grandfathers the message that they are
trying to send to prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu and the war cabinet
is do whatever it takes make whatever
deal is necessary to bring them home as
soon as possible regardless of the deal
their priority not destroying Hamas not
destroying the tunnels but bringing the
families home for the past two weeks or
so they've been outside the defense
Ministry when the the war cabinet has
met trying to make sure that the
government hears them in that way they
feel that that hasn't been enough so now
they've taken to the streets of Tel Aviv
where they will March from here to
Jerusalem over the course of the next
several days this March very reminiscent
of a March from more than a decade ago
when the family of gilad Shalit an
Israeli soldier who was held prisoner in
Gaza for 5 years decided They too had
had enough and marched from their home
in Northern Israel to Tel Aviv by the
time they uh to Jerusalem by the time
they arrived in Jerusalem they had
thousands with them and put a tremendous
amount of pressure on prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu to make a deal to
free their son this the same idea but
now the family of 239 or so hostages
trying to put that same sort of pressure
to bring their family home they're
trying to demand answer and this is the
way they're doing it now or liberman CNN
on the streets of Tel
Aviv