the Israeli Defense Forces have said
that the integration of women soldiers
into certain combat units and elite
special forces has been postponed this
is in response to petitions by some
women who had sought to join the Special
Forces our correspondent Jodi Cohen
investigates
the IDF says that they conducted a study
and several pilot programs exploring
combat positions for women as a result
they are postponing the introduction of
women's soldiers in two certain units
and positions
they say that being able to carry heavy
weight especially over long distances
puts women soldiers at greater risk of
injury than men
the analysis concluded that there was a
low probability for women soldiers being
able to meet the physical requirements
of some units like heavy and armored
Infantry
the study did show that some combat
positions involving less weight
intensive roles could be filled by
female soldiers
some tank units and light infantry
brigades already have women soldiers and
just last month positions in the elite
669 unit search and rescue and combat
engineering were opened to women
IDF response to the high court of
justice reflects in my opinion the
complexity of the Israeli society and
the conflicting of interests that the
Army has to mediate
[Music]
the Army says that it has been working
for decades to expand available roles to
women ninety percent of its positions
are said to be open to women as well as
men and 20 percent of combat positions
have been filled by women now with more
women calling for service to be based on
ability and not gender the Army is
carrying out further research and
expects more elite units would be open
to women who fulfill certain
physiological criteria this is Jody
Cohen for we on world is one
[Music]