as the armed conflict in Gaza approaches
the three-month Mark the situation is a
dire for gazans struggling to surviving
camps the who is reporting a rapid
spread of diseases in the region
combined with a food crisis e desert us
off with many Gins left with minimal
medical assistance due to the ongoing
armed conflict in the war Tor region the
World Health Organization said Wednesday
that diseases are rapidly increasing in
the gona strip as sanitary conditions
have become extremely poor the UN health
agency says there have been more than
100,000 cases of diarrhea since mid
October and half of the patients are
children under the age of five also the
number of sick people continues to
increase rapidly with many living in
close quarters in crowded camps the
number of respiratory infection cases in
Gaza has exceeded
150,000 increasing Sevenfold in just 45
days the who added that other illnesses
such as menitis skin rash and chicken
pox have also been reported and many
residents appear to have symptoms of
jatis and even
hepatitis according to the world food
program all 2.2 million residents of the
Gaza Strip are in a state of acute food
insecurity adding that the region is
currently in a level four emergency
crisis out of a five- tier
classification level three or high is
considered an acute food crisis combined
with the food shortage Palestinians are
also facing drinking water shortages as
facilities capable of supplying water
are repeatedly damaged according to the
United Nations office for the
coordination of humanitarian Affairs on
Wednesday a water pipe passing East of K
Yunis was seriously damaged by an
Israeli air strike on Monday cutting off
drinking water to the entire region the
damaged water pipe was one of two water
pipes supplying drinking water from
Israel to Southern Gaza un organizations
fear that the water shortage will
exacerbate the dire health conditions of
gazans especially children who are
particularly
vulnerable news