Raza strip 50 m long and 7 m wide and
shares its border with Egypt and Israel
is under intense attack after hamas's
terror attack on
Israel
Israel pulled out of Gaza and handed it
over to the Palestinian leadership in
2005 but Hamas took it over in 2007 from
Palestinian Authority and since then it
has been ruling over the strip but does
it have a mass
support the residents of Gaza have
repeatedly taken out protest against
Hamas despite a brutal trck down in
August this year Security forces in Gaza
Strip prevented protesters from holding
rallies across the territory against
hamas's Authority in improv as well as
its failure to improve dire living
conditions various anti- Hamas activists
in Exile have joined the campaign urging
gazans to take to the streets and demand
a better standard of living Hamas
takeover of gaza's STP in 2007 from the
secular Palestinian leadership prompted
Israel and Egypt to place the territory
under blockade to St the flow of arms to
the group a blockade restricts the
importing of goods including electronic
and computer equipment that could be
used to make weapons and prevents most
people from leaving the
territory the restrictions have
shattered the economy in Gaza which has
a population of more than 2 million
people last year the unemployment rate
was over
45% only 10% of residents have direct
access to clean water according to a
UNICEF analysis from 2020 electricity
works for only several hours a day and
many complex medical procedures are not
available the Hamas has also been
accused of being brutal with those
voicing for peace between the two states
while Hamas permits Palestinian
Merchants Palestinian Authority
officials ill persons and some other
groups to communicate with Israelis it
has taken a hard line against
Palestinians engaging with Israelis on a
sociopolitical level the attacks in Gaza
may have quelled the Rebellion for now
but with a strict economic blockade
imposed on Gaza the public anger is only
expected to grow in near future with
Muhammad gazali Osama sha for NDTV