[Music]
the administration is trying to thread
the needle both domestically and
overseas that is it's trying to take a
strong response to discourage further
attacks on the other hand it doesn't
want to get drawn in to a regional
conflict so it's trying to reassure
Americans that it is supporting Israel
but is not going to be uh involved in
another foreign war uh and overseas it's
trying to convince the Iranians to have
their surrogates uh turn down uh the
violence uh without engaging directly
with uh the
Iranians
thank you everyone for being here today
I do think that trying to bring some
resolution to the Gaza situation is a
really is is perhaps one of the most
important is the most important thing
that we can do it's this is the
incendiary that's causing the uptick and
violence down in the Red Sea and both in
Iraq and Syria and so uh getting that to
a different place getting that to more
something more stable um I think is an
important important step whether the
whether the Iranians uh you know agree
with all of that or not uh uh you know
that I think that's to to be
[Music]
seen but we have to recognize that this
is where we are right now we can't wish
this away and we need to make sure
sencom has the resources uh that it
requires to to get this to a place where
release back to the status quo and
hopefully something to something
better
I don't think you're going to see a
response specifically as a result of
these attacks now if the attacks
continue on US forces and if there are
us casualties then I think you're going
to see more intense or continuing
attacks in
[Music]
retaliation
[Music]
[Music]
I think perhaps one of the most
important things we can continue to do
is to continue to make sure we assign
responsibility for all of this to the
Iranians um I think it's a very critical
important message and I actually think
the administration is doing quite a good
job with that right now
[Music]
[Music]