ever since the Hamas Israel war started
the issue of hostages taken by the
militants has been at the heart of this
conflict the fact that hostages include
foreign Nationals from Canada US France
Thailand and Nepal has only compounded
the whole problem but now there are
reports of Hamas releasing three
hostages a video circulating on the
internet appears to show Hamas soldiers
releasing a female hostage along with
two children near the Gaza Israel border
the video has been released by Hamas
hamas's Kasam Brigade Israeli television
channels rejected the militant groups
claim while dubbing the whole episode as
theatrics Israel says over 150 people
have been taken hostage most of them are
unarmed civilians including women
elderly and
children many of them had been abducted
from the music festival that became one
of the first targets of Hamas militant
time is rushing there's a N9 months baby
and a three-year-old child and my aunt
has Parkinson's
disease I want them back we all want our
family
back there is growing International
pressure on Hamas to not harm the
hostages Israel has repeatedly warned
against any executions earlier Hamas has
warned that it would start killing
refugees if Israel continues to pound
gazin without any advanced warning
Israel now says any humanitarian Siege
would only be possible after all the
hostages are freed there's growing fear
that Hamas could deploy its hostage
insurance policy it could use hostages
as political bargaining chips in the
conflict it could also ask for the
release of Palestinian prisoners in
exchange for hostages and this comes at
a time when there are reports of the
United States sending hostage rescue
experts to
[Music]
Israel