I'm joined with the Israel Defense Force
spokesperson major doron s if you can
talk about as we've been reporting from
kibud which is the hardest hit Area is
the community that has been completely
their life has been completely
devastated how the Hamas terrorist who
entered and invaded Israel if you can
talk about what Hamas did was they uh
practiced for a very long time and how
to attack a civilian commun community of
uh women and children mostly women and
children and men as well that were not
prepared they stormed across the border
very quickly uh on motorcycles and uh on
in cars and also uh with hand gliders
and flew in they came to the front gate
and immediately assassinated a family
broke through the gate and very quickly
came in and began to shoot everything in
sight the people were caught by surprise
because of the
brutality and uh it took many hours uh a
small group of people tried fighting
them and it took many hours until the
Army we were able to arrive and regain
control and in that time they
slaughtered the people here uh what is a
clear message to the Hamas terrorist who
tried to invade Israel and devastated
the life of the people who were staying
very
normally these were good people this was
our family and we are going to defend
our family we are going to find every
single person from Hamas that did this
and eliminate them we are going to
eliminate Hamas as an organization so
that this can never happen again uh
there is also a thing of a ground
inversion that is going to be started
very soon it's just about the civilian
who's still been stuck where the Hamas
is taking a human shield so when the
ground invasion is going to start ground
offens is going to start Israel is ready
for ground Invasion uh if we are given
the order we will carry this out it will
be a great challenge because Hamas is
hiding behind uh innocent people
Israel's trying to move the innocent
people out of the way but it's very
difficult because Hamas is breaking
international law by holding them there
and that is our challenge but defeating
Kamas is the biggest priority thank you
so much thank
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Music]