he's in the south of Israel for us today
he's with me right now Luke just bring
us up to speed as to where things stand
this
afternoon well we're now in the sixth
day of the truce between Hamas and
Israel uh were self it already been
prolonged until Thursday morning now
Hamas uh has offered to prolong that
truce by another four days Israel
previously stating that it was uh happy
to continue doing so for as long as
hostages were going to to continue being
released now the current Arrangements
call for 10 Israeli hostages to be
released against 30 Palestinian
prisoners who are in Israeli jails we've
seen 180 of those prisoners released so
far with Hamas on Wednesday publishing a
list of 15 women and 15 teenagers uh
with Israel to receiving its own list of
uh 10 Israeli Citizens We're told that
their families have now been informed
that they are part of this latest
release now alongside this deal sep
separately to the truce Hamas has also
stated that it will be releasing two
Russian citizens that they say as a
gesture of Goodwill uh to and
appreciation towards Russian President
Vladimir Putin now we've seen no sign so
far of uh the youngest hostage held by
Hamas on the list that's kir bias just a
10-month old toddler now his family's
been quite desperate for information we
spoke to some of them on Tuesday they've
been making special requests for
assistance for uh the for that family to
to end up on the list of released
hostages they've said there's no excuse
for using such young hostages you've got
kir and his brother Ariel at four years
old uh who are who are being held the
the his family have been saying that
there's there's no reason for them to be
used as political tools is the way that
they put it now uh elsewhere uh We've uh
seen that there has been an exchange of
gunfire in Gaza there were fears on
Tuesday that a similar exchange uh could
have threatened the truce but it seems
to have been at something of a low level
and relatively minor so the truce at
this point uh still continues and is not
at this point under threat