we have heard an announcement yesterday
that it's opening today that's been
greeted with um great joy actually
surprise I mean surprising to hear joy
in this circumstance from the United
Nations humanitarian Aid Chiefs uh for
two reasons one it speeds up the things
enormously because the inspection can
happen and I think what the UN wants is
what used to happen before which is the
trucks would just go straight in from
there at the moment the plan the Israeli
plan is to do the checking in fact they
say they're doing the checking and
they've checked hundreds of vehicles and
it's not their fault that they're not
getting in um they send them off to Rafa
and Israel BLS the United Nations and
Egypt for not getting them into the
civilians quickly enough but I think the
reality is that the rfak border crossing
is not designed for this the Kum Shalom
border crossing is at the moment Israel
says it will speed up the inspection uh
So that's its inspection to make sure
there are no arms coming in with the um
humanitarian aid but but whether the
next step will take place we have yet to
see uh if it does what um the one of the
un uh humanitarian Aid Chiefs Martin
griffi described it would be a miracle
you don't often hear that word in the
past 67 days coming out of the United
Nations in anything to do with Gaza but
at the moment the number of trucks is
smaller we have also seen armed men
jumping on top of them we've seen video
of that Israel says their Hamas in off
some of this aid for whatever reason
much less Aid is reaching very needy
Palestinian civilians who are going
hungry who don't have sufficient shelter
who don't have sufficient sanitation all
those problems are not being addressed
quickly enough and perhaps this is one
step that might see that happen by the
way under pressure from
Washington