more Gaza hostages were freed on
wednessday we are now in the stage of
the truce Israel said the temporary
truce with the Hamas militant group will
continue as mediator efforts are ongoing
10 Israeli hostages arrived back in
Israel among them five women three
children and two 18-year-old
males
[Music]
another four thigh hostages were also
released along with two women holding
dual Russian and Israeli citizenship
outside the terms of the deal the
release of the two women was described
by Hamas as as a recognition of the
efforts of Russian President Vladimir
Putin in return according to the Kat
foreign Ministry Israel released 30
Palestinians 14 women and 16 minors
alongside emotional reunions there were
fresh reminders of the tragic Stakes of
the
[Applause]
conflict Israel's Army stated it was
probing a report by Hamas that a
10-month-old baby hostage his 4-year-old
brother and their mother had all been
killed in a bombing in Gaza now in a
statement it is said it is assessing the
accuracy of the information with
tensions High the Palestinian Health
Ministry in the West Bank stated that
the Israeli Army shot and killed an
8-year-old boy and a teenager the
military said troops had responded with
life fire after explosive devices had
been Hur at them the world food program
has warned gaza's population faces a
high risk of famine if the humanitarian
organization is not able to provide
continued access to food the spokesman
for the Hamas run territories Health
Ministry said doctors found five
premature babies dead in Gaza City's al-
nasar
[Music]
Hospital
[Music]
according to the UN an estimated 1.7
million Palestinians in Gaza have been
forced to leave their homes so far which
is more than half the territory's
[Music]
population