after a grueling 46 days the Israeli
Parliament has voted in favor of a
hostage deal with Hamas qatar's
mediation along with Egypt and the US
have secured a short but crucial period
of
respite this deal could signal a change
in the general atmosphere of this
conflict this will be a break in the
wave and will create a new reality that
may convince the Israelis that power
doesn't always achieve the desired
results and that sitting at a
negotiation table is better and can
bring more practical results for us and
for them more than what they can gain
from the
battlefield the deal promises some
relief for both sides but Netanyahu has
made it clear this is only
temporary there is nonsense out there as
if after the ceasefire to return the
hostages we will stop the war I'd like
to make it clear we are at War and we
will continue the War until we achieve
all our goals eliminate Hamas return all
the hostages and missing and guarantee
that there will be no threat to Israel
in
Gaza the agreement includes a 4-day
suspension of hostilities effective from
Thursday and the resumption of
humanitarian Aid shipments into Gaza I
really hope that through this we will be
able to better reach everyone in Gaza
streets including people are still in
the north and that during these days we
will be able to scale up our response
but beyond that I really hope that from
this four or five days we can build an
extended ceasefire Israel has
continuously stated its main concern is
bringing home the hostages taken by
Hamas on October 7th something the deal
promises only partially even after the
announcement of the deal the fighting
didn't stop smoke plumes from the
missile strikes over Gazza are present
as
ever while a break and hostilities will
give overwhelmed hospitals a chance to
recover it's only a matter of time until
the casualties and missiles come raining
in once again OB deito trt
world