at the foot of the Shia mosque Bak
atalah Palestine Street 11 tribal Chiefs
have come to support the people of Gaza
with each giving a donation of around
$20 they're trying to encourage other
members of their tribe to do the
same as an Iraqi Citizen and a tribal
leader I have money there are sons and
brothers in My Tribe we will donate
anything the Palestinian people
need following shat religious leader Ali
elani's call for solidarity with Gaza 50
collection points have been set up
across
Iraq in the past we send donations like
flour and milk but because of Transport
difficulties we decided to donate and
transfer money because it will reach our
Palestinian Brothers
faster the money is then due to be
passed on to NOS on the ground or via
Egypt other well organized groups like
The hashad Al shabi have already
collected several hundred tons of food
for the government donation campaign
people are coming to our centers to
donate food items after buying them from
the market we're not worried about the
amount of Iraqi humanitarian aids to
Gaza Iraqis will donate large amounts
tins of food lentils rice and other
Essentials are all packed
here these are 12 food items that we
chose according to our experience of
sending Iraqi Aid to our brothers in
Syria during the
earth a first Convoy of 18 tons of
humanitarian aid from Iraq has already
arrived at the Rafa Crossing Point ready
to enter the Gaza Strip others will
follow with many initiatives being
launched to finance them like these
artists who gathered on the banks of the
tigis in
Baghdad all this work will be shown
inside the gallery of the Iraqi artist
Union in case these paintings will be
sold the income will be sent to support
the families of the Marts in Gaza at the
recent Cairo peace Summit the Iraqi
prime minister added his support to the
f reconstruction of
Gaza