the Israel Hamas war is leading to a
rapidly spiraling humanitarian crisis in
the Gaza Strip as part reports nearly
half of gaza's population that's nearly
a million people has been internally
displaced the United Nations father
warns that the territory is in danger of
running out of water gaza's residents
are running out of food Fuel and medical
supplies and if the fighting intensifies
gazans May face a terrifying escalation
of Bloodshed and misery as by reports
Israeli missile strikes in the G a strip
destroyed thousands of buildings in the
past week according to the international
Committee of the Red Cross the medical
system in Gaza has also been left in
shamol the rest of the world is
protesting against the massive violence
and Bard in the Gaza Strip Pro Palestine
protests are taking place in major
cities across the United States and
Europe people in Washington DC New York
London Pari and various other cities are
taken to the streets to denounce the
ongoing violence and escalating
humanitarian crisis in the Gaza Strip
meanwhile the European commission
announced it is tripling the current
humanitarian assistance for Gaza to 78.8
million us on the other hand the fears
of Fallout from the Israel Hamas war is
spreading in Europe president Emanuel
macron's government is worried about
Fallout from the war in France
visitors and staff evacuated from verai
Palace on Saturday as well as the L
Museum in Pari after bomb threats were
received this comes a me heightened
vigilance around France following
Friday's School attack where a
20-year-old man stabbed a teacher to
death President Emanuel macron condemned
the incident as barbaric Islamic
terrorism meanwhile US President Joe
Biden held telephonic conversations with
Israel's prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu and Palestinian Authority
president Mahmud Abbas over the weekend
he arged both leaders to make efforts to
ensure the situation does not escalate
as for president bass's office the
Palestinian leader told Biden he
completely rejects the displacement of
Palestinians from
Gaza weon is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the
move