the Rafa Crossing has opened for the
first time since the Israeli bombardment
of Gaza and here's a quick explainer
about why it's so crucial Rafa is the
only one of the Gaza land Crossing
points which does not border Israel
instead it's the route to Egypt ever
since the Hamas takeover of Gaza in 2007
which was opposed by the Egyptian
authorities Egypt has strictly
controlled who uses the crossing under
President CeCe it's closed the key
smuggling tunnels between Egypt and Gaza
which used to see a lot of movement of
people and goods but Rafa has become
more and more crucial after the Hamas
attacks inside Israel on October the 7th
the situation changed
dramatically as well as imposing a Siege
on Gaza the Israelis launched a ground
Invasion and for two weeks trucks packed
full of Aid were not allowed into Gaza
The Crossing has been increasingly
insecure with Israeli stri stes hitting
the border at least four times but after
nearly a month of Israeli bombings on
Gaza there was intense pressure to open
the gates with mounting casualties
hostages and Nationals from 44 different
countries trapped inside Gaza we have no
electricity the food we have to go find
each day uh the Water stopped so there's
no no sanitary water there's uh we have
to go find the drinking water um it's
very difficult it's very
difficult the first people through were
those garan's most critically wounded
Palestinians including children with war
wounds needing specialized
treatment around 500 duel and foreign
Nationals were put on an agreed list
after frantic mediation overseen by
Qatar and America and agreed by Egypt
Israel and Hamas the desperation the
deaths and the casualties inside AA is
growing by the hour and that has meant
the only exit route which is through the
rapid Crossing has assumed critical
importance