[Music]
h
oh
[Music]
[Music]
Mr President why the delay of getting
cages
Out Mr President why is the delay of
getting hostages
out we're hopeful thanks for moving
along did you ask for a 3-day pause to
netan Yahoo you know I've been asking
for a pause for a lot more than the 3
days um
yes did you ask him to pause for 3 Days
to get the hospital for that time I
asked for even a longer pause for some
of Mr President are you frustrated with
prime minister Netanyahu that he has not
listened more to some of the things you
have asked him to
do it's taking a little longer than I
hope it's
Tak
excellencies ladies and gentlemen
president macron thank you for hosting
this conference we are here to support
civilians in Gaza of course nothing
justifies the abor acts of Terror by
Hamas in Israel on 7 October which I
utterly
condemned Israelis and others were
brutally killed or abducted and I call
once again for the unconditional return
of all
hostages now civilians in Gaza including
children and women face a NeverEnding
humanitarian nightmare their
neighborhoods wiped out their loved ones
killed bombs raining down while being
denied life's very Basics food water
medicine
electricity some life-saving Aid is
beginning to trickle into Gaza but let's
face it it's a drop in the ocean the
needs are enormous we must step up to
assist and protect civilians in Gaza
that means an immediate humanitarian
ceasefire it means ensuring full respect
of international humanitarian law it
means protecting hospitals un facilities
shelters and schools it means unfettered
safe and sustained access to bring and
distribute supplies at much greater
scale volume and frequency including
Fuel and it means investing in the 1.2
billion you dollars humanitarian appeal
that the United Nations has just
launched to help the people of Gaza I
urge your support now is is the time for
concrete action together we can help
hease this terrible human suffering we
can help civilians in Gaza see at last
and at the very least a glimmer of hope
a sign of solidarity and a signal that
the world sees their plight and cares
enough to act thank
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]