know in israel at least three people
have been killed in what police suspect
to be a palestinian attack a manhunt has
been launched into the deadly attack in
the central city of ellen which happened
on israel's independence day
health officials said three people were
killed while three others were being
treated with serious slash wounds
witnesses and emergency responders said
the attackers used axes police
investigators and ambulances were at the
scene of the attack police set up
roadblocks to try to catch the asylums
who fled the scene
ella's mayor urged residents to stay
indoors while security forces were still
operating
it remained unclear how the violence
unfolded but authorities said a pair of
palestinian attackers went on a stabbing
rampage before fleeing in a vehicle
police has launched search for the
assailants
pointing to possible palestinians
suspects defense minister benigns
announced measures to stop the suspects
from escaping and traveling to the
occupied west bank gans also announced
that a closure of the west bank would
remain in force through sunday
condemning the attack israel's foreign
minister yar lapid said the joy of
independence day had been interrupted in
an instant
the u.s state department also condemned
the deadly attack
israeli palestinian intentions have
soared recently with violence at
jerusalem's most sensitive holy site
erupting weekly over the past month
earlier thursday al-aqsa mosque was the
scene of new unrest when confrontations
broke out between palestinians and
israeli police at the mosque compound in
jerusalem's old city
the allied attack is the latest in a
string of deadly attacks in israeli
cities in recent weeks
there have been a spate of arab street
attacks in recent weeks as well
the attacks in israel and the west bank
that have mostly targeted civilians
prior to a lid 15 people were reportedly
killed including three police officers
and a security guard
israel has responded with arrest raids
in palestinian towns at least 40
palestinians have been killed by israeli
forces since the beginning of the year
[Music]
you