the intelligence directorate under my
command did not fulfill its task I have
carried that black day with me ever
since those words written in a
resignation letter by the head of
Israel's Military Intelligence Aaron
haliva had already taken full
responsibility publicly 10 days after
Hamas Fighters carried out their
surprise Ambush on Southern Israel but
he stayed on due to the war in Gaza with
a conflict now in its seventh month he
is the first senior Israeli official
resign Israel had received intelligence
warnings up to a year before October the
7th that Hamas was planning an assault
even in the days leading up to the
attack reports suggest allies and
members of Israel's Military
Intelligence warned of unusual activity
in Gaza all were ignored the Army was
caught by surprise it was hours before a
proper response was organized and
Israel's sense of security was shaken to
its core
opposition leader yid has welcomed
jiva's decision saying it was justified
and honorable and the Prime Minister
Netanyahu should do the same there is uh
one line that uh was uh directed is
directed to uh the Prime Minister he
says Authority comes with
responsibility and netan is the highest
Authority and he never took respons
responsibility so actually Mr khwa
wanted to set a kind of a
personal message to
Netanyahu uh to tell him if I can do it
you also should do it the head of
Israel's internal intelligence the shinb
and the Army Chief have taken
responsibility for failing to prevent
the attack by Hamas but prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu has not Netanyahu
maintains that now is not the time that
he is willing to answer tough questions
but not before the war in Gaza is over
there have been increasing calls for him
to resign but that's something the Prime
Minister seems unwilling to listen to
many Israelis accuse him of prolonging
this war because once the war is over so
two will be his political career
Stephanie Decker Al jazer in occupied
East
Jerusalem make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz