we begin with our top story right now
the latest coming in from the Israel
Hamas War now Israel could be
considering to allow the Palestinian
Authority which currently governs West
Bank to rule Gaza after the war an idea
that Israel's strongest Ally us has been
pushing Israel's acceptance has been
indicated by Israel's National Security
advisor prime minister Benjamin aun yahu
so far had been categorically rejecting
this suggestion but his nsa's words
could be seen as the latest sign that
Biden administration's press
could be affecting Israel's prime
minister's decisions now in an opinion
piece written for in an Arabic language
news site Israel's NSA wrote and I quote
Israel is aware of the desire of
International Community and the
countries of the region to integrate the
Palestinian Authority the day after
Hamas and we make it clear that the
matter will require a fundamental reform
of the Palestinian Authority unquote now
he added that Israel is ready for this
effort
Netanyahu has repeatedly rejected that
postwar Gaza should be run by the
Palestinian Authority he says that it
represents as much of a security threat
to Israel as Hamas but hanik B has
indicated that a Palestinian Authority
that undertakes fundamental reforms
might be acceptable to Israel in his
write up he mentioned reforms that
include a focus on duty to raise the
Young Generation without incitement to
violence against Israel Biden
Administration officials are pressing
the Palestinian Authority to undertake
major reforms so that it can govern Gaza
after war and these include dismissal of
its aging leadership setting a timetable
for elections and overhauling its
security Force Palestinian officials and
Arab governments are insisting that a
lasting ceasefire is necessary in Gaza
before they agree to discuss any postwar
Arrangements now while herek wrote the
opinion a senior Israeli official has
said his words are misunderstood now
this is as for reports in Israeli media
speaking off record he denied that
Israel is considering Palestinian
Authority's rule in Gaza the official
also said that Israel is interested in
reaching a new hostage release agreement
first but that there are no active
negotiations at
[Music]
present