Hamas is already today a completely
different shrunk diminished terrorist
threat but it's still there I don't
think this is where the Israelis are
going to end but I think that moving
forward they will be able to do this in
a much more
counterterm uh type of operation than a
military one critical to do that is
ending the hostage
situation right now all the women right
now all the
[Music]
men I do think there is a particular
push for it right now it's in Biden's
interest in terms of domestic politics I
think it's Biden's wanted this from the
get-go because he's a close friend of
Israel there are Americans who are still
being held hostage we just found out
that an American that was thought to be
held hostage actually was killed um so
this is very much an American issue um
the Israelis have their own interest in
wanting to see this move forward uh the
way that this is being fought is is
costing them standing in the
International Community um and so all
these things together uh uh create a
situation where maybe something will
happen Hamas has been very instent
because I'm not convinced that Hamas is
eager for a deal Hamas is very very
happy for things to happen such that
Israel standing falls falls more its
relationship with its key weapon
suppliers deteriorates I think Hamas
sees that as overall a much more
strategically important
goal
and I think because Israeli not only
military and Security leaders who've
realized this for a long time but even
the political leaders are recognizing
that to really deal with Hamas as a
counterterrorism issue you got to deal
with the hostages first um they are
putting a huge push to resolving
this
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
that's
it
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]