a move that showcases Israel's blatant
disregard for Palestinian rights and
international law the demolition of f
ab's home of 38
years in the morning the police arrived
closed of the area and stormed the house
in a barbaric manner we thought they had
come to kill us my wife children and me
not to demolish the house they expelled
us brought in bulldozers and demolish
the house this is the result they made
us lose our past memories and future the
didn't just destroy the house it
demolished our family life three
families lived here me my children and
my grandchildren 10 people theab says
it's clear that destruction was an act
of Revenge he has been at the Forefront
of the movement to Halt Israel's eria of
Palestinian homes and Heritage in
occupied East
Jerusalem campaigners say demolition is
used by Israeli authorities as
collective punishment against
Palestinians the latest has been
condemned by rights organizations but
most surprisingly by the us we condemn
the demolition of fakri Abu diab's home
uh he is a community leader in East
Jerusalem uh we believe that demolition
not only obviously damages uh his home
and his family and the lives that they
have built there but the entire
Community who live in fear that their
homes may be next um this has been their
family home for Generations uh part of
the structure dates back to before 1967
he has been an outspoken Community
leader including against demolitions and
now his family has been displaced the
rebuke comes as Israel extends its
military Onslaught in Rafa which was
meant to be a safe zone for gazans the
size of hro
airport the UN says 1.5 million people
are currently crammed into the area and
a large scale attack by Israel would be
catastrophic but Israel's leadership
believes the region houses hamas's final
stronghold and has refused to heat calls
for restraint that's led to frustration
from its Western allies many are now
openly criticizing the operation with US
President Joe Biden admitting he feels
Israel's actions are over the
top H the world