it seems that the US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin did not manage to um
gain any concessions from Israeli Prime
Minister Benyamin Netanyahu on his visit
to Israel his sixth visit to the region
the two men spent just 40 minutes
talking together um and after that
meeting Netanyahu came back out and said
that despite us pleas not uh to launch
an allout assault on Rafa that Israeli
troops would go in with or without us
support
um so he says that is necessary to
eradicate remaining Hamas battalions
there but Anthony blinkin warning in no
un certain terms that this would be a
grave mistake and would have um severe
repercussions in terms of is Israel
stuning in the world he said it would
further uh isolate Israel he also said
it would further jeopardize the delivery
of humanitarian Aid you know in Rafa
there are around one and a half million
people packed in there in already dire
conditions so getting the a them and
people elsewhere in Gaza it is a huge
challenge so it it's not clear on this
where where this goes next there is an
Israeli delegation heading to Washington
next week to try and look at what the US
is presenting as alternatives to an
allout offensive on Rafa a more targeted
approach but Netanyahu seems to have uh
ruled that out now whether that is
brinkmanship on his part whether it's a
ploy to pile more pressure on Hamas as
these negotiations in Doha continue or
not or whether if if the Rafer assault
is eventually called off he can blame
that on Washington well you know those
that remains to be seen he is an
experienced um political maneuver of
course and on those talks in Doha um
it's interesting to note that Anthony
blink before leaving Israel said that
the gaps were narrowing that they were
down to the last few points that things
were of course difficult but that
progress seem to have been made that's
not the account we're getting from
Israeli officials who've been speaking
out anonymously in various parts of the
media um they say that that is perhaps
no uh hope for an imminent ceasefire and
that of course Still Remains to be seen
as well