Israel's Army is warning of more
aggressive military action against
Hezbollah if it doesn't stop attacking
its positions and pull back from the
border but its officials say they will
also give a chance for diplomacy the
Lebanese armed group two appears ready
for a political settlement but not
before Israel's war on Gaza
ends a few days ago hezbollah's
Secretary General Hassan nah said this
battle created an opportunity to
liberate every inch of Lebanese land and
that appears to be what US Envoy Amos
hoson is looking to discuss with
Lebanese officials the possibility of
starting negotiations on ending
territorial disputes along the land
border as a way of containing the
conflict hton was in Israel last week I
think you've all heard what the
government in Israel has said which is
that there is a narrow window but that
they prefer a diplomatic solution I
think that is the case we have we're
living in a crisis moment where we would
like to see a diplomatic solution and I
believe that both sides are prefer
diplomatic solution is our job to get
one but that may take time the prime
minister's office says the US is looking
for Middle Ground to reduce tensions
before a final deal can be worked out in
the early days of the conflict Lebanon
prime minister said the decision for war
or peace was not in his government's
hands now he says the country is ready
for talks on longterm stability on its
Southern border with Israel many
interpret this as approval from a more
powerful Hezbollah for indirect
negotiations to begin lebanon's Deputy
speaker of parliament played a role in
indirect negotiations that led to the
maritime border deal between Lebanon and
Israel in
2022 and says war is not not the
solution if the objective is to return
settlers to their settlements in the
north we have the same objective which
is the return of all Lebanese villages
to their border Villages and Farms the
solution should come through diplomatic
means and no one can find any other
solution violence is escalating on the
ground but the Waring sides are still
limiting their attacks on Military
targets and keeping them largely to the
Border
at least for now Zan alaz
Beirut make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer