[Music]
[Music]
in the last hours we intensified the
attacks in Gaza the Air Force was
conducting extensive strikes on tunnels
and other terrorist infrastructure in
addition to the attacks carried out in
the last few days ground forces are
expanding their operations tonight the
military is operating powerfully on all
dimensions in order to achieve the goals
of the
[Music]
war
[Music]
this is the shifa
hospital you can see where it locates in
Gaza
City the largest hospital in
Gaza it has over 1,500 beds 4,00 and
stuff and now it has also more people
around the surroundings of the hospital
Hamas uses shifa hospital as a shield
for Hamas Terror infrastructure Hamas
wages war from
hospitals by operating from these
hospitals Hamas not only endangers the
lives of Israelis civilians but also
exploit innocent Gaz and civilians as
human
shield shifa is not the only hospital it
is one of many Hamas use of hospitals is
a
systematic Hamas terrorists operate
inside hospitals precisely because they
know the IDF distinguishes between
terrorists and civilians Israel targets
terrorists Hamas Target Israeli
civilians and gazan civilians as we show
as we as we have shown in the elmadi
incident in the hospital of el mahadi
[Music]
what we see here is a rocket that was
launched that was launched from the hit
the building behind us
uh it it hit the uh top floor the fourth
floor uh a fire was erupted in the third
floor as you can see from the windows
here uh four people were
injured two of them um medium range of
injury two light
injuries uh the the uh the reason I
think we don't have any c casties to the
best of my understanding of the scenario
is because people acted according to the
instructions they listened to the siren
or the application they went into the
stairways into safe areas and basically
life were
safe
[Music]
something