first up on the show well in the
backdrop of the ongoing Relentless
strikes in Gaza an Israeli Minister has
drawn severe criticism for suggesting
dropping a nuclear bomb on the war tone
region the comments were made by
Israel's Heritage Minister amich eliyahu
during a radio interview following this
controversial comment prime minister
Benjamin netanyahu's office issued a
statement on the remarks describing Eli
Yahoo's remarks as quote unquote
disconnected from reality the statement
also went on to add that Israel was
trying to spare non-combatants in
Gaza now following the outcry over the
controversial remarks amii alahu has
later shared a post on social media
platform X that his statement about the
atomic bomb bomb was quote unquote
metaphorical meanwhile on the warfront
Israel strikes have heavily bombarded
Gaza late last night territory saw new
numerous large blast uh fires and Rising
Thick Smoke around a dozen explosions
were caught on camera across the border
in Gaza in just a 22-minute
period Israel's Iron Dome system
intercepted a number of rockets over the
sky of T Aviv Rockets exploding in the
air were seen up close from the city
skyline the Israeli Army released
footage showing tanks and soldiers
proceeding into Gaza as well as targets
being hit by air strikes Israeli
soldiers deployed on Army vehicles and
shot to world's designated
positions the Hezbollah has also
released videos of hitting Israeli
outpost on the border with Lebanon
blasts and plumes of smoke Rose from
sites of the Israeli forces a
communication Tower in alib bad and a
surveillance camera on a crane were also
hit by the rockets on the Diplomatic
front Jordan's King Abdullah II and and
Crown Prince Hussein uh met with the US
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin in
Aman uh earlier the top us Diplomat held
discussions with Arab states on Israel's
assault on Gaza foreign Ministers of
Jordan Egypt stood alongside blinkin and
repeatedly pushed for a cessation of
hostilities they said that the death of
thousands of civilians could not be
justified as self-defense but blinkin
said that a halt would allow Hamas to
regroup and attack Israel once again and
as the war continues to escalate Pro
Palestinian demonstrations have been
staged in London Berlin Paris anara
Istanbul and Washington and have called
for a ceasefire in
Kasa