barred from Alat mosque by Israeli
Security Forces Ramadan began for these
Palestinians outside the city
walls the Israeli government had
promised freedom of
worship but police were picking and
choosing who's allowed
in you feel bad when you see such kind
of thing they should Ease on people they
should open the gates in order for
people to enter without any restrictions
in the runup to Ramadan there have been
scuffles and
tension between Palestinians and
Israelis imposing restrictions they say
for security
reasons but for all the talk of Ramadan
erupting into violence the mood here in
The Old City seems more depressed with
Israeli restrictions and no tourists
because of the war business they say
here has never been worse you feel
terrible you know because uh I'm nearly
60 years old I have never in my life had
witnessed Jerusalem economical situation
get as bad as it is
today out on the West Bank there is
increasing resentment made worse by new
plans to expand Israeli settlements on
occupied land that's eat there yes yes
and now what we're seeing there are
bunch of Israeli Caravans put there by
Israeli settlers Israel is not villages
were reluctant to talk worried about
Israeli reprisals fears have been rising
since the start of the war and ahead of
Ramadan are you worried well you know
after what's happening now is in Gaza
yes I think everybody's worried because
uh we've never seen the Israeli go to
that much uh horrific
extent nearby the markets of Bethlehem
were bustling
the Shoppers prepare for this year's
holy month but the mood this time is
different people are upset because
because of what's happening in Gaza very
bad very bad why
why
uh the backdrop is war and bloodshed the
mood for this Ramadan Sullen and gloomy
with no end in sight to the
conflict Dominic waghorn Sky News
Jerusalem