now Israeli Prime Minister benan
Netanyahu has reiterated that nothing
will stop Israel from continuing the war
in Gaza until it defeats Hamas well at
this point even the US has started
voicing concerns but I guess nothing
really changes as far as Israel's stance
is concerned amid mounting pressure
Israel's foreign minister Eli Kohan has
says that the war will continue with or
without international
support
Israel's strongest Ally the United
States has expressed concern over
civilian casualties in Gaza as per
reports it has delayed the sale of
20,000 assault rifles to Israel Over
settler violence in the West Bank US
National Security adviser is going to
visit Israel for a two-day visit
starting Thursday he's also likely to
make other stops in the West Asia region
talks on hostages and humanitarian Aid
will focus
will be the focus of this visit
meanwhile Israel has announced that it
has suffered its worst combat losses so
far in the war Israel reported 10 of its
soldiers killed in the past 24 hours
itself including a colonel commanding a
forward base and a leftenant colonel
commanding a
regiment
Hamas on the other hand says that any
plan for postwar Gaza that does not
involve the Palestinian militant group
is just a delusion this is nethan said
that he will not allow the entry into
Gaza of those who support terrorism and
finance
terrorism the Israeli Army released
footage showing troops fighting in the
southern part of Gaza Israel has
intensified its attacks in the region
after the fighting renewed following a
brief
pause Hamas has also released a video
showing its operations in Khan un City
in southern Gaza
[Music]
these are the scenes of Rafa in South in
the afrat of Israeli strikes people
could be seen being rushed to hospitals
in
ambulances
meanwhile violence is also raging in the
West Bank and Israeli raid in the area
entered its second day on Wednesday and
it left at least seven Palestinians dead
as per the Palestinian Health Ministry
the Israeli military said forces
confiscated approximately 30 weapons
ammunition military equipment and weapon
SPS without commenting on those
[Music]
killed