American air strike in Iraq killed a
senior Commander from a pro-iran armed
group and who was involved in attacks on
Washington's troops in the region well
us Central Command said that the
commander killed on Wednesday was
targeted in response to the attacks on
US service members now Washington it
launched a wave of strikes on Iran link
Targets in Syria and Iraq last week
following the killing of three troops in
neighboring Jordan on the 28th of
January the US Central commanded stated
that the strike killed a Kat Hezbollah
Commander responsible for planning and
participating in attacks on US forces in
the region it further added that us will
continue to take actions to protect our
people we will not hesitate to hold
responsible all those who threaten our
forces safety a member of KB hasbullah
confirmed a commander who was
responsible for the
military attack in Syria and had been
killed identifying him as Abu Bakr aladi
the group announced it was suspending
violence against US forces after the
deadly Jordan attack now the hashed AL
shabi a coalition of mainly pro-iran
paramilitaries integrated into Iraq's
regular Security Forces also confirmed
saadi's death hashed Al shabi has said
16 of its Fighters were killed and 36
people hurt in the US strikes on Friday
which Washington said hit 85 targets at
seven sides in Iraq and Syria as per an
interior Ministry official a total of
three people two kabbah leaders and
three drivers died in the strike the
attack was carried out by a drone in the
East Bagdad neighborhood of machal in a
statement Iraq's pro-iran aljaba
movement promised a targeted retaliation
assuring that these crimes will not go
unpunished the group added that American
violations will not seize without a firm
official position from the Iraqi
government Hamas also condemned what had
dubbed as violation of Iraq sovereignity
and security us and Allied troops have
been attacked more than 165 times in the
West in West Asia since mid- October
Iran backed armed groups oppos us
support for Israel in the war in
Gaza