as the Israel Hamas War enters its third
week the leaders of the Us and other
Western countries are ramping up
diplomatic efforts to prevent a wider
regional conflict while pledging
humanitarian support for civilians
meanwhile Arab nations are calling on
Israel to immediately stop his offensive
our chuang
reports US President Joe Biden in a
virtual meeting with the Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Natan on Sunday
welcomed the entry of the Aid convoys
into the Gaza Strip the White House said
bir leaders affirmed their commitment to
Eng goinging humanitarian aid for Gaza
and gred the release of two American
hostage by Hamas it also called for the
immediate release of all remaining
hostage President Biden also held a
meeting with leaders from Canada France
Germany Italy and the United Kingdom to
discuss the isra and Hamas conflict
which has the potential to escalate to
other parts of the Middle East with
clashes over already happening under
Israel and Lebanon border the White
House stated that President Biden
discussed his recent visit to is roel
and efforts to ensure food medicine and
other humanitarian support for Gaza
moreover Western leaders pleased to work
together closely for lasting peace in
the Middle East and to provide support
to their citizens in the region
particularly those who wish to leave
Gaza meanwhile on Saturday there was a
peace conference in Cairo aimed at
stopping the conflict
many leaders and foreign ministers from
the Middle East Africa and Europe came
to the KY Summit of peace without Israel
or the United States while Arab and
Muslim states ask for immediate end to
Israel's military offensive Western
countries mostly voiced for moded
Solutions like humanitarian aid for
civilians Palestinian president mmud
abas expressed his viewed during his
opening speech at the
summit ladies and gentlemen we we will
not leave we will not leave we will not
leave and we will remain on our
land the meeting finished with leaders
and foreign ministers failing to reach a
joint statement despite the conflict
having lasted for two weeks resulting in
thousands of THS and pushing Gaza into a
humanitarian crisis ches adang
news