meanwhile demonstrations continue in
Israel Over government's push for
controversial judicial reforms thousands
of Israelis marched in Tel Aviv as the
country's Supreme Court is scheduled to
hear petitions against the law today
Israeli Supreme Courts will hear the
series of appeals asking the courts to
rule against the judicial changes
pursued by netanyahu's government the
demonstrators showed support for supreme
court on Wednesday that is ahead
oh
when you see seven seven and a half
percent of the population of a country
coming together and saying enough that's
exactly what we're doing tomorrow there
is a discussion at the Supreme Court and
we are here to say we stand with the
Supreme Court and at the same time we
say enough enough is enough we will not
let this government demolish our
democracy
appeal will be heard on an amendment to
a basic law called incapacity
the law can deem government officials as
incapable of performing their duties
then in September for the first time in
the Israeli history the entire F-15
judge Supreme Court bench will convene
during an appeal against another basic
law which was recently passed in the
kenneset it's the reasonableness Clause
of the judicial reforms that curbs
Supreme Court's power to rule a
government action as unreasonable
the judges will also hear a requests to
compel Israel's Justice minister to
convene the committee which selects
Israel's judges
while yet another appeal that sits in
the court seeks the removal from Office
of Israeli Prime Minister Nathan Yahoo
from Office the petitions cite a
conflict of interest as netanyahu's push
for judicial reforms comes when he is on
a trial for corruption charges himself
the critics say that with the reforms
Yahoo is looking to have his indictment
withdrawn however Netanyahu has denied
such allegations
ah there you go
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]