[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
well
fore
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
w
[Music]
[Music]
the best available current advice from
agencies and the Australian government
lawyers is that onra is not a terrorist
organization and that existing and
additional safeguards sufficiently
protect Australian taxpayer
funding Australia has been working with
a group of donor countries and with onra
on the shared objective of ensuring the
Integrity of onr's operations rebuilding
confidence and so importantly ensuring
Aid flows to garans in desperate
[Music]
need but is there a concern in the
administration at all that these remarks
are going to make it more difficult to
deal with prime minister Netanyahu and
his government no obviously Congress is
an independent branch of government I
think the Israel the government of
Israel understands quite well how the US
government works that they interact
frequently not just with members of the
executive branch uh but with members of
Congress including Senator Schumer who
has traveled to Israel a number of times
over the years and I'm sure they they
fully understand that he speaks for
himself he's obviously someone we're in
close contact with but uh it's not a
statement from the executive
branch
[Music]
[Music]
there is a suspicion out there that um
Senator Schumer
was putting out publicly what had been
being said privately no that is not that
is not the case those those are these
These are these are statements made by
Senator Schumer not by uh the uh Biden
Administration so there's no frustration
in the administration with the Prime
Minister Netanyahu and his government
look there are always there are a number
of things that we want to uh to see
Israel do differently we've made that
quite clear I've said it from this
Podium as you know a number of times and
we've made quite that quite clear in
direct conversations with the prime
[Music]
minister
[Music]
[Music]
ass
sub
for
[Music]