this footage from the Israeli military
is said to show the intensity of
fighting as Israel's troops push further
into Gaza
City but they say they're encountering
fierce resistance from Hamas militants
using Guerilla Warfare civilian
eyewitnesses tell Reuters that Israeli
tanks are sometimes driving over
buildings and Rubble rather than
roads similar videos like This One
released by Hamas as well as eyewitness
statements from other civilians suggest
the militants are using their network of
tunnels to emerge and disappear Reuters
cannot verify the exact location of the
videos from Israeli forces or Hamas or
the death toll in Gaza which the Hamas
run Health authorities say has now
passed 9,000 people it comes as United
Nations experts on Thursday called for a
humanitarian ceasefire saying that
Palestinian people in Gaza are quote at
grave risk of
genocide meanwhile in southern Gaza
where Israel ordered people to flee from
the north air strikes and artillery
shelling is making what is already a
hellscape that much worse with growing
health risks like raw sewage spreading
disease this young girl is saying she
has a headache and her stomach hurts her
mother is sick from drinking polluted
water Israel has blocked off all power
and fuel supply to Gaza and allowed in
only a trickle of food and medicine as
it presses its Siege it initially
severed all water supply after October
7th but says it's restored it in
southern areas however groundwater pumps
and desalination plants are offline
because there's no electricity people
are Scavenging for wood to make
campfires and cook food next to heaps of
garbage this woman is saying their
suffering is
Indescribable on Thursday Israel's
military said it was talking to Medical
agencies about setting up field
hospitals for civilians in southern Gaza
first for wounded and then Specialized
Care over a third of gaza's 35 hospitals
are no longer
functioning