it's been a day of drama today in Gaza
from where hostages have been released
for the first time uh 13 Israelis and 10
Tha Nationals and the Filipino have all
been freed through the uh Rafa Crossing
into Southern Egypt and then onto Israel
the captives look clearly exhausted the
children look bewildered uh there were
some emotional scenes and no doubt many
many more emotional scenes when they
finally reached their families in
hospitals in southern Israel this
evening
[Music]
[Music]
Karen Ohad Aden Hana Margalit yafa and
Hannah have returned home this evening
along with them 11 foreign Nationals
have also returned all of them have
undergone initial medical assessment at
the Karam Shalom crossing point and
there is no risk posed to their life
they are now in movement and soon they
will reach the Karim base where they
will contact their families complete the
medical examinations and from them they
will flown with Israeli Air Force
helicopters to the hospitals to meet
with their
families the picture on this side is
anything but a complete chaos it's ready
to five more Pig round off round of gas
now moving in withs but I can see just
beond those deats now two possibly three
coaches that may well be the being taken
across the security barrier and into the
West Bank move down the hill
now
we've seen children in pajamas being
carried in the darkness across the
border by by their mothers anguish
looking pensioners uh some of them
actually managing a weak smile in a wave
as they come through uh to safety after
49 days of Hell at the mercy of
Hamas
this is fantastic news a little glimmer
of hope of course let's remember that
even if the first 50 hostages are
released that leaves another 190 in the
Gaza Strip and we're going to bring all
of them back there will be no one left
behind but we're anxious now to see what
the state is of those children those
women and when they discover the
heartbreaking news of what happened to
their families on October 7th and the
whole family Embraces them with a huge
Embrace and and we'll be there for
them