now 100 days since the Hamas terror
attack and then the war tonight Hamas
releasing video of three of the hostages
still in captivity ABC's Matt Gman in
Israel after a 100 days of War tonight
Hamas releasing new videos showing these
three hostages ABC News not showing the
hostage videos themselves at the request
of the families Noah aramani Yosi
sharabi itai SPI just three of the more
than 100 hostages still held captive in
Gaza aramani and that look of Terror as
she was ripped from her boyfriend and
loaded onto this motorcycle became the
face of those taken from the Nova Music
Festival she pleads in this video don't
kill me over the weekend at Tel Aviv
thousands demanding the host's
return among them arani's mother
stricken with cancer begging to see her
daughter again before she
dies and in Israel today this ramming
attack outside Tel Aviv police say two
Palestinian men claiming to be enraged
by the destruction in God
carjacking vehicles and ramming them
into civilians a 79-year-old woman was
killed 17 others injured that vehicle
went slaloming through the streets here
ramming into pedestrians and other cars
causing massive damage here and of
course killing that woman you can see
the front end of this car is completely
destroyed here in Gaza this video
circulating online showing the
apocalyptic desperation thousands
swarming a trucks carrying flower to
Northern Gaza then shots ring out and
the hungry scatter un organizations
estimate that about a quarter of gaza's
population is experiencing catastrophic
hunger and expect malnutrition and
deaths to follow and David more than 100
days into this war Israel's defense
minister going on National Television
saying that it should be Palestinian
officials who govern Gaza when the
fighting is over not an Israeli
occupation David 100 days in Matt Gman
in Israel again tonight Matt thank you
hi everyone George Stephanopoulos here
thanks for checking out the ABC News
YouTube channel if you'd like to get
more videos show highlights and watch
live event coverage click on the right
over here to subscribe to our Channel
and don't forget to download the ABC
News app for breaking news alerts thanks
for
watching