student groups at Oxford University have
blamed Israel for the ongoing Middle
East conflict they are not alone in this
view 14 student groups at the University
of Oxford have issued a joint statement
saying that the Israeli settler Colonial
occupation and apath lies at the root of
the ongoing violence this perspective
isn't unique to Oxford in the United
States 33 student societies at Harvard
University have also released a similar
statement they pointed fingers at Israel
for the recent Hamas attack but it's
essential to note that these statements
do not criticize Hamas in any way these
statements stirred quite a controversy
Business Leaders in the US have demanded
to know the names of the students who
signed the Harvard state statement and
Harvard's president had to distance
herself from
it meanwhile Scotland's first Minister
Hamza YF has said his in-laws are in
Gaza his wife Nadia El nakla has spoken
about the terrible situation in Gaza at
a press conference in abedine every
person in Gaza is waiting to die every
person in Gaza is being Terror
terrorized and the Israeli defense
minister described us as human animals
she said her family is facing
unimaginable
difficulties her Palestinian father and
Scottish mother are stuck in Gaza with
dwindling
resources they initially went there to
visit family but now they are in dire
circumstances Nadia has described the
harsh conditions in Gaza people are
sleeping outside on football fields
while bombs are dropping around them ice
cream trucks are being used for
transport ing the deceased her brother
who walks in an emergency room says
hospitals are struggling because they
are running out of supplies she paints a
grim picture saying every person in Gaza
is waiting to die she's pleading for the
world to give the children of Gaza a
chance at life Hamza Yu himself talked
about the Israel Hammer conflict on the
BBC he said that the Israel is going too
far and and that the collective
punishment cannot be justified he
emphasized that many people in Gaza have
nothing to do with Hamas a Times online
report
Terror from breaking news detailed
analysis in-depth interviews and
explainers follow the times of India
subscribe to our YouTube channel don't
forget to like our videos and hit the
Bell icon to stay updated with the
latest