free
free free free as a veteran I think that
calling for an armest dis an armest this
weekend is absolutely appropriate and I
think that's what our grandfather's
generation uh fought for so it's
absolutely the right thing to be doing
and I don't see it as at all
disrespectful quite the opposite saw a
man today who was protesting um he
actually went to the sener half and he
was wearing his grandfather's medals and
he made the point that a lot of uh
British servman were killed by Zionist
terrorists in the 1940s and he was uh
threatened by far right protesters
at 11:00 on the 11th of the 11th I was
walking in silence to a peace march to
to where I could have be stand up and be
counted to say Stop The Killing and all
of those soldiers laying dead in their
tombs if you were to ask them is it
better to stay at home and sit on the
sofa and watch a few old men around the
CER half or is it better to be out here
being standing up and being countered
and saying cease
fire
will be well I was born in Israel and uh
I had uh propaganda given to me from a
baby it's kind of obvious that it's not
a safe place for Jews it's also the most
unsafe place for Jews in a way because
they've been told that they have to be
soldiers for the rest of their life
forever to be in a state of war and you
also create your own reality when you
say to everybody that they're surrounded
by enemies
then you will feel everyone's your enemy
and you will make them your
enemy I'm just here for Humanity there
are too many people being killed and to
be honest I also know that the Jewish
people are hurting but the problem with
the world right now is that they're a
little bit more white than the
Palestinians and they have the whole
world stage to um you know for people to
listen to
them