palese palese the voices of the many
echoed along London's Westminster Bridge
crowds of all ages nationalities and
faiths stood in solidarity with the
people of Palestine what brought me here
today is as a mother it's unnatural to
see let alone
experience uh seeing thousands of
children dead bodies of children and
that's what has you know compelled me to
come here today as well as the fact that
this has been going on for way too long
and it needs to stop now those in London
march to Parliament square a wash with
flags and placards Sydney is a Jewish
American living in London I think if
you're Jewish and you have any kind of
family history of of dealing with a
holocaust and a genocide I don't
understand how you can then repeat the
same genocide and and a different
Holocaust to to a different type of
people people just because they're
different from you it just it doesn't
make any sense Sam says people in Gaza
are being punished you can't even
imagine having your whole family
eviscerated you know having to being
told to evacuate South then being bombed
as you evacuate it's the most evil thing
I can possibly imagine for the third
Saturday in a row hundreds of thousands
have gathered across the UK to protest
Israel's attack on Gaza in London the
British people are not only calling for
a ceasefire but also demanding the
government end its involvement in what
they describe as a war crime
demonstrations like this grow larger and
larger every day and nowhere is that
more evident than in Europe in
attendance were British politicians from
across the political Spectrum 3,000
children killed in Gaza alone with
growing calls for government to
intervene in other European cities
demonstrators also made their voices
heard with more marches planned there is
growing momentum as the slaughter in
Gaza continues to resonate around the
world
Laino trt World
[Music]
London