I thank member states for the resolution
you have adopted you have achieved
something that so far member states have
not achieved in other fora the first
consensus resolution on the conflict in
Israel and the occupied Palestinian
territory since it began two months ago
the adoption of this resolution is only
a starting point I give you my
commitment that I and my colleagues will
implement the resolution to the best of
our ability but I reiterate that in the
current context sustained humanitarian
assistance at the scale needed is simply
not possible without a CIS fire there is
no peace and without peace there is no
health I urge all member states
especially those with the most influence
to work with urgency to bring an end to
this conflict I reiterate my call for
the release of the remaining Israeli
hostages who are being held in Gaza I
once again call for health care to be
protected proactively and I continue to
call for all parties to facilitate Rapid
Safe and unhindered access for
humanitarian Aid and humanitarian
workers one
day hopefully sooner than later the guns
will fall
silent and the bombs will stop falling
from the sky but the scars physical and
psychological will remain as always the
medicine that the people of Israel and
the occupied Palestinian territory need
the most is not one we can deliver in A
TRU or administer in a
syringe it's the most precious
medicine and often the most most rare
hope we are currently on a mission to Al
Arabi Hospital the mission is twofold
one is together the PCS to take out
critical patients back to a safe sport
in the South and the second one is what
you can hear to bring in the very much
needed wh Essential Medical Supplies
trauma supplies essential Med
medicines it's a Devastation Beyond
believe
[Music]
Thanos uh B
[Music]
mage
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
stay with the times of India for news
breaks analysis interviews and events we
bring you stories from your neighborhood
and from across the globe as well
subscribe to our YouTube channel hit the
like button and press the Bell icon so
you don't miss any of our
videos