as the Israel Hamas War marks its 200th
day Hamas has called for an escalation
of War on all fronts hamas's
spokesperson Abu ubeda from alassan
brigades made a public declaration to
escalate the war across the gazan strip
Israeli Defense Forces who have made a
comeback in Northern Gaza have warned
people to evacuate the area of bait
lahia IDF told gazans that bit lahia is
now officially combat zone IDF has
called on residents to evacuate and head
towards the shelters in the west and
south of the city lebanon's Iran bed
Hezbollah has launched its deepest
strike on Israel since October 7th last
year this comes after Israeli military
released a video saying that it killed
Hussein Ali AOL in the strike and
described him as a significant operative
in the Iran b as Ballers AO defense unit
State media says that the Israeli strike
took place about 40 km north of the
border with Israel Hezbollah has
confirmed that two of its key members
were killed by Israeli fire on the
negotiation front United States has
stated that Hamas has moved the gold
posts in ceasefire talks with
Israel Hamas moved the goalposts uh
there are demands that they have made
Israel has moved some way to meeting
those demands and Hamas has then changed
their demands and so it certainly does
seem like Hamas is more interested in a
fullscale regional war that they were
watching the events of the past few
weeks uh and making the determination
that um they might get the fullscale
regional War they were hoping for and so
have not agreed to uh a very significant
proposal that was on the
table families of Israeli hostages of
the bar kibuts gathered at the hostages
Square in Tel Aviv to attend us SED
there in support of those who are held
captive in
Gaza Israel also amped up its operations
in Gaza after prime minister Benjamin
netanyahu's warning that the IDF would
deliver painful blows to Hamas in the
coming weeks Israel bombarded Northern
Gaza and some of the heaviest shelling
in
weeks for all the latest news download
the weon app And subscribe to our
YouTube channel