i'm not surprised at all to see that
omicron has been confirmed here in
ontario i honestly expect that we're
going to be seeing omicron variants
everywhere around the world and
everywhere around our country and it's
representative of the fact that yes
we're always looking for new variants
but
that observation and that
process of looking for new variants it
takes time
and and that's also why i don't really
think any of these border shutdowns will
really benefit
the benefit that we would have seen is
if we had helped sending more vaccines
to sub-saharan africa which is exactly
where we're going to continue to see new
variants popping up variants develop in
individuals and in populations where the
virus is allowed to spread
and the virus right now is able to
spread in a rampant way in sub-saharan
africa because it is the
largest area in the world where a high
percentage of unvaccinated people are
and it's primarily because of lack of
vaccine access
so where countries that have a plethora
of vaccines like ours in canada and the
united states it would benefit us
worldwide much more
to have first and second doses in
sub-saharan africa
than third doses here the reality is
variants travel around the world quite
quickly because of the type of world we
live in there are flights all around the
world and when we started to
hear about travel restrictions for
southern african countries i
it begged the question were we also
going to start to impose travel
restrictions on israel or on the united
kingdom where cases had already been
seen
it's because the cats already have the
bag
and that's why travel restrictions like
we've seen in the past aren't as helpful
in fact they kind of penalize the
countries that report them first
unfortunately we should be sending doses
as many as we could possibly send to
sub-saharan africa and that's through
kovacs that's through additional
donations we are a wealthy country that
have so many vaccines