this is reflection for in y
[Music]
[Music]
Mr President today the Senate sends a
unified message to the entire world
America will always defend democracy in
its hour of need we tell our allies we
will stand with you we tell our
adversaries don't mess with us we tell
the world we will do everything to
defend democracy and our way of life in
a resounding bipartisan vote the
Relentless work of sixl long months has
paid off Congress is sending the
supplemental to President Biden's desk
getting this done was one of the
greatest achievements the Senate has
faced in years perhaps decades a lot of
people people inside and outside the
Congress wanted this package to fail but
today those in Congress who stand on the
side of democracy are winning the day
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
when Putin escalated his war against
Ukraine I told our colleagues that
allies and adversaries alike would pay
very close attention to America's
response when IR ran back terrorists
invaded the Jewish State on October 7th
to slaughter innocent Israel
I warned that the world would watch
closely for signs that American
leadership was actually weakening for
months our friends have watched to see
whether America still had the strength
that won the cold war or the resolve
that has underpinned peace and
prosperity literally for decades our
enemies have tested whether the arsenal
of democracy is in fact bu to
endure well tonight the Senate will send
a clear message
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I think it's a a good assumption to
expect that it'll include uh air defense
capabilities as well as artillery
ammunition um but uh we're going to
continue as we've done from the very
beginning to stay in close contact with
Ukraine with our International allies
and partners to ensure that we
understand what they need the most right
now uh to be able to to rush that to
them
[Music]
[Music]
for for
spe for
[Music]