Israeli strikes on Gaza haven't led up
in the two days following a un Security
Council resolution calling for a
ceasefire in the besieged strip in the
meantime Israel is rescheduling a
meeting with us officials after it
cancelled its plan to send a highlevel
delegation to Washington T has the
latest Israel's Air Force continued to
strike the Gaza Strip on Wednesday 2
days after the United Nations security
Council passed a resolution calling for
a ceasefire the Israeli military said
that war planes had hit dozens of
targets over the previous day including
tunnels military compounds and militants
while hamas's military wing also
continued to carry out attacks against
Israeli Soldiers the same day three
Palestinian human rights groups said
that the Israeli bombardment of Rafa
where hundreds of thousands of displaced
gazin are Sheltering had intensified
over the previous 72 hours Israel and
Hamas appear no closer to negotiating a
halt to the fighting with significant
gaps remaining between them the UN
resolution which was passed on Monday
called for a ceasefire for the remaining
weeks of Ramadan and the unconditional
release of all hostages held by Hamas
militants in Gaza the United States
abstained which allowed the resolution
to pass leading Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu to call off a planned
visit to Washington by senior level
Israeli Del delegation the White House
confirmed on Wednesday however that his
office had agreed to reschedule the
planned meeting between us and Israeli
officials to discuss operations in Rafa
meanwhile Israeli troops reportedly
surrounded both alal and the nearby
Naser hospitals last weekend amid
intense fighting in the west of K Yunis
the Palestinian red crescent Society
announced on Sunday that alal hospital
and Southern Gaza was out of service
after Israeli troops forced Medics and
patients to evacuate and expressed its
profound regret for the closure since
early last week Israeli forces have also
been raiding alifa hospital and what the
military has said is an effort to crack
down on Hamas humanitarian organizations
have expressed alarm over the situation
at the medical facility which along with
the surrounding area had been Sheltering
thousands of
people news