the US has paused funding to the UN
agency that is actually providing Aid to
the Palestinians after the stunning
allegation that 12 un workers took part
in the Hamas terror attack on October
7th here's ABC's Matt Gutman from Israel
again
tonight shocking new allegations tonight
against the un's largest Aid provider in
Gaza Israel submitting what it says is
evidence that 12 Aid workers took part
in hamas's October 7th Rampage the
United Nations relief Agency for
Palestinian refugees or unra immediately
firing those workers saying its
investigation could lead to criminal
charges tonight the state department
temporarily pausing funding to the
agency if the investigation proves that
in this case I think it's about a dozen
employees were assisting Hamas and even
to the point of maybe even you know
involved in hostage taking then
absolutely they need to be held to
account it comes after the international
court of justice in a sharp rebuke of
Israel's conduct of the war ordered it
to quote take all measures to prevent
genocide the inter rolling stop short
both of calling Israel's actions in Gaza
genocide or demanding an immediate
ceasefire and what does Israel say to
the allegations of war crimes war crimes
families being blown up in air strikes
now genocide problem is that Hamas is
doing everything he can to use the
population as a human shield and tonight
Hamas releasing chilling new video
showing three female Israeli hostages
pleading for their release the family's
asking we only use a still from the
video and David back to those un workers
accused of involvement in hamas's
October 7th attack the Biden
Administration is now calling for a full
and transparent investigation but they
say that the actions of a few should not
impune the entire agency David still
just extraordinary if true Matt Gutman
tonight hi everyone George
Stephanopoulos here thanks for checking
out the ABC News YouTube channel if
you'd like to get more videos show
highlights and watch live event coverage
click on the right over here to
subscribe to our Channel and don't
forget to download the ab news app for
breaking news alerts thanks for
watching