former US president Donald Trump has
again accused Israel of being a part of
the plan to kill Iran's top Commander
kasm
sumani back in early 2020 the head of
Iran's Elite KS force kasm solmani was
killed in a US drone strike in Iraq the
killing of solmani seemed like the
height of cooperation between us and
Israel but it actually became a major
point of tension between the Allies in
an interview to a New Media Outlet the
former American president Donald Trump
said and I quote when we took out
solmani you know Israel was supposed to
do it with us but two days before the
takeout they said we cannot do it Trump
father added that Israel was a part of
it he says Netanyahu was a big part of
it and we had everything planned Trump
had early reiterated the same according
to a 2021 report Trump Sayes that he had
expected Israel and Netanyahu will be
more active in the operation to kill
solmani
hinting that he will reveal the full
story in the
future moreover when Iran's top
Commander was killed Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu praised
Trump for the
strike just as Israel has the right of
self-defense the United States has
exactly the same right kasum Suman is
responsible for the death of American
citizens and many other innocent people
he was planning more such attacks
president Trump deserves all the credit
for acting swiftly forcefully decisively
Israel stands with the United States in
his just struggle for peace security and
self-defense in January this year a du
Islamic State suicide bombing killed 95
people and wounded dozens of others were
attending a commemoration for solmani in
the Iranian city of
kman in addition to that the former US
president Donald Trump asserted that
attacks by Iranian militias on US forces
that killed three troops in
Jordan would have never happened if he
was in power Trump says the actions
taken under his administration led to
Iran to inform Washington before any
attack to avoid major
escalations we is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the
move