it's a drop in the ocean for the
humanitarian needs of Gaza but a welcome
sight nonetheless pallets of Aid and
food are being loaded up Bound for a
second ship it'll be larger than this
one the first ship which is now on the
move and should reach the Gaza Coast in
two or three days the goal is to space
these trips out so that gazans aren't
overwhelmed with incoming Aid aren't
fighting each other for it and so that
it can be distributed evenly but in
parts of hunis it doesn't feel like any
Aid will make a difference right now
Israeli troops have withdrawn here and
returning residents walk bewildered
through an apocalyptic nightmare the
debris of what was once a guari funed
residential complex called
hammad they said that Israel withdrew
from the city today I ran to get food
and water for my children my husband is
not here he was taken by the Army
unfortunately I found a whole Tower gun
and on fire as you can see
the human Devastation continues mourners
held funeral prayers outside al- AXA
Hospital in central Gaza on Wednesday
for 16 people killed in Israeli air
strikes the day before the victims
included 10 people from the same
family and in the occupied West Bank
Palestinians gathered in the Janine
refugee camp to mourn two people killed
during an Israeli raid the Israeli
military says it opened fire on the
Palestinians trying to plant roadside
bombs one of the witnesses says the
shooting came from a government Hospital
building we were planning to buy food
for fasting a car passed near us and
then a sniper started shooting at us
from the building we did not know that
there was a sniper in the building as he
opened fire on us from right and left
while I was trying to escape through the
glass door he shot at me and I was
injured also and one of America's top
diplomats Samantha power says she
directly fronted Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu in Israel a couple
weeks ago telling him that if he were to
move ahead with a planned ground assault
on Rafa that could undermine Plans by
the us to construct a pier for
humanitarian Aid off the Gaza Coast Andy
rosum trt world