CTV's Vanessa Lee is on this story for
us from London Vanessa first what do we
know about this crash what are you
learning Marcia what we know is that the
plane crashed just minutes after takeoff
slamming into farmland just outside of
Tehran we know that 63 Canadians are
among those killed along with 82
Iranians and 11 Ukrainians now with
regards to the Canadians killed we know
that a number of them were from Edmonton
we spoke to a member of Edmonton's
Iranian community who says that they are
absolutely devastated among the dead our
two young girls a newlywed couple
several university professors and
graduate and undergraduate students so
so many young Canadians who had such a
bright future ahead of them the
community is just beside themselves with
grief I'm told that the community is
coming together to help the families
affected and however they can with
funeral arrangements and upcoming
memorials now we did hear from Canada's
foreign affairs minister Francois
Philippe champaing he has tweeted that
his hearts are with the loved ones of
the victims and he has been in touch
with the government of Ukraine and he
promises to keep Canadians
updated on any developments Marcia okay
Vanessa and just one note to our viewers
once we have the identities of those
Canadian victims confirmed
we will share those identities we will
let people know who died in the crash
now Vanessa what about Iranian officials
what are they saying about the airline
and about what happened well at this
point very little is known about the
cause iranian and ukrainian officials
suspect a mechanical issue but again
nothing is conclusive at this point the
planes black boxes have been recovered
but we know that it's going to take some
time before we have any definitive
answers and so right now it's it's a
very grim a very complex recovery effort
there are kilometers of debris scattered
across
well it's kilometers of debris and and
if you can imagine just how difficult
that is for these workers who who are
coming across people's possessions there
are teddy bears there there was a
toothbrush with a cartoon on it so so
many families so many Canadian families
in mourning today Marcia okay Vanessa
Lee for us from London Vanessa thank you
for that we'll stay in touch