gideon sar israel's justice minister has
said that the coalition government may
be on its last legs referring to the
most diverse coalition government in
israel's history he said he cannot be
blind to the possibility that this
experiment has run its course however he
is still insisting that his party will
not sit in a new coalition with former
prime minister benjamin netanyahu our
correspondent jody cohen sent this
report take a look
this is alpha menasha an israeli
community over the green line in the
disputed territories
if sars bill doesn't pass by the end of
june then residents here could be among
the 450 000 israelis or settlers as they
are known who are no longer able to
access services like state healthcare
renewal of driving licences or even
police assistance
a day after the government failed to
pass legislation that would have renewed
the application of israeli law to
citizens living over the green line
gideon tsar who is overseeing the bill
vowed to try and pass the legislation a
second time as early as next week
suggesting that this is a do or die
moment for the coalition government he
said that he believes the coalition can
pass the legislation and recover
however there has been speculation that
sar and his new hope party might
possibly join in an alternate government
with netanyahu's likud party tsar has
denied these suggestions
if sars legislation isn't renewed it
would be a very serious blow to the
coalition government while a survey has
shown that 35 of the israeli public
wants the coalition to continue
one-third favors fresh elections and 25
support former pn netanyahu forming a
government based on the previous
election results which would avoid
another vote for now the poll suggests
that netanyahu could pull together 60
seats just one short of a majority so
it's a stalemate with the current
coalition and could be a repeat of a
stalemate under a liquid-led government
all eyes will be on sars bill next week
this is jody cohen for we on world is
one
we are now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move