asan is pushing for myanmar's leadership
to find a nonviolent resolution to its
crisis Indonesian defense minister prao
subianto says that the regional block
will not interfere in the internal
problems of any one country speaking at
an asan defense ministers meeting taking
place in Jakarta he also urged Global
powers to use their influence to call
for an immediate ceas fire in Gaza cna's
Johnny vatani with this
report speaking to reporters after the
meeting Indonesian defense minister
pranto said that they encouraged the
government of Myanmar to seek a
nonviolent solution toward their own
people Mr praboo also said that there
was an aan consensus regarding Myanmar
which they still hoped the Myanmar
government could
implement
on Gaza he reiterated that he as a
chairman and as a representative from
Indonesia together with several
countries had expressed concern and
called for an immediate ceasefire he
added that all civil infrastructure and
installations must be protected and not
targeted the defense ministers also
agreed that efforts to speed up the code
of conduct for the South China Sea
should be encouraged to avoid possible
misunderstandings incidents and tensions
Mr praboo told the media that several
areas of cooperation had been agreed
upon at the meeting such as Maritime
security counterterrorism humanitarian
Aid disaster management peacekeeping
operations military medicine action to
overcome mines and cyber security among
others according to the minister England
France the European Union had asked to
participate in the meetings and the
decision is under discussion Indonesia
he said supported their addition given
the global geopolitical developments the
defense minister of Thor Lee was also
accepted as an observer towards becoming
a full member at the end of the meeting
leadership of the admm was handed over
by Indonesia toao Chan vatani CNA
Jakarta