Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu said on Wednesday that quote
we will make our own decisions and the
state of Israel will do everything
necessary to defend itself after coming
under attack by a volley of Iranian
missiles and drones last weekend Western
countries pleading for restraint have
dispatched their top diplomats to
Jerusalem
and German foreign minister analina
barbach said Berlin stood in full
solidarity with Israel but warned the
region must not quote step by step slide
into a situation with a totally
unpredictable outcome it's right to be
in here in Israel today to show
solidarity after that appalling attack
by Iran UK foreign secretary David
Cameron said he expected an Israeli
response to Iran hoping it would be
limited it's clear the Israelis are
making a decision to act we hope they do
so in a way that does as little to
escalate this as possible and in a way
that as I said yesterday is is smart as
well as tough the Iranian attack on
Saturday included cruise missiles
ballistic missiles and explosive
drones they were mostly shot down by
Israel and its allies and caused no
deaths Iran said the bombardment was
retaliation for a presumed Israeli
strike that killed senior Iranian
military figures in a diplomatic
compound in Damascus earlier in
April following the attack Iran's
foreign minister warned Israel against
reprisals saying quote it will
definitely face a decisive and harsh
response Washington says it is planning
to impose new sanctions targeting Iran's
missile and drone programs in coming
days and expects its allies will follow
suit EU leaders are due to discuss
sanctions at a summit in Brussels and
sanctions are also on the agenda at G7
talks in Italy