Dr L I know you've touched upon this but
Israel has been getting a lot of support
from the US President Joe Biden has
wowed in in strongest words possible to
support you in every way how do you see
this we also saw the meeting of Anthony
blinkin with both Israeli and
Palestinian leaders does this also mean
that the US can influence the military
action by Israel particularly with
regard to ground incursions which can
worsen humanitarian crisis so I think
that uh uh first uh uh Israel cannot
thank enough the way the United States
of America is standing uh bi us um
President Biden of course is leading the
effort but as you say secretary blinkin
was in Israel and secretary Austin was
in Israel when both Secretary of State
and Secretary of Defense come to Israel
to show support and to say clearly to
all of the adversaries we stand with
Israel by the way blinkin said something
that was very important he said Israel
can defend itself right we will make
sure that Israel can defend itself
that's that's the kind of partnership
strategic partnership that Israel has
with the United States and we're
thankful for it as for influence
from what I'm getting from my friends
back home the Americans are not trying
to influence what we're doing we're
getting full support to what we're doing
they understand I think as well that
Hamas cannot continue to rule Gaza
that's a joint objective um uh and I
expect this uh uh to continue we're
getting a lot of support from them this
is very very important at this difficult
uh times and not only from the Americans
we're getting support from European
countries we're getting support from
your country and we're thankful for that
as well but this is a fight Israel needs
to fight and Israel needs to win