the streets of KH yunice lie deserted as
Israeli troops run through debris and
wreckage amid sounds of gunfire this
video released by Israel's Army shows
soldiers raiding through buildings like
this one which they claim as a Hamas
Battalion Outpost Israel has widened its
air and ground offensive in southern
Gaza specifically targeting Han yunas
the childhood home of two key Hamas
leaders and theun area we've broken
through the defensive lines the
terrorists are now emerging from the
underground and are fighting against our
forces in face to- face combat our
forces are winning and have
the hunus had been a designated safe
zone of the strip where tens of
thousands of displaced Palestinians were
Sheltering but the available safe areas
are rapidly shrinking the city is now at
the heart of intensified Israeli bombing
as troops tanks and bulldozers battle
Palestinian militants the dead and
wounded poured into the local Hospital
following an Israeli air strike on
Wednesday suddenly while we were sitting
a bombing happened in our area all these
people are already displaced people the
fighting has forced already displaced
civilians to flee again Palestinians
have crammed into even smaller areas
like Rafa by the Egyptian border but the
UN humanitarian office warns that a lack
of tents has left many sleeping rough
others have gone to more desolate areas
on gaza's Mediterranean Coast like the
village of Al Moi but face a severe
shortage of shelter and food there
according to the UN for the past 3 days
relief workers have only been able to
distribute supplies around Rafa but they
remain limited to flour and water access
to the rest of the strip has been cut
off by violence the world food program
warns of an upcoming catastrophic crisis