as they stage their protest there's
disbelief at what has
happened Israelis are still trying to
process this new
tragedy but there's also a deep vein of
anger here at the government they say
the hostages are being left in Mortal
danger people have come from all over
Israel to take part in this time is
running out rally now we're hearing
people shout out occasionally make a
deal now and the message to the
government is a simple one they want the
negotiations to release the hostages to
be prioritized over any military
objectives it has been 70 days since
they were taken and outside the IDF
headquarters families demanded the
Government Act quickly the Israeli
government needs to be active they need
to put an offer on the table including
prisoners with blood on their
hands and put the best offer on the
table to get the hostages back
alive
alive we don't want them back in backs
nothing about no one so no one the
relatives of those still being held
captive feel trapped in a slow motion
nightmare yeah Moses 79-year-old father
kidnapped from K near oz so it's 70 days
10 weeks exactly 10 weeks this morning
it was 10 weeks full 10 weeks that we
don't know anything about him so this is
what we're shouting for a long time now
that the the Army activities are
important but they're not the way to
release them and they make them in
danger and this is what we have realized
the soldier are po are poor they would
doing whatever they can they're doing
the best but it's not a soldier decision
it's a government decision that need to
be changed and new detail s are emerging
of how the three hostages were
accidentally killed an early IDF
investigation has found the men were
waving a white flag when the soldiers
opened fire in Northern
Gaza it broke my heart broke the entire
nation's heart and our hearts go to the
families at this tough hour at this
difficult time it's important for me to
also send support to our Warriors they
sacrificed their souls to achieve a
crushing VI over our enemies and to
return are
abducted the trauma of October the 7th
remains a source of constant pain here
in hostage Square they'll continue to
hold vigils in the dark days
ahead and sing the nation's songs until
all those still held captive in Gaza are
brought back home Alex Rossy Sky News
Tel Aviv la