as Israel continues its Relentless
attacks on the Gaza Strip its main
backer the United States seems to have
changed its tone since the beginning of
the war Washington is still funding the
offensive and blocking calls for a
ceasefire at the UN but on Tuesday
President Joe Biden warned Israel that
it was losing international support due
to its quote indiscriminate bombing of
The Enclave in earlier remarks at a
Haner event the president alluded to
disagreements with the Israeli leader he
has a picture on his desk of he and I
when he was a young member of the
Israeli uh um service here uh Foreign
Service and uh I was a 32-year-old
Senator and I wrote on the top of BB I
love you but I don't agree with the damn
thing you had to
say it's about the same today Biden also
renewed calls for a two-state solution
and said Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu needed to replace his Hardline
government that opposes such a move
Netanyahu meanwhile conceded that he and
Biden were in different Minds about what
would happen to Gaza after the
war I will not allow Israel to repeat
the mistake of Oslo after the great
sacrifice of our civilians and our
soldiers I will not allow the entry into
Gaza of those who educate for terrorism
support terrorism and finance terrorism
Gaza will be neither Haman nor
fatan on Tuesday Israel continued air
strikes in the south of the Gaza Strip
like here in Han yunes residents
complained there was no prior warning or
calls to evacuate Rafa near the Egyptian
border was also hit according to Gaza
Health officials bombing in the area
killed at least two dozen
people the ones who died are just women
and children they do not have missile
launching capabilities and are not
associated with any resistance this is
Raa that they claimed is safe there is
no safety here everyone is mocking
us meanwhile Israeli forces continued
their ground offensive in the strip the
IDF said the bodies of two Israeli
hostages were recovered on Tuesday and
two soldiers died in the operation to
retrieve them