in downtown ramala crowds took to the
streets on Sunday in solidarity with the
people of Gaza chanting slogans against
Israel and the
US the occupied West Bank is simmering
as the Israeli military offensive on
Gaza persists there is consensus here
that the International Community has
once again failed Palestinians and the
US position in particular is
unhelpful official American and European
position is a scandalous position a
position that does not take into account
the Justice of the Palestinian cause and
is blatantly biased towards Israel
Biden's remarks that he stands with
Israel and the US will always have its
back sparked outrage among Palestinians
they see the American position as
completely complicit with the
Israeli policy of conducting war crimes
on the Palestinian people they see that
it is supporting Netanyahu
unconditionally uh and they also see
that the American Administration
unfortunately is buying lots of
fabricated news and fabricated
information the US has dispatched two
aircraft carrier strike groups to the
Eastern Mediterranean near Israel it
says they are here to deter Iran or
hisbah from joining the conflict
Palestinians insist that they are the
victims and the world should look at the
escalation of attacks by Israel they
point to the support of Ukraine by
Americans and
Europeans a shameful and disgraceful
position for all the American people and
this is a double standard our people are
being slaughtered and no one is doing
anything they speak falsely about
Humanity baruti says President Biden's
position is politically motivated and he
is looking after his political career I
think one explanation of the American
position is that Biden is like Netanyahu
is thinking about himself only and his
own political interest and he is
thinking about
re-elections and he wants to get the
support of the Israeli Lobby
Palestinians here in ramala say the US
has lost all credibility and they
shouldn't get to play any role in
mediation or any future negotiations
between Palestine and Israel Muhammad
Alim trt world ramala the occupied West
[Music]
Bank