and away from that israel has slammed
russian foreign minister sergey lavrov
for suggesting that adolf hitler had
jewish origins israel slumped his
comments calling them anti-semitic and
dangerous lavrov made the comment during
an interview with italy's retre4 channel
the question posed to him was simple why
would russia need to nazify ukraine
especially when its president is jewish
lavrov's answer is what caused all this
controversy
israel has called this comment
unforgivable and scandalous
somehow
the russian ambassador for a so-called
tough talk
it is an unforgivable scandalous
statement as you said and also of course
a terrible historical mistake and we
expect an apology
prime minister yay lapid called it a
terrible historical mistake talking
about his grandfather who was killed in
the holocaust
look the jews didn't kill themselves in
the holocaust my grandfather wasn't
killed by the jews my grandfather was
killed by the nazis
to say that hitler was of jewish origin
is like saying jews kill themselves in
the holocaust and as stated it is an
unforgivable statement
the russian embassy is yet to comment on
the statement israel has expressed
repeated support for ukraine during the
war but it has been wary of straining
relations with russia a country that is
the power broker in neighboring syria
tel aviv initially avoided direct
criticism of moscow and has not enforced
formal sanctions on russian oligarchs
but last month lapid accused russia of
committing war crimes in ukraine israel
also agreed to supply helmets and vests
to ukrainian rescue services signaling a
shift in its position on providing such
equipment
our correspondent jody kohan gets you
more on this story from
israel
only a few days after israel's holocaust
memorial day the russian foreign
minister's remarks have been called out
by his israeli counterparty lapid he
said that blaming jews for anti-semitism
is the lowest form of racism against
jews and has demanded an apology this is
jodie cohen for we on world is one
we on is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move