the foreign Ministers of the Palestinian
Authority Saudi Arabia Egypt and
Indonesia and the Secretary General of
the organization of Islamic cooperation
gathered in Moscow Tuesday with Russian
foreign minister Sergey lavro to call
for a ceas fire in the Gaza Strip in
what they said should be a first step
toward a lasting peace lavro summed up
the kremlin's
goals stop hostilities resolve
humanitarian issues and release host
the Kremlin has historically supported
the creation of a Palestinian State as a
solution to the conflict between
Israelis and Palestinians and observers
say the current war between Israel and
Hamas gives Moscow an opportunity to
assert its influence on the world stage
Russian President Vladimir Putin seized
the moment to blame the United States
for the current
crisis all these events in fact are a
direct consequence of the United States
design to monopolize mediation functions
in the Palestinian Israeli settlement
and its blocking of the activities of
the Middle East quartet of international
mediators us officials did not
immediately respond to Putin's remarks
which referred to a group of four
entities the US Russia the United
Nations and the European Union helping
to mediate Middle East peace
negotiations political analyst Arc
dubnov says that Putin wants to appear
before the International Community as a
decisive actor capable of helping to
resolve the Israel Hamas war and that
was what motivated Moscow to host this
meeting I cannot have high expectations
of this meeting on the contrary I
believe it is sort of a box ticking
event meant to show that Moscow is
trying to be a player in settling this
matter and be among those who determine
the future of
Gaza
through meetings like this one Russia
hopes to portray itself as a guarantor
of Peace in the Middle East a position
that analysts say is debatable
considering its fullscale invasion of
Ukraine an action the International
Community condemns as an act of
aggression for the vaa Moscow Bureau
Elizabeth cherf vaa
news