you you what's your opinion on India's
India's response or statement on the
current situation Sean Diplomat I served
in many many places before and seen
conflict before and I saw the responses
we received in other countries it's the
first time I've seen a positive reaction
on this scale to the Indian people that
support Israel thank you from the bottom
of our hearts it is uplifting we
receiving thousands thousands of
requests daily to assist to donate to to
script into the Israeli army people want
to help and it is heartwarming to an
extent you cannot believe we see the
kinship we understand why you suffer
terrorism we suffer terrorism you have
neighbors that want to destroy you we
have neighbors that want to destroy us
and so that connection is so clear but
at the end of the day I did not expect
this heartwarming response from so many
people we're talking about heads of
companies we're talking about
politicians especially your prime
minister already on 4:44 on the first
day on Saturday he put out a response
unequivocal it was damning Kamas it
understood the scope of the atrocities
we thank Prime Minister Modi for that
but we also thank every single Indian
person that supported us so
far is there any specific help that
you're looking from the Indian
leadership well I have to say that we
are strategic allies and we know how to
converse with your leadership and if we
need something we know how to that
message but what I would say is I think
it's high time that a teror organization
such as Hamas would be recognized as a
terror organization here as well it is
worse than dases and Das is recognized
it is worse than Al-Qaeda and Al-Qaeda
is recognized I think uh the the the BJP
government understands this and we hope
to see this uh passed as soon as
possible because truly this organization
should not be allowed to exist and
definitely should not be allowed to uh
work abroad to be be able to raise funds
to be able to Garner support or you know
in reality just to exist it should not
it should be afraid that the activists
should be looking around their shoulder
at all times that's what terrorists
should feel that's how the the countries
should respond and make them feel and so
we are talking to our good friends in
government here and we hope to to see a
listing of
Kamas