three children and a grandmother have
been killed after an Israeli strike
targeted a civilian car in southern
Lebanon the mother is severely injured
lebanon's foreign minister says the
country will submit a complaint to the
UN over the killing of civilians the
Israeli Army claims it hit a vehicle
quote identified as a suspected
transport for
terrorists hasbalah says it Fighters
fired Rockets into Israel in response an
Israeli civilian was killed in the
northern israeli's town of kirona
Zena cordos in Beirut for us is there
any risk that we might be seeing some
sort of escalation
Zena well in many ways both sides
Hezbollah and the Israeli military are
still treading carefully you you
mentioned the statement by the Israeli
Army saying that they believe that they
were acting upon intelligence that that
car was carrying what they are calling
terrorists but they did Kill three
children incl including their
grandmother Hezbollah which on Friday
the Secretary General Hassan nah
promised that any civilian killed in
Lebanon will be responded with an an
attack in Israel killing a civilian so
he established if you like that equation
and what Hezbollah did was fire a
barrage of rockets that targeted the
Israeli town of Kat isona but both sides
really understand the repercussions or
the consequences of expanding the
conflict in southern Lebanon Nella made
clear that all options are on the table
on the Northern front the Israelis keep
on saying that we do not want want war
but we will be ready for war now Nala is
expected to give his second speech since
this conflict began on Saturday we're
going to hear more on more whether or
not this trajectory if you like the
course of this conflict is going to
change uh when we hear his speech on
Saturday Zena thank you very much indeed
sakar in beut