a deadly ending to a deadly attack the
aftermath of three Palestinians opening
fire on Israeli police officers the
attack has somehow managed to get a
submachine gun a handgun and a knife
through heavy security inside the old
city walls after firing their weapons
they were chased and killed by officers
at the moment the area of the Temple
Mount and the area of the old city is
closed off as police units are located
in and around the area we're looking in
to see where the terrorists came in from
[Music]
the area is known to Muslims as hirama
Sharif or noble sanctuary the contested
site is revered by followers of both
judaism and islam it also sits on the
fault line of the israeli-palestinian
conflict
Israel has occupied East Jerusalem for
50 years for Palestinians see it as the
capital of the independent state they
are demanding Israeli police are in
charge of security inside the old city
authorities say they have taken the rare
move of closing the area to search for
weapons it's something that hasn't been
done in decades and it's anger at the
head of the al-aqsa mosque we must enter
the mosque for Friday prayers al-aqsa
mosque is our most it is an Islamic
mosque and it is not permissible to
prevent us from entering the mosque and
praying in our mosque in response Muslim
worshippers prayed in side streets
nearby shortly afterwards the mosque
smoothly was apprehended by police
there's been a wave of deadly violence
around East Jerusalem since October 2015
so far at least 258 Palestinians and 4 D
as Raley's have died the attacks have
predominantly been carried out by
Palestinians on Friday Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas held
a rare phone call about what happened
both leaders reportedly called for a
reduction in tensions over with fear
mantich trt world's
[Music]
you