well indeed we're here near the town of
ver that are just a couple of kilometers
away from the Gaza board if you look
behind me over my right hand shoulder
you should be able to see an enormous
pole of smoke hanging over Gaza itself
that the result of ongoing and
continuing Israeli bombardments they
haven't let up over the course of uh the
last week now over my other shoulder you
should just be able to make out uh one
of the many many checkpoints that have
been set up around the region uh roads
around Gaza leading towards the uh the
territory have all been sealed off to
unauthorized Vehicles that's a matter of
safety because there is still a danger
of both infiltrators and Rocket attacks
as we arrived here uh we saw people
running for cover trying to to avoid one
of these Hamas rocket strikes that
regularly coming under rocket fire you
might just be able to make out one of
the shelters I can see about four from
where I'm standing now uh because you
have just 10 seconds to make it into
cover now driving down towards the South
on Friday morning what we can what we've
noticed is a definite ramp up of massive
military activity we've seen convoys of
trucks carrying murk tanks headed
towards the territory we've seen
military vehicles on pretty much every
road that we've been on encampments of
of troops that have been set up and
indeed uh not far from where we are dug
in uh uh self-propelled artillery
positions which were regularly
continuing to fire in the direction of
Gaza there was also a helicopter
overhead that has been regularly
sweeping uh the area uh circling and
doing figures of eights overhead uh very
likely it's been looking for Hamas
infiltrators now despite is the the
Israeli military saying they've been
combing the area looking uh looking for
such infiltrators trying to keep the
area secure it's extremely difficult to
to find them because they're still come
managing to to come over the Border uh
and into Israeli territory trying to
keep up their fight through these
tunnels that uh that Israel is is
finding remarkably difficult to find
that was France 24 is Luke SHO