now a humanitarian crisis is brewing in
Gaza over 2 million of its residents are
exposed to Relentless Israeli bombing
that has continued for over 2 weeks now
more than 4,300 people have been killed
in Gaza so far and most of them not
associated with Hamas militant group
that led an unprecedented attack on
Israel on 7th of October killing, 14400
people and taking over 200 hostages
Israel is now executing a total Siege
hundreds of thousands to force Hamas
release the hostages and to prepare for
a ground Invasion but the civilians in
Gaza are paying the price of the war
without food water and fuel families in
Gaza are forced to Russian resources
hygiene products have disappeared from
supermarkets clean water is
scarce and with Israel ordering and
evacuation of Northern Gaza thousands
are moving into the already
overpopulated South the displaced people
are are now sleeping in Gs in mosques
out in the open the price of clean water
has more than doubled in Gaza following
the war now a fresh threat is looming
large on gazin Oxfam and United Nations
agencies have warned that the collapse
of water and sanitation services will
soon spark bouts of colera and other
deadly infectious diseases if urgent
humanitarian Aid is not delivered most
of gaza's 65 sewage pumping stations and
all five of its wastewater treatment
facilities have been forced to stop
operations desalination PL plants have
stopped working and municipalities are
unable to pump water to residential
areas because of the par shortage some
people in Gaza are relying on the salty
tap water from the enclave's only
aquifer which is contaminated with
sewage and sea waterer or have resorted
to just drinking sea water others are
being forced to drink from from Farm
Wells so fears are growing that
dehydration and waterbone diseases will
lead to a greater humanitarian
catastrophe that too at a time when four
of when four out of 34 hospitals in Gaza
are no longer oper operational others
are overwhelmed with injured patients
and families in need of shelter agencies
say more humanitarian Aid need to flow
into Gaza
urgently
[Music]