I'm asking all members International
societies and red Crest and wh and um
low societies
International uh to pressure on
israelian government to stop these um
procedures uh against the civilians uh
and to stop the attack to stop the war
stop the bombing against our civilians
people please uh keep people living in
peace israelian
forces one called me and asked me to
evacuate the hospital Evacuate the
patients and evacuate everything within
two hours which is impossible I told
that I'm refusing this because I cannot
uh distribute our patients con most most
of them modate cases but others serious
cases and needs more care and Medical
Care closed observation in the hospital
we losing uh a humans because we have
lack of facilities and medications and
equipments and the forces israelian
forces they are bombing the people uh
civilians people children's women's uh
this is a true actual true and we are
receiving most of
injured patients injured patients in our
Hospital from uh Childs and women's and
Elder we start to receive the injured
from all over uh the the the Northern
Area in Gaza Strip and we received about
550 uh first 5 days and the number
increasing and increasing till now reach
575 in injured patient and the the the
the kind of injuries is different this
this War uh we observed a lot of
patients they came to to emergency
department with bad odor and completely
burn and multiple sharp nails all over
all over the body the body and we have
we we we have a lot of injured patient
with gunshot or sharp nails in the head
and this is the most serious case
uh so we received and we haven't in our
Hospital uh uh Department of
neurosurgery so these patients need to
be treated in the Advanced Medical
Center and we refer this patient after
stabilization uh the the situation in
general in sector Gaza really very bad
the health system uh suffering from uh a
huge shortage of medications and
supplements and consumables and fuel uh
this is the the largest problem no way
uh to keep and maintaining the
activities and uh providing services in
the hospitals without fuels because we
haven't electricity since 7
Days thanks for watching stay updated
about breaking news and top stories on
the NBC News app or follow us on social
media