among the countless tragedies in Gaza
there is little left to surprise but for
Zaya Al shagi reburying her husband
after he was said to be found in a mass
grave is something she never imagined
she'd have to do watched on by her now
fatherless daughter as hard as it is to
believe this family are one of the lucky
ones God wanted me to bury him with his
family my daughter wanted to visit his
grave the scene was difficult but this
might bring us some relief he will be
buried with his sisters and his
friends hundreds of bodies have been
reportedly found at Nasa Hospital in KH
yunice few are able to be
identified the Israeli Army pulled out
of the area just weeks ago as
Palestinians have returned they have
Unearthed a horror matched only by the
scale of death that continues to so in
this tiny Enclave every
day footage filmed on a phone appears to
show what's said to be an Israeli Army
attack on the brave refugee camp in
central Gaza video from the Palestinian
red cresant shows what it claims is
Israeli shelling of KH Yunis on Saturday
internationally questions about Israel's
conduct in this war continue to grow and
so too do questions at home the head of
Israel's Military Intelligence Aaron
haliva announced early Monday he was
resigning over his role in the October
7th attacks 6 months after more than
1200 people were killed in that Hamas
assault near Gaza the government has yet
to announce a formal inves instigation
into security failures many ultimately
blame prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
for not protecting the country a growing
number also believe he hasn't done
enough to secure the release of more
than a 100 hostages captured in the
attack as Israel celebrated the start of
Passover families of the hostages
gathered in Tel Aviv in
protest Grassroots opposition to
Netanyahu may be growing but so too is
criticism from inside his own government
spats with senior members of his cabinet
are threatening to undermine the
stability of his National Unity
Coalition at a crucial time and with
external diplomatic pressure also
ratcheting up many are beginning to
wonder how long this government can
continue and how long it can continue
its war on Gaza join trt World in Tel
Aviv
[Music]