they're becoming more frequent apparent
Israeli strikes on Iranian and Iranian
link Targets in
Syria the latest what are believed to be
weapons depos in the northern province
of Aleppo a few dozen people were killed
among them Syrian military personnel and
members of the Lebanese armed group
Hezbollah uh Israel is basically trying
to establish uh itself as the the party
that has the her hand in this conflict
and I think Israeli politicians do
understand that Iran hasah and the Assad
regime are not interested in a military
fight Israel has for years said it won't
allow Iran and its allies whose
influence in Syria has grown to entrench
themselves in the country militarily in
recent months its targeted commanders
and members of Iran's revolutionary
guards no longer just focusing on
weapons storage sites and convoys
carrying arms among Israel's stated
goals is preventing Syria being used as
a Transit point for weapons to reach
Hezbollah and the occupied Palestinian
territories there is what has been
described as a shadow war between Israel
and Iran in Syria for years now and in
recent months since Hezbollah opened a
front line against Israeli forces to
help Palestinians in Gaza is Israel
appears to be employing the same
strategy against Hezbollah Iran's Ally
in
Lebanon here in Lebanon targeted
killings by Apparent Israeli drone
strikes are increasing more often than
not members of Hezbollah and at times
field commanders are killed many here
see a strategy of Israel diminishing its
enemy operational capabilities Hezbollah
for its part raised the costs of the
conflict for Israel by forcing it to
empty much of its north of many of its
people it has yet to escalate to the
level of full-scale conflict but warned
it is ready if Israel expands the
war the events of uh the last few days
have been wider than what we've seen in
quite some time so I expect only further
escalation unfortunately we're in a
regional situation where the prospects
of deescalation are are are are quite
Limited and while much of the world's
focus is on the war on Gaza the violence
between Israel and Hezbollah is
beginning to intensify Zen Al jazer
Beirut and Zena joined me a short while
ago with an update on that attack in
southern
Lebanon make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer