at the Nova Festival site in southern
Israel the families of Israeli hostages
have begun a long march towards
Jerusalem the Marchers hope that the
remaining 134 hostages are brought back
home soon and their hopes have been
raised by talks of a ceasefire now this
Festival site near the Gaza border is
where hundreds of Israelis were killed
and hundreds more were dragged away into
Gaza in October last
year 145 endless days and nights of
yearning for our loved ones would send
them strength and ask them to hold a
little longer om just a little longer a
deal is
possible starting today we will March
for 4 days under the message United for
the release of
hostages we call on the public on our
families on our friends to join us on
this March of Hope from Gaza to to
Jerusalem since us Egyptian and K
mediators met in Paris last weekend the
Israeli press has been talking of a deal
to pause the fighting but no document
yet has outlined the latest proposals
speculation only increased after US
President Joe Biden said that an
agreement might be in place as early as
Monday next week according to a Us
official the Biden Administration is
also considering airdropping aid from US
military planes into Gaza as land
deliveries become increasingly difficult
this comes after a UN agency said that
humanitarian organizations are being
systematically denied access to Gaza and
that Aid convoys have frequently come
under Fire meanwhile the plight of gazin
continues to mount about 20 bodies were
brought to a hospital in gaza's there Al
Bala after Israeli air strikes hit
refugee camps in the central Gaza region
on the same day Israel also struck
Hezbollah Targets in southern Lebanon
the Israeli military released a video
showing the strikes on Targets in towns
close to the Israeli border this came
after Hamas said it launched two missile
salvos from Southern Lebanon into
Northern Israel and that's not all here
amid soaring tensions Syria's defense
Ministry said that it has that Israel
carried out strikes near Damascus and
the ministry added that its air defenses
responded to the missiles and shot down
most of
them earlier this week an Israeli strike
in Syria near the Lebanese border had
killed two Hezbollah
[Music]
members