I missed you I missed you too baby every
day every moment of every day I was so
happy to be back with you I was really
worried about you from what my daughter
said she was worried that something
would happen to the dog if she left her
behind so what she did was she put her
under her pajamas jacket uh when they
got into the vehicle and they were
driven out of the
kots um and then they took them
into tunnels and they went through the
tunnels into Gaza and uh she had the dog
with her the whole time and then when
they came out of the tunnel they had to
climb up a ladder that's when Kamas
people noticed that this was not a doll
it was a living breathing
dog and a bit of an argument ensued um
and it was decided to let her keep the
dog instead of leave it behind luckily
for me Bella is unlike all the other
small dogs that I personally know she is
rather quiet unless when she's playing
her mad and so they didn't notice her
they fed
her remainders of their food and they
made sure that uh she did her
business uh in in a certain segregated
part of of the house as for my
experience I didn't get to see it on
live TV because I was on the way to the
hospital to meet them and I was with uh
a friend cuz I don't drive and in the
middle of the drive my friend got a
phone call from a friend of hers who was
watching on TV keeping an eye keeping an
eye open for us and she said you're not
going to believe this Mia came out
holding the
[Applause]
dog physically I feel fine I was also
checked in the hospital that I arrived
and I am completely fine mentally well
it was quite the the journey and it was
a hard experience currently I feel well
not okay but I don't feel you know
traumatized I don't feel like I can't
sleep but um it is a hard experience it
would take quite a while to like sink in
she was very determined to bring the dog
back and one of the Expressions that she
has now is about the dog is
that uh I love you to Gaza and back