father with ties to our area is pleading
for the safe return of his son last seen
in Israel CBS 2's Lisa Rosner spoke with
him and others in the city doing what
they can to help Israelis
overseas you're not alone an entire
country is mobilized to
try however we can to get you home and
just like we love you your wife your
daughters your daughter to be are
waiting for you and so do what you have
to do to get home a heartbreaking
message from a former parkow Brooklyn
resident to his son he says 35-year-old
sui Deen has been missing since the war
in Israel began Saturday morning Hebrew
University Professor Jonathan Deen says
his son also an Israeli American citizen
previously spent time living in
Connecticut he says the state department
is in touch zi has a beautiful wife and
to she's seven months pregnant and they
have two little gorgeous girls and age
three and six at around six in the
morning on Saturday Sagi was one of the
first people they that were awake he
immediately set off the alarm at kibuts
near Oz He says sagu's family survived
in the family's bomb shelter but
believes he was kidnapped on behalf of
those who who can't fight captives um to
do everything I and many others can to
get them home safely or at the very
least get some sort of indication from
Hamas about if they're alive and in one
and in what condition are they fellow
Israeli Americans in New York City are
showing support for him and others the
last couple of days have been extremely
dark but we are here to bring the life
Ben simonov a baker known as Ben Gigi
with Bread's Bakery is baking these
heart-shaped HDs Friday kala is a symbol
of unity to express solidarity and
support for those impacted all proceeds
are being donated to menen David adome
Israel's National Emergency Medical and
Blood Services organization Lisa Rosner
CBS 2 News fundraising dinners are also
being held with full proceeds over the
weekend you can find more information at
CBS new york.com