moving on now Israel's National planning
and bindle Building Council approves the
advanced plans for more than 3,500 new
homes and settlements in the occupied
West Bank and this approval came as a
response to a West Bank attack that
happened nearly 2 weeks ago during the
attack at least one Israeli was killed
and over 11 injured about 70% of the
homes will be built in the madum east of
Jerusalem with the rest in nearby Kar
and aath south of Bethlehem uh now
higher planning committee of the Civil
Administration it approved the advanced
plans for the development with over 2400
at least 698 andat and 330 in Kar sorry
the first one is Mal adum this is the
first time since June that the
development of housing units in the West
Bank have advanced however the
Palestinian Authority has condemned them
Israel has built about 160 settlements
housing some 700,000 Jews since it
occupied the West Bank and East
Jerusalem in the 196 7 Middle East War
the vast majority of the International
Community considers the settlements
illegal under international law although
Israel disputes it the Israeli Prime
Minister Benin nany's far right
government it has promoted the
settlements causing friction with one of
the country's key allies and that's the
United States who's also T's biggest
backer in this ongoing war with Hamas in
February US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin had said Washington deemed West
Bank settlements incon consistent with
international law reverting to a US
position that had been overturned by the
administration of former president
Donald Trump blink statement came after
us sanctioned four Israeli settlers in
the start of February then apart from
America France to announce sanctions
against 28 Israeli settlers whom it
accused of committing human rights
abuses against Palestinian
civilians the United Kingdom also joined
the list and announced sanctions on four
Israeli settlers 2023 was an exception
in terms of promoting construction plans
in the West Bank over 12,000 housing
units were approved or advanced in the
planning phase last year peace now
that's an Israeli non-governmental
organization estimates that this is the
highest number since the signing of the
Oslo
airs for latest news download the Von
app And subscribe to our YouTube channel