this is Naser Hospital in the Gaza South
the hospital that has been witnessing an
influx of nonstop injuries and deaths
ever since the groud operation has
started and has been in the past also
witnessing a very large influx of
injuries and dead people also this Naser
hospital as you can see in the
background has been
witnessing thousands of Palestinians
coming to this area for the sake of
seeking safety trying to feel safe they
are already idps and they have been
witnessing the very critical situation
in the
area unfortunately according to the
words of the spokesperson of the
Ministry of Health the health system at
large is already collapsed and the
supplies that are coming from different
parts and from different parties
including the international Committee of
the Red Cross and the Ona and the
different un agencies is not sufficient
to accommodate the increasing need to
the health care in this hospital and in
many hospitals in the Gaza
Strip some demands were made some calls
were made to the International Community
to intervene to provide a Lifeline for
those who are struggling for their life
and as I can you can hear now just now a
heavy bombardment taking place not far
away from the hospital that is expected
to bring more injuries to the hospital
more killing to the people and more
Devastation to the infrastructures and
to the homes so the situation continues
to aggravate and even with the collapse
of the health system system things are
getting worse with a very limited suppli
allowed on and with a very limited Aid
coming to the people that thousands of
them are as you can see walking in the
different areas of Naser Hospital hoping
that th that this would make them
safe