on Monday prime minister Benyamin
Netanyahu promised to inflict more pain
on
Palestinians I promise you dear Israeli
citizens by the end of this campaign all
of our enemies will know that it was a
grave mistake to attack Israel what we
will do to our enemies in the coming
days will reverberate with them for
Generations earlier our correspondent in
Jerusalem Iris mockler shared more on
what Netanyahu said about Israel's
response extremely strong words I would
say partly um as a reaction to the fact
that there's more than 900 Israelis dead
most of them civilians uh I've Just Seen
figures that they're taking the bodies
out of one kibot 108 civilians killed
there on a Saturday morning that's more
than 10% of the population of the place
uh and I think the shock of that is part
of what what prompts these words perhaps
also a recognition that there must have
been some Israeli failing for these
numbers to be so large and that while
that may be an intelligence failing or a
military failing it's also a political
failing so Benjamin netan who now has to
pursue this course because he's the one
who's been the Prime Minister uh he's
Israel's longest serving prime minister
he was in charge for the past 12 years
with a gap of one year he's back in
charge uh you know there'll be questions
at his door when all this is over as
well and I think that's why he comes out
in this way uh but also it's a reaction
to to the absolute I I don't have a word
for how shocked for how stunned and for
how horrified Israelis are as the
numbers keep climbing up and and you
know those numbers keep climbing up only
because it's the wounded um from that
day it's it's a one day total of
civilians killed in Israel there's 900
Plus with most of the people who are on
the severely wounded list not
anticipated to survive so that number
could still climb