President Biden says the hostage release
is only a start an expressed hope that
the truce will be extended and the
Americans being held will soon be
released the president praised us
diplomacy in achieving the temporary
halt in fighting but faced Pro
Palestinian demonstrators while
attending a Christmas tree lighting
ceremony in Nantucket Mr Biden is
spending the holiday weekend on the
island with family CBS News senior White
House correspondent Ouija Jang is
traveling with the president Ouija good
morning Dana good morning to you and
good morning to everybody the Biden
Family actually attends that tree
lighting ceremony here in Nantucket
every year but this year organizers had
to pause the event to ask those
protesters to stop shouting President
Biden focused his attention on that
hostage deal that he played a direct
role in brokering saying that he expects
dozens more hostages to return to their
families in the coming
days this morning there are up to 10
Americans who are still unaccounted for
President Biden said not all of their
conditions are known but they could be
among the hostages we don't know what
the list of all the hostages are and
when they'll be released but we know the
numbers they're going to be released so
is my hope and expectation will be soon
us officials are carefully tracking
three Americans who could be released in
the next few days two women and
four-year-old Abigail whose parents were
killed by Hamas the president expressed
optimism for their return after some two
dozen hostages were released today can't
come without going with B President
Biden spent the day with his family in
Nantucket but he has received several
briefings from his National Security
team which has been working the phones
and shuttling between Israel and Qatar
to negotiate a hostage deal today has
been a product a lot of hard work and
weeks of personal engagement I along
with my team have worked around the
clock to secure their
release President Biden says he expects
to get the names of the hostages who
will be released in the second wave very
soon of course Hamas plays a critical
role in carrying out any agreement and
the President says he does not trust
toas to do anything right but he does
trust the group will act under pressure
Brooke okay WEA thanks a lot of people
obviously waiting to see what names
those are