for
this is an unprecedented attack by the
Islamic Republic of Iran on the state of
Israel uh multiple thresholds have been
crossed here that have not been crossed
before uh and um I think it is correct
to say that uh uh we're going to be
looking at a new Middle East uh in the
future so if you ask me to characterize
or qualify generally speaking what we're
seeing now I'd say this of the range of
options available to the supreme leader
in Iran this is among the most
aggressive that I would have predicted
we're seeing as we speak is Iran the
world's worst state sponsor of terrorism
directly attacking Israel our closest
and most reliable Ally in the Middle
East and I think now is TR truly the
time for the United States to stand with
Israel to help protect it and to make
Iran regret this attack Israel is going
to f a need here to respond as well
because this is such a um a red line
that has been crossed since this is a
new threshold Israel just cannot accept
a status quo where anytime Iran is not
happy with something that they conduct a
major attack on Israel itself
we all want to avoid a regional War um
but the question is how do you best
achieve it and and and my point is that
if our adversaries are left with the
impression that avoiding war is the most
important thing for us than you're
simply inviting aggression the world is
watching I'd say Beijing is watching and
and Putin's watching America talks a big
game about Israel now is where we see if
we put our money where our mouth is and
if we do that we're serving our American
interests in the Middle East we're
helping our Ally Israel and we're
sending a message to Beijing and Moscow
that we stand by baguer democracies when
win Attack