there are some far-right leaders like
the national security minister Ben G who
is threatening essentially to bring down
the Israeli government if he believes
that deal to release hostages and a
temporary ceasefire is too lenient on
Hamas or uh demands the release of quote
unquote thousands of jailed Palestinians
or requires Israel to end the war um but
having said that uh Netanyahu is very
unlikely to agree to a deal that will
end this war in the immediate future um
it appears that the mediators United
States uh cter Egypt it appears they are
trying to get both sides to agree here
to phase one of a phased deal a three
three-prong deal uh and it seems that
they're trying to get both sides to
agree to that before we really before
they've agreed to the details of phase
two and three three so in the first
phase we would see uh and these are
things that both sides have generally
agreed to we would see uh the women
civilian women the elderly and the
injured hostages be released by Hamas uh
in exchange for it looks like about a
six week ceasefire uh as well as Israel
releasing prisoners Palestinian
prisoners with blood on their hands that
is Palestinians convicted of deadly
attack against Israelis but also at a
3:1 rate so perhaps about 125 to 145 uh
depending on how many uh Israeli
hostages are released uh and that would
still fall within the range of
netanyahu's uh most recent comments uh
last night
today that he will not agree to release
quote unquote thousands of prisoners and
that Israel will not leave the Gaza
Strip that phase one will require Israel
to redeploy some of its troops and move
to certain lines uh within the Gaza
Strip which we saw during the first
hostage deal release but certainly will
not require Israel to leave the Gaza
Strip uh the real gaps still remain on
the larger picture here for Gaza both
when this war will end Hamas wants it to
end as soon as possible Israel does not
and who will govern the Gaza Strip