we just felt helpless we wanted to do
something that is going to be more than
just sharing or re-sharing or post we
knew that the only way we could do that
was to shift where the money goes and
that's why we came up with this idea of
[Music]
use it you would we have you can save it
um as if it's an app and we're going to
click on dis occupied so we wanted to
look up look up skinny pop skinny pop
this is popcorn here it's a caution
we've spent hundreds and hundreds of
hours now just researching companies the
difference between what we're doing and
what you're what you've seen out there
is we're following the private Equity
money The Venture Capital money the
money that's not seen that ends up going
into APAC that's the money that we're
following we're going to look this up
Myer Mrs Myers's clean day is okay to
buy see do not buy 24 Alternatives and
the reason why the message we want to
send is obviously have a Ramadan kareim
and take a look at your spending habit
we pay our zakat and and at the same
time might be supporting a company that
is completely complicit to the Gen
organiz Zionist organizations are
spending a lot of money in funding
Israeli settlements a lot of that money
is private Equity money these this is
this is wealth that's generated here
from products that we buy uh so we're
exposing those products so the ranking
system it goes from do not buy to
caution okay to buy and there are three
uh four levels of okay to buy we don't
just say yes or no to if something if we
can't get a product it'll tell you why
it'll give you the reason the sources
and beyond that the Alternatives yeah
the community that we have now the
volunteers the people that have helped
us build this they come from you know
all religions all faiths all all age
groups you know we have Jewish people
Muslims Christians people that just
believe in Justice and they are against
the occupation of
Palestine