[Music]
he called it a long and overdue step I
have determined that it is time to
officially recognize
Jerusalem as the capital of Israel
while previous presidents have made this
a major campaign promise they failed to
deliver today I am delivering Donald
Trump says his decision will advance the
Middle East peace process
I've judged this course of action to be
in the best interests of the United
States of America and the pursuit of
peace between Israel and the
Palestinians
the historic announcement has overturned
years of official US policy it has been
met with international condemnation even
among US allies Israeli sovereignty over
Jerusalem has never been recognized
internationally
Palestinians want East Jerusalem as
their future capital it was annexed by
Israel during the 1967 war the future of
Jerusalem was to be agreed to by both
Palestinians and Israelis as part of a
two-state solution in a statement made
shortly after Trump's announcement the
UN secretary-general said there should
be no unilateral decision on Jerusalem
Jerusalem is a final status issue
that must be resolved through direct
negotiations between the two parties on
the basis of the relevant Security
Council and General Assembly resolutions
taking into account the legitimate
concerns both the Palestinian and
Israeli sides the US State Department is
warning American embassies worldwide to
heighten security State Department
officials are concerned Trump's
announcement could provoke fury and a
violent reaction internationally Trump
may have delivered on a u.s.
presidential campaign promise but his
decision has potential repercussions
that will be seen much further than
Jerusalem Frank UCR dou TR T world
Washington
[Music]
you