to Indian prime minister's telephonic
conversation with uae's President Indian
Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke with
the president of the UAE the two leaders
exchang views on the situation in West
Asia they have shared their concerns
over terrorism violence and loss of
Civilian lives especially in the ongoing
uh Gaza Hamas War the leaders have
discussed ways to further strengthen
comprehensive strategic partnership the
two leaders have also called for early
resolution of the security and
humanitarian situation in Gaza continues
to stay with me abishek if you look at
India and the UAE both countries enjoy
good diplomatic relations when it comes
to the west and the Middle East as well
can India and UAE make a difference to
the existing
Dynamics well the the humanitarian
crisis on the Gaza is something that the
two sides have expressed their concern
about while at the same time they have
been uh strongly supporting Israel's
stance and it's you know we counter
offensive against the ter attack that
that happened on the 7th of October so
in that context we have seen Prime
Minister Modi also talking to prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu he has also
talked to Egyptian president and other
neighboring leaders also in the recent
weeks so clearly uh there is Indian
stake in that region and peace and
sustainable piece is something that
India also look forward to and these
talks that Prime Minister Modi is having
with the regional leaders is in a way in
that direction only where India can
contribute or India can at least
understand the overall ground realities
and how can it contribute to an lasting
peace in that region many thanks to you
abishek ja for bringing in all those
latest inputs