this is where patients come in order to
get MRI Services more accurately it's
where they came now alifa hospital is
effectively a Battleground Israeli
troops stormed the facility for the
second time on Thursday looking for
proof that alifa is really Hamas HQ and
if you follow me behind the MRI machine
I'll show you what our troops exposed
just minutes
ago in military terms this is a grab bag
grab and go of a Hamas combatant and if
you zoom in and we get some light over
here what you will be able to see are is
military equipment the Providence and
location of this war paraphernalia are
impossible to verify Hamas and Hospital
administrators deny Israel's
assertions evidence presented so far to
support Israel's claims seems
underwhelming this footage of damaged
and abandoned Wards was filmed by
doctors before the raids eight agents
IES estimate Elsewhere on the complex
are around 2,000
civilians the who said a military
incursion at a hospital is
indefensible even if health facilities
are used for military
purposes the
principles of Distinction
precaution and proportionality always
apply the safety of patient and staff as
well as the Integrity of the healthare
systems in The Wider Community are of
Paramount
concern International humanitarian law
must be
respected it was a sentiment shared by
protesters in Washington DC on Wednesday
night capito police attempted to drag
these women away from the entrance of
the Democrat National Committee
headquarters later all US House
buildings were locked down as of
Wednesday night US President Joe Biden
was still ATT in Israel I don't know
this you have a circumstance where the
first war crime is being committed by
Hamas by having their headquarters their
military hidden under a hospital and
that's a fact that's what's happened any
at all that's disputed and international
law obligations are
non-reciprocal one war crime isn't a
defense for another clar hadot trt world