the UN Secretary General urged the world
to take a step back and avoid any
military
provocation and we have a shared
responsibility to actively engage all
parties concerned to prevent further
escalation Iran's Ambassador said his
country does not seek war and only took
action after the UN failed to do so
regretably the security Council has
failed in its duty to Main maintain
International Peace and security Russia
proposed a press statement to denounce
this atra atrocious act which was backed
by China Algeria and many members but
was blocked by the US UK and
France faced with such circumstances the
Islamic Republic of Iran had no choice
but to exercise its inherent right to
self-defense under international law
Israel said the fact Iran itself struck
Israel and didn't use proxies marks a
new phase in Regional tensions following
such a massive and direct attack on
Israel the entire world let alone Israel
cannot settle for in action we will
defend our future as for the US and
Russia they have differing views on who
started this and who's to blame the US
pointed the finger directly at Tan in
the coming days
and in consultation with other member
states the United States will explore
additional measures to hold Iran
accountable here at the United
Nations more immediately the security
Council must unequivocally condemn
Iran's aggressive actions and call for
Iran and its partners and proxies to
cease their
attacks Russia reminded the council that
the US France and UK all failed to
condemn Israel's attack on the Iranian
consulate Syria a blatant violation of
international law but now want to
condemn Iran for its
response today in the security Council
we're witnessing a display of hypocrisy
and double standards which is almost
embarrassing to watch after the meeting
concluded malta's Ambassador said the
security council's Focus needs to return
to Gaza and a ceasefire release of
captives and unhindered Aid Gabriel
aando Al jaer at United nations in New
York make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz