Israel conducted an air strike at a
refuge camp in Gaza killing dozens of
Palestinian civilians in the meantime
though Hamas says it will release some
foreign hostages in the coming days are
e has the
latest an Israeli strike on a refugee
camp in jabalia in Gaza on Tuesday has
killed dozens and injured hundreds more
the Israeli military says the air strike
was part of a successful operation to to
kill hamas's top Commander Ibrahim
barari however the militant group denied
that one of its leaders was at the camp
and has instead accused Israel of a
heinous crime against safe civilians
children and women initial reports from
gaza's Health Ministry says at least 50
people were killed in the strike
meanwhile according to the general
Authority for Crossings and borders in
Gaza Egypt is set to receive 81 gazin
who have been severely wounded via the
Rafa border crossing according to the
AFP citing an Egyptian medical official
Medical Teams in Egypt will be at the
Rafa Crossing to examine the cases
coming from Gaza and determine the
hospitals they will be sent to gaza's
health Ministry says more than 8,500
Palestinians have been killed since the
armed conflict began on October 7th
Hamas says it will release some foreign
hostages in the coming days but did not
elaborate further a spokesman for
hamas's armed Wing Kasam Gates said
Tuesday that they have informed
intermediaries that they will be
releasing the foreign hostages soon more
than 230 people including Israeli
soldiers civilians and foreigners from
several countries are being held by the
militant group and amid the fierce
attacks by Israel the spokesperson also
warned that Hamas would turn Gaza into a
graveyard and a quagmire for Israeli
forces EJ adid news