now we've got the silence here at 11:
and then you'll be heading to Hyde Park
to be part of the pro Palestinian
demonstration why is it important for
you to be there as well yes it's been
termed a pro Palestinian demonstration I
think it's a pro peace demonstration
we're all there are no sides in this um
my United Nations medal is inscribed in
the service of peace and that is what we
were all about old Soldiers on Armistice
Day calling for Armistice and there
can't be anything wrong with that I
mentioned there's been a lot of debate
about the policing about the politics of
this all has that been a bit of a
distraction do you think sometimes
there's too much politics we have
elections and votes ahead of us but
that's by the by these moments of
Stillness these moments of silence is to
allow us individ
me to put things back together just for
a little while and you talk about you
individually but as the Prime Minister
said this is a very important day in
terms of unity for the country and a
sacred day he put it yes to realize that
we are answerable for what we do and
what we say for our past as well as our
present as well as our future so much
was got wrong in the past in past
conflicts in past Warfare so much is
going wrong today it's up to us and we
owe it to those who went before that we
do better we will hear red in Flanders
Field the Popp is grow everybody
remembers the first verse very few
people remember the last verse it's a
challenge from the dead to the living to
you from failing hands we throw the talk
be yours to hold it high if you break
Faith with us who die we shallan sleep
though poppies grow in Flanders Field
and so we're carrying the torch we're
answering the call we are trying to do
better