well this breaking news is pertaining to
the War uh Zone only India's operation
AJ continues the third flight which had
197 Indian percenters and has landed in
New Delhi New Minister uh Union Minister
kosel Kishore received them at the Delhi
airport now this is the third flight
carrying Indian Nationals from Israel
under operation a which has arrived in
national capital here this morning now
calling operation AJ a very good
initiative the Indian Nationals were
recently evacuated from Israel thanking
the Indian government they have landed
at the national capital chanting bat mat
k j upon arriving at the Delhi airport
earlier today this morning the evacuees
were received by Union Minister kosel
Kishore it's very impressive and
actually I can say Indian government
doing very well for us yeah really we
are very much thankful to our government
of India uh really uh we are very scared
there although you are very safe but
thanks to government of India for this
initiative we are thankful it's very
very great initiative because uh
especially the children were traumatic
when there is siren goes on and in this
situation it was a very great effort
especially from the ministry of external
Affairs and we are very thankful to our
honorable Minister Dr s j Shanker to
setting this effort and also we are very
thankful for all the staff who managed
so many people contacted them and bring
them to the
[Music]
airport
man
well the operation a was launched by
prime minister Narendra Modi to bring
back around 18,000 Indians in Israel
well the second flight for today has
already departed uh from Tel Aviv
carrying 274 passengers remember this is
the third flight that has landed in
Delhi today uh but the fourth flight has
already taken off from Tel Aviv uh
airport carrying more than 274
passengers