[Music]
you
[Music]
can
onul
today in the sixth month Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu stands up to
say that if we do not go to Rafa we have
lost the War I tell him that even if you
go to Rafa you have lost the war because
after 6 months of fighting after 5
months of
fighting was I able to provide a victory
scene and a victory image from all the
goals it announced all the goals he
announced did not achieve a single
goal
[Music]
[Music]
for
[Music]
who believes that US President Joe Biden
cannot stop the war on Gaza who I do not
believe in the world that Biden cannot
stop the war on Gaza now with the stroke
of a pen stopping ammunition missiles
and Rockets for Israel the war will stop
you will have no shells to bombard on
Gaza or Lebanon with a stroke of a pen
with a stroke of a pen Biden can go to
the security Council to veto it he does
not put a veto or vote an international
decision the whole world will stand up
to Israel and force it to stop the war
this story of dropping food items is
laughing at the world Biden in fact not
only American hypocrisy but this is also
American stupidity this Administration
is stupid stupid
stupid years ago
found thank
you Israel will do everything that
[Music]
can
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
years
[Music]
ago will do everything you
[Music]
can
[Music]
in the Democratic party those who wrote
to Biden that he is not committed to his
election they are very influential now
at this stage this is the most important
pressure point today on the Biden
Administration he is not afraid of the
world of the International Community of
God of History or of anything Biden now
is afraid of one thing that his policy
and performance in Gaza will lead to his
fall in the presidential elections
therefore he plans hypocrite and playing
not
[Music]
serious
[Music]