Israel could be considering to allow the
Palestinian Authority which currently
governs West Bank to rule Gaza after the
war an idea that Israel's strongest Ally
us has been pushing and Israel's
acceptance has been indicated by
Israel's National Security advisor prime
minister Benjamin Nathan yahu so far had
been categorically rejecting this
suggestion but his nsa's words could be
seen as the latest sign that Biden
administration's pressure could be
affecting Israeli Prime Minister's
decision in an opinion piece written
foreign Arabic language news site
Israel's NSA wrote an I quot beyond
ensuring the security of our citizens
which we will not compromise on Israel
has no interest in controlling civil
Affairs in Gaza and there will need to
be a moderate Palestinian governing body
that enjoys broad support and legitimacy
he added Israel is ready to make an
effort in this regard now Nathan yahu
has repeatedly rejected that postwar
Gaza should be run by the Palestinian
Authority in fact he says that it
represents as much of a security threat
to Israel as Hamas but henik Bay has
indicated that a Palestinian Authority
that undertakes fundamental reforms
might be acceptable to Israel and in his
write up he mentioned reforms that
include a focus on duty to raise the
Young Generation without incitement to
violence against Israel Biden
Administration officials are pressing
the Palestinian Authority to undertake
major reforms so that it can govern Gaza
after war and these include dismissal of
its aging leadership setting a timetable
for elections and overhauling its
security Force Palestinian officials and
Arab governments are insisting that a
lasting ceasefire is necessary in Gaza
before they agree to any discussion on
post-war Arrangements now while hanik B
wrote the opinion a senior Israeli
official has said that his words are
misunderstood and this as for reports in
Israeli me media speaking of record the
official denied that Israel is
considering Palestinian Authority's rule
in Gaza and also said that Israel is
interested in reaching a new hostage
release agreement first but that there
are no active negotiations at
present