good morning from Jerusalem on day 33 of
the war here in Israel a day that has
seen significant developments overnight
Israeli Defense Forces have continued
their bombardment of Gaza City from Air
Land and Sea in another significant move
they've also cornered the Hamas leader
Yaya sinoa the man The Mastermind behind
the October the 7th Massacre he's been
held up in his bunker ever since but the
Israeli troops have cornered him and
they are preparing their final assault
in the coming days the fight in is going
to be extraordinarily intense it's going
to go from Street to Street as Israeli
troops inch further into hamas's
stronghold they're faced with a huge
dilemma in so far as the Hamas Fighters
are hidden below deck below ground in a
311 mile complex of Terror tunnels from
there they will launch ambushes
casualties will almost certainly be high
as the developments continue at a pace
it's an extraordinarily fluid situation
but Israel faces a moral
dilemma there are 242 hostages being
kept captive within that stronghold in
Gaza City the public here in Israel want
them home desperately and the IDF feel
that responsibility keenly and are doing
everything they possibly can to locate
the Israelis that are currently being
held
hostage
the next few hours the next few days
will be fraud for the families of those
waiting for news back here in Israel and
whilst they wait Hamas continues its
rocket attacks on Israel so far this
month during the the length of the
conflict 9,000 Rockets have been fired
towards Israel from Hamas Fighters all
of them have been shot down by Israel's
state-of-the-art Iron Dome which has
protected hundreds of thousands and
prevented even more
casualties