to say that free speech for Palestine is
in danger in in in in in Europe is an
understatement it's curtailed it's it's
policed it's surveil it's monitored it's
it's shut down it's clamped down it's
culminated in something that we've
described as a state sponsor harassment
and intimidation of pro Palestine
activism activists are increasingly
facing a Crackdown of a prop palan
advocacy in Europe several countries
such as France the UK Switzerland
Germany Austria and Hungary attempted to
ban several demonstrations since October
7 Amnesty International Human Rights
Watch and cage say thousands of
protesters have been arrested across the
continent and that several organizations
were shut down we witness an
unprecedented uh assault on the right
for people to express solidarity and
support for Palestine governments in
Europe are using all sorts of creative
mechanisms and techniques and laws to to
ban these sorts of protests under the
pretext that these are pro terrorists or
they are glorifying acts of Terror or
that these uh represent some sort of
communal risk in two months the state of
Berlin banned the cfia scarf in public
schools and forbid displaying free
Palestine stickers in the UK the former
interior Minister threatened to outl
Palestinian flags and several chance in
public saying it could constitute a
criminal offense America um has certain
Free Speech protection in sh in its
Constitution that don't exist in much of
European countries which enables
American Muslims in particular and
American Pro palestin activists to be a
bit more Freer in how they describe uh
what's going on in in in Palestine only
a few countries and regions such as
Scotland Ireland Belgium and Spain have
taken a different approach demanding an
immediate ceasefire in Israel war on
bich Gaza it's a very worrying picture
when you look at it from that particular
angle however it's also very warming to
see that whilst the repression is is is
intense the solidarity and the
resistance to this repression is also
robust and is also quite powerful and
well organized and it's clearly not
working because every single week on the
streets of Western capitals people are
pouring out to sing out free Palestine
to say from the river to the see
Palestine will be free