right now I'm sitting with the family
members of Ronnie she was part of
israelian Defense Force guarding
frontiers of the country it was on
fateful Saturday when Hamas terrorist
intruded into this side of the Border
after that they resorted to Massacre
barbarism brutality many of people were
killed they sned out their lives and
some of them were taken as hostage and
she's also one among them right now I
have got a family member with
me
how you came to know about this incident
where were you at the point of time when
she was taken hostage the last holiday
to celebrate the Jewish New Year it's a
happy day we walk up to a nightmare we
walk up to not understanding what we're
seeing and what we're hearing on
television the first thing each and
everyone of us did from the family is to
call shaon shaon is Ron's mother to ask
asked her did you speak to lonie is she
okay and she said yeah she called me
she's okay few hours later I was um
asking shaan again uh did you hear from
Ronnie and she said she texted me at
9:27 a.m. this is what she sent
me Mom I'm okay don't worry about me I
love you with three hearts shaan her
mother wrote her
back I love you take care of yourself
and this was the last time we ever heard
from Ronnie Ronnie is a soldier at IDF a
lookout at the border inside Israeli
territory let's make this very very
clear
and
H hasn't been answering the phone since
927 and haven't been connected then we
hear in the news
that these Mercers have attacked the
base have attacked few other bases have
locked people inar AA and B and the rest
of the Kim there this is Israeli
territory it's it's not on the border
it's not it it's getting there's we
heard that they steal people from their
bed people I mean 9 months babies and 86
years old woman in in hundreds of them
then we hear what's happening in the
party at the at the at the Rave at the
festival
I was supposed to be there a cousin of
ours was there she ran away
before and we're trying to get
information and there's chaos and nobody
knows what's happening and I'm calling
shaon again in the evening at 7:30 p.m.
I'm saying what's happening and she said
I don't know we need to find her and
this is when we stopped everything else
and the only thing
that I lived for beside of my kids was
to find something about
20