as the Israel Hamas War continues here
are all the updates you need to
know fighting raged on between Hamas
militants and Israeli forces in parts of
North Gaza and Israeli air strikes kill
dozens of Palestinians in the enclaved
center Witnesses said as a report of a
tentative hostage release deal was
denied an international media Outlet
reported that Israel and Hamas had
reached a tentative us brokered
agreement to free dozens of women and
children held hostage in Gaza in
exchange for a 5-day pause in their War
citing people familiar with the matter
it said the hostage release could begin
within the next several days barring
last minute hitches but both Israel's
prime minister and US officials said no
agreement had been hammered out yet with
a White House spokesperson saying
efforts were continuing to clinch a
deal
gaza's Health Ministry says 30 premature
babies have been evacuated from shifa
hospital and will be transferred to
hospitals in Egypt midhat Abbas a
spokesman for the ministry said they
were evacuated from the hospital on
Sunday a World Health Organization team
that visited shifa Hospital on Saturday
said 32 babies were among scores of
critically ill patients stranded at the
hospital where Israeli forces have been
operating since last week it was not
immediately possible to resolve the
discrepancy in the
numbers Qatari prime minister shik
Muhammad bin Abdul Rahman Alani said his
confidence was growing that a hostage
deal between Israel and Hamas would be
reached adding challenges that remained
were very minor in a join press
conference with EU foreign policy Chief
Joseph Borel in Doha he said and I quote
the challenge es facing the agreement
are just practical and
logistical