our top story Israel's far-right
Minister itamar Bengal visited the
compound that houses the Al-Aqsa mosque
in Jerusalem in Raging Palestinians who
see the move as grief provocation while
some including in Israel fair this could
lead to violence this comes after the
sparing in ceremony of one of Israel's
most right-wing governments Israel's
national security minister arrived at
the compound flanked by security guards
the compound is Islam's third holiest
site and Jews believe that two ancient
temples are located in this compound
Israel's opposition leader and former
prime minister yair lapid has warned
that such a visit by bengalvir would
spark violence the Palestinian foreign
Ministry has strongly condemned the
ministers Move It also says this could
be a dangerous escalation of the
israel-palestine conflict Jordan has
also criticized The Minister's visit
adding that the visit violated the
international law and the historic legal
status quo in Jerusalem earlier Hamas
said it would hold Israel responsible
for any consequences of Ben gevir's
visit to the site now according to a
Hamas spokesperson Ben gavir to all
oxa Moss compound is a continuation of
the aggressive behavior and it increases
tensions between the two sides
is
however Bengal published a statement
saying and I quote our government will
not surrender to the threats of Hamas in
2000 former is really prime minister
Ariel Sharon's entry into the site
sparked the second Palestinian into
father or uprising
for more on this our correspondent Judy
Cohen sent us this report from Tel Aviv
foreign
was short just 13 minutes the question
is will the repercussions of the visit
go on for a long time although Ben gevir
kept within the permitted perimeters for
non-muslims visiting the site and didn't
pray at the site the Palestinian
Authority has called the visit by
Israel's new national security minister
a storming and a provocation as Hamas
has called it a crime bengavir says that
the new Israeli governments won't give
in to threats by Hamas and that they
will continue to ensure freedom of
movement to Jews Christians and Muslims
alike at the holy site this is Jody
Cohen for we on world as one
foreign
[Music]