amid mounting pressure Israel could
offer another ceasefire in its war with
Hamas in Gaza in exchange for the
release of more hostages held by the
Palestinian militant group Chong has
latest Israel has issued a proposal to
Hamas that includes a week-long pause in
fighting in exchange for the release of
40 hostages first reported by axios The
Proposal looks to release hostages that
include women the elderly and those in
need of virgin care CNN reported that
the deal is being presented to Hamas
through Qatari
mediators speaking to a gathering of
ambassadors on Tuesday Israeli president
Isaac herzo said Israel is ready for
another humanitarian pause and
additional humanitarian Aid in order to
enable the release of hostages the
previous 7-Day temporary ceasefire last
month led to the release of 86 women and
children held by Hamas in exchange for
240 pales inian women and teenagers held
in Israeli jails Hamas also released 24
foreign Nationals during that period
meanwhile Hamas leader isma hania is
expected to visit Egypt on Wednesday to
hold ceasefire talks raising hopes of
another temporary pass to fighting in
Gaza a senior Hamas official also said
on Monday that it rejected holding
negotiations over exchanging prisoners
while the war was ongoing but was open
to any initiative to end the war the
Israeli military continuing air strikes
and ground offensives in Gaza have
resulted in thousands of Civilian deaths
and that has led to Growing
International condemnation including
from traditional allies the United
States has also called on Israel to
scale back its attacks to Target only
Hamas as diplomatic efforts continue the
humanitarian crisis in the bes strip
worsens with each day nearly 20,000
people have been killed by Israeli
military action in Gaza since October
7th and more than 52 2,000 wounded
according to the Hamas controlled
Ministry of Health much of Northern Gaza
has been decimated by air strikes and
according to the United Nations almost
1.9 million people more than 80% of the
enclaved population have been displaced
Tong news