[Music]
[Music]
this past weekend saw four attacks
against three separate commercial
vessels operating in international
waters in the southern Red Sea three
vessels that are connected to 14
different nations which goes to show you
the extent to which this is truly a
source of global concern and a threat to
International peace and stability as DOD
has related the Arley Burke class
destroyer USS Carney responded to the
distress calls from these ships and
provided assistance in doing so it
detected three uavs at three different
times heading in its direction and it
took action against all three of those
uavs as sencom reported this weekend we
cannot assess at this time whether the
Carney was a Target uh but the Carney
took prudent action in taking down those
three
uavs
we have every reason to believe that
these attacks while they were launched
by the houthis in Yemen were fully
enabled by
[Music]
Iran now there's growing questions
inside of the us about how to respond to
these houthi attacks so far we've heard
very carefully calibrated messages from
both the defense department as well as
the White House not necessarily
acknowledging that their ships were
attacked though these ships have been
shooting down hostile drones and
missiles in these
[Music]
assaults
[Music]
oh
[Music]
now in the last 24 hours we've heard
from the White House and the White House
has said that it's considering forming a
naval task force with Allied Nations to
potentially escort commercial ships
through the Red Sea the Babel mandev and
the Gulf of Aiden near Yemen however
there's been no decision made on that
yet and it doesn't necessarily mean that
these attacks would stop if these ships
are escorted and all this comes amid the
wider concerns about 's rapidly
advancing nuclear program meaning that
all these risks are still there and the
chance for a wider escalation
[Music]
remains