and while amid the devastating Israel
Hamas War many Israelis are still
waiting for the return of their loved
ones who are held captive by Hamas are
correspondent Jodi Gohan also talked to
some families of the hostages who share
their pain they urged the International
Community to help bring back their
family members and as jod is reporting
at a bunker the audio quality of the
reports is is poor we have added
translations to help you understand I'm
with a enough whose aunts a DE
was in kibot near Oz when the Hamas
terrorists
infiltrated AA can you tell us what you
know about her situation I know this is
very difficult for you right now yes
it's a very difficult time for all the
family but we have to stay together and
do everything to bring them back my aunt
is 72 years old ad mhe all life living K
was a very she secure problem in her
heart and we have to bring it back they
murdered her husband my uncle s was s
was a man of was kindness he was a
peacemaker he beli in peace he was so
kind and so modest and do everything to
everyone and so every time I ask all of
the world all of the leader to see the
horrible thing they do and to bring them
back we ow to the family my uncle was
murdered in his own house in the safe
room he hold the door for hours try to
protect his wife and Hamas just come to
the Kuts hundreds of them with gun with
weapon with RPG they shot to the window
all the M all the safe you can see with
shotguns they succeed to open the window
they shot him he was cute and then they
took his wife my aunt through the
window I'm rais Mary whose son yoseph is
missing Mary can you tell us just a
little bit about what you're going
through what you know
okay my name is Mari and my son
is when all starts I call his friend and
he was with him in the party and when
the shouting start they goes to help
others and they put them on put them on
the ambulance on the medical and they go
to the parking where is all the cars and
there were shouting and they hiding
under the cars was shooting yeah
shooting hiding under the car and the
friend that last time his friend saw him
we hope he's found safe and well soon
pray for that amen
amen
[Music]
okay