just after midnight an Israeli War Plane
struck this three-story building this
was a three-story building and actually
this is what's left of it three people
were killed a newly wet couple ibraim
bzi and his wife shuruk and his brother
Ali were all here this adds the number
of civilians killed in Lebanon since the
beginning of the uh tension and actually
the war over here to uh around close to
5 people um the air strike is
significant for the fact that it's the
first time that the town of B Bale is
being hit since the 2006 war in 2006
bint Bale had an important uh uh it was
very significant in the uh context of
the war then um the fact is that now
there is a pattern Israeli war planes
are targeting residential areas in
different Lebanese villages and towns
close to the border so as we can see if
our cameraman can show us this house was
in the middle of a residential area now
towns such as M jabel
maraba rtin are close to the borders but
Israeli war planes are currently
actually targeting towns that are even
very far from the border such as jip
sheet yesterday and Tulin that are like
17 18 kilometers maybe less more uh from
the border this is just the situation
here the smell of fire powder can be
smell till this moment we can feel it um
the fact is that this area is now
becoming a complete war zone it's
becoming very dangerous very risky to go
around with the fact that you're always
anticipating an Israeli drone as we are
right now filming we can hear the sound
of the Israeli drones many drones in
Disguise and these drones are armed and
ready to launch rockets just like in in
in several areas around South Lebanon
from B Ali Hashim Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
aler