[Music]
refugees in their own country people
with hardly any income and children born
into poverty Israel says the blockade
stops weapons from threatening its
citizens and is designed to strangle
Hamas it's political and military wings
but there are consequences according to
a United Nations report it could make
the Gaza Strip uninhabitable by 2020
because of the electricity cut off and
we you don't have spare parts for the
sewage system you have now 100 million
litres of untreated water bombing every
day and to DC it means huge pollution to
the environment we are heading towards
use a great disaster and catastrophe in
the first 6 months of 2016 more than a
thousand trucks bought commercial goods
into Gaza 1/5 of the traffic in 2007
there's a shortage of clean water and
electricity gases only power plant was
shut down in April it has no field to
generate electricity and the plants been
mothballed in the hope it may reopen
someday it's a complete loss for the
whole country to have no fuel and to
have this power plant at standstill
while it is a big shortage and it's
actually really catastrophic situation
of lack of electricity while we have a
power plant which is ready for operation
but it needs to fuel so that we can
start it
almost half the people in Gaza have no
work and it's worse for young people 60%
of them are unemployed but despite that
some are still graduating especially
engineers idea that I'm not going to get
a job or any chance of work makes me
feel very depressed
I'm almost graduating and I'm thinking
about what will happen afterwards when I
find a job or will I study again like
other studying mathematics or do I leave
it up to God there's pride and defiance
in trying to use old materials like
glass as new compounds for concrete
blocks the political stalemate is
encouraging young engineers to find new
answers but people also want a future
and to be able to lead normal lives
you all have to have it TRT world the
Gaza Strip
[Music]