one of the most shocking aspects of the
war here in Israel is the fact that 32
children have been taken hostage by
Hamas and currently been held
underground in the 311 mile network of
tunnels known as the Gaza Metro now
we've spoken to a couple of families of
these child hostages who are
understandably traumatized by the
horrific situation they've found
themselves in but they're ke to speak to
us to make sure their message gets out
there and the plight of these hostages
is not forgotten as the war escalates
across the region um there are a number
of public protests across Israel to keep
those hostages in the public eye and
here in Jerusalem there's campaigners
have placed more than 230 empty beds in
front of the city hall to symbolize
those empty bedrooms that exist in the
home of every hostage which has been
taken um today the bedding has had to be
removed because we've seen rain here in
jerusem for the first time since we
arrived but it remains a poignant and
Powerful message and those families want
to get across that message that whatever
hamus hopes to achieve by holding
hostages the children should have no
part of that they're Innocents they're
not connected with any conflict they're
not soldiers and the families say they
should be released
immediately the youngest hostage is C
bibas who is just 9 months old his
family have told us that he loves Hooks
and he just started to crawl when Hamas
terrorists snatched him from his kots
along with his older brother Ariel and
his mother Shiri whose post as you can
see on the wall here behind me his Bo
his father yarden was also taken and is
thought to be held separately in Gaza a
shocking video has emerged of the
terrorist breaking into the family home
and taking the mother and these two boys
and showing her terrified and crying and
clutching the boys to her it is a
shocking video but the family
specifically asked us to publish it to
keep the hostages in the public eye uh
the aunt of the boys told me publish
show the
world
fore