but there is no relief inside for gazans
amid Israel's continued Onslaught amidst
the increasing death toll forced
displacements lack of food Fuel and
other basic necessities and heavy rains
have now added to their misery intense
rains flooded Gaza streets overnight the
flood waters also entered camps that are
Sheltering thousands of displaced people
many tents collapsed or were left
unhabitable
for
the jabalia refugee camp was also
flooded after being hit by heavy rains
and strong winds Aid officials said the
arrival of rainy winter weather and in
Gaza has worsen living conditions for
hundreds of thousands of families
staying in makeshift
[Music]
Den
well it was a similar situation at the
AL AKA Ms Hospital in central Gaza where
the rainwater flooded the shelter area
near the
hospital
rains have also hindered the food
distribution process volunteers faced
trouble in cooking food in the makeshift
kitchens
gazin are also facing heavy bombardment
in The
Enclave we have been showing you the
harrowing scenes unfolding in the area
well recently particularly in southern
Gaza multiple air strikes were reported
in parts of Rafa on Wednesday here too
rains have added to people's troubles
officials are warning that gazin are now
running out of time and
options I have to say it is a living
hell most of gaza's population has been
forcibly displaced largely into the
southern part of the street
Rafa Rafa is now hosting well over a
million people
now commenting on the situation retired
US Army General who is also former
director of Central Intelligence Agency
said that countering Hamas would require
making life better for
[Music]
[Music]
Palestinians
[Music]