Israel's prime minister has said that
his country's fight against Hamas could
be a long-drawn one the Israeli Defense
Forces saying that they have hit 400
Terror targets killing several Hamas
commanders and operatives the gazan
death toll has climbed to over
5,700 with over 700 people killed in
just the last 24 hours the humanitarian
crisis is deepening for over a million
people trapped inside the gazen strip
2,000 children in the B Enclave have
lost their lives in the span of 17 days
the United Nations Palestinian refugee
agency and the World Health Organization
have called for an unimpeded flow of Aid
into Gaza trapped in a humanitarian
crisis without the ability for
humanitarian organizations to reach
people in need the situation as I said
is only going to deteriorate for them we
know that people are in desperate need
of water desperate need of food
desperate need of all those things that
are are primary for your survival and
yet the the crisis continues without our
ability to reach them so the the
situation is as bad as we've seen
anywhere in the world and we know in the
next days it's going to be very uh
tragic for for
many after Israel's defense minister had
said that it is preparing for a
multilateral ground operation against
Hamas from Air ground and sea the
Israeli Army has released footage of its
combined operational activities
targeting Hamas and in response Hamas
Fighters fired motar shells towards the
Israeli Army and returned to their base
after destroying Israel's military
equipment several Palestinians including
men and women have been killed after an
Israeli strike hit a gas station in
southern gaza's Khan yunice the heavily
damaged Abu Yunis gas station was a
vital Gathering point for displaced
Palestinians seeking shelter drinking
water and power for charging their
phones
mean Israel's military spokesperson
Daniel G meanwhile has said that the
military is ready and determined for the
next stage in the war and was awaiting
political
instruction
we are now available in your country
download the app now get all the updates
on the move