now mid its war with Hamas Israel's
strongest Ally United States it's
doubled down its support for the country
the October 7th Hamas militant attack
resurrected the relationship between the
two leaders which had seen some
uncomfortable time over certain issues
these include the Israel judicial
reforms and the ever expanding Jewish
settlements but have all the differences
now been set aside though us has lent an
outright support to Israel there appears
to be a shift in Washington's Stone
Biden netanyahu's relationship is now
further being tested with an expected
Israeli invasion of Gaza reports have
been indicating that the United States
has encouraged a delay in hopes that
more hostages could be released and more
Aid could flow into Gaza and am missst
this Biden has renewed calls for a
two-state solution he's talked about the
path forward path towards peace that
must follow the ongoing War he says as
the war concludes there must be
independent states for the Israelis and
Palestinians and an integration of
Israel among its Arab Neighbors
it also means that when this crisis is
over there has to be a vision of what
comes next and in our view it has to be
a two-state solution it means a
concentrated effort for all the parties
Israelis Palestinians Regional Partners
global leaders to put us on a path
toward
peace Biden's rhetoric seems to be
shifting and is now more focused on the
humanitarian Aid in protection of
civilians the US president has already
warned that an Israeli occupation of
Gaza would be a big mistake Biden also
called for an end to escalating attacks
by Israeli settlers against Palestinians
in the occupied West Bank an issue which
has been raised by white house before
the war as well the crisis in West Asia
thus appears to be a test of the Biden
Administration as well this as it
balances its diplomatic ties and tries
to avoid the humanitarian crisis while
seeking to prevent the conflict from
expanding and from eventually hurting
its interests in the
region
Theon is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move