unprecedented attack by Iran now has is
asking what could the impact of the
strike have on our markets and oil
prices our business reporter Alexus
christopherus is tracking that part of
the story for us good morning Alexis
good morning Stephanie we're taking a
look at the oil markets and the stock
market because unrest in the Middle East
of course has Wall Street on high alert
oil prices are a little changed today
after rallying Friday and anticipation
of Iran's attack on Israel analysts say
the risk of escalating Warfare in the
Middle East has already been factored
into this year's roughly 20% rise in
crude oil prices and stocks are actually
rallying today after having their worst
week in months that's after this
weekend's drone and missile attack was
largely thwarted by an international
effort and did little damage Now Stocks
are also reacting to a much better than
expected report on March retail sales
today that report just the latest proof
that Americans continue to spend despite
stubbornly High inflation now what
happens next with oil and the stock
market large depends on Israel's
response to the attack oil prices are
currently at a six-month high of around
$90 a barrel that's a level we haven't
seen since the early days of the Israel
Hamas War analysts say if the conflict
escalates we could see oil easily top
$100 a barrel as turmoil in the Middle
East then threatens oil supply in that
region and could put key shipping routs
in Jeopardy if that were to happen it
could send gas prices above $4 a gallon
and also push inflation even higher
remember just weeks ago US Stocks were
rallying to record highs on hopes the
FED would deliver three interest rate
Cuts this year those hopes were dashed
after new reports confirmed inflation is
back on the rise and in addition to all
of this the conflict in the Middle East
those March retail sales reports
investors focusing on corporate earnings
from major companies are be coming out
today and in the weeks ahead they're
looking for more clues on inflation and
Stephanie the health the overall health
of the US economy that happened really
quickly it really did thank you Alexis