Israel is in shock with the
unprecedented scenes of violence and
Chaos unfolding across the country south
SE into people's mines Hamas started the
multipronged attack around 3:30 on
Saturday with thousands of rockets aimed
as far as T Aviv and Jerusalem some
bypassing the Iron Dome defense system
and hitting buildings how does the Iron
Dome work and did Hamas out Fox The
Cutting Edge air defense
system the Iron Dome is in is ear mobile
missile defense system designed to
intercept short range rockets and
artillery it comprises the lowest level
of Israel's missile defense architecture
intended to counter unguided rocket and
drone attacks from the Palestinian
territories and Hezbollah controlled
Lebanon as per the center for
international and strategic studies the
iron doome battery includes three to
four launchers a battle management
system and a Fire Control radar each
launcher can hold up to 20
interceptors each Iron Dome battery can
defend an area of up to 150 square km
against short range missiles motar and
Rockets now to conserve interceptors the
Iron Dome system can discern between
rockets that threaten population areas
and those that will fall harmlessly in
the open terrain iron doome can detect
and engage targets at ranges of up to 70
k
during the 2014 Israel Gaza conflict
over 4500 Rockets were fired by Hamas
over several days around 800 were
identified as threatening to population
centers within Israel and targeted for
interception and of these 735 was
successfully shot down a 90% success
rate for intercepts so what about the
Hamas rockets that bypass the Iron Dome
and hit buildings swarm tactics too many
missiles at same spot and time can
overwhelm the Iron Dome Hamas fired
thousands of rockets within a span of
few minutes which actually resulted in
some Rockets going past the Israeli
Shield Israel is working on the iron
beam a defense system which will
surround the nation with a laser wall
the laser will supplement the short
range air defense provided by the Iron
Dome the iron beam shall fix the Gap
exposed by swarm tactics and if God
Israel
further