they hostages that were taken from a
party that were taken from their cribs a
painful reminder of the deadly attack on
Israel at this synagogue in North London
families of the hostages still missing
marking six months since the 7th of
October attacks I don't have days and
night it's like a nightmare for us
unwavering support from the Prime
Minister back then I've just spoken with
prime minister Netanyahu to assure him
of the UK steadfast support but today a
shift in tone from his cabinet we're not
giving C blanch and we have a robust
conversations uh with Israel indeed the
both our prime minister had
conversations with prime minister
Netanyahu and the foreign secretary had
conversations with his opposite number
of course Israel has made mistakes and
made big mistakes and we should hold
them to account for that but but we are
holding them to a very high standard one
of those mistakes an attack on Aid
workers in Gaza last week three British
charity workers were killed by Israeli
drones the foreign secretary Lord
Cameron in an oped today said there was
no doubt who was to blame and that
Britain's support for Israel is not
unconditional he announced this weekend
a plan to deliver 9.7 million pounds of
Aid to Gaza though a reported split in
cabinet over UK arm sales to Israel
labor pressing the government again
today to publish the foreign office
legal advice after hundreds of lawyers
wrote to Rishi sunak reminding the
government of its obligations under
international law I've said that I have
serious
concerns about a breach in international
humanitarian law in regard to this and
it's for that reason that I'm asking
David Cameron to be very clear and to
publish the legal advice because this is
serious for the British people Rishi
sunk has marked 6 months on from those
Hamas attacks reiterating Israel's right
to defend its security and supporting a
humanitarian
pause a noticeable shift in tone from
the government today though out of step
with the tens of thousands still taking
to the streets weekly and supporting an
immediate ceasefire Serena Bak Singh Sky
News