now to the war between Israel and Hamas
tonight the Israeli military now saying
they have surrounded the leader of Hamas
in Gaza in an underground bunker also
this evening here the leaked audio
revealing the anger in a meeting with
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu the
families of hostages furious with him
James Longman in Israel again
tonight tonight Israel unleashing over
250 air strikes on Targets in Gaza with
troops surrounding the home of hamas's
leader in Gaza Yahya Sina with a say is
hiding out in an underground
headquarters Israeli forces have battled
Into the Heart of Han Yunis the biggest
city in southern Gaza and where
thousands have sought Refuge from the
north nearby a chilling site as Israeli
planes drop leaflets on a graveyard for
the war's victims the IDF directing some
to leave others to stay the leaflet that
has been dropped in in your neighborhood
is telling you to stay where you are
it's not telling you to move we don't
want to move if we don't have to move
uh I don't actually know how far I can
trust the Israeli Army meanwhile some
hostage families accuse Benjamin
Netanyahu of in action leaked audio from
a tense meeting provided to an Israeli
media Outlet revealing their anger at
the Prime
Minister one woman saying quote all
you're thinking about is collapsing
Hamas give them back whoever they want
and bring everybody
back Hamas leader Yahya Sina is Israel's
Most Wanted Man he could be somewhere
near khun
but so are hundreds of thousands of
civilians David James lman in Tel Aviv
for us tonight James thank you hi
everyone George Stephanopoulos here
thanks for checking out the ABC News
YouTube channel if you'd like to get
more videos show highlights and watch
live event coverage click on the right
over here to subscribe to our Channel
and don't forget to download the ABC
News app for breaking news alerts thanks
for
watching