secretary blinken um you know how do you
respond to the calls for from your
allies here for a ceasefire um and and
are you hearing um are you finding
receptive uh uh ears for your calls to
talk about um Gaza after Hamas
thanks Simon thanks very much for the
question
uh it's our view that uh a ceasefire now
would simply leave Hamas in place able
to regroup and repeat what it did on
October
7th and you don't have to take my word
for it just a few days ago a senior
Hamas official said that it was their
intent to do October 7th again and again
and
again no Nation none of
us can accept that no one would find
that
tolerable uh and so it is is important
to
reaffirm Israel's right to defend itself
indeed its obligation to do so and to
take necessary steps so that October 7th
can never happen
again but it's also very important the
way Israel does that and that's what
we've talked to the Israeli government
about uh with taking every possible
measure to protect human life to prevent
civilian
casualties as well as to ensure that
those who are in need have the
assistance that they
need to that end I think we all shared
deep concern
about the plight of civilians uh in Gaza
men women and children who
need most essential things uh to get by
uh we worked very hard to make sure that
that assistance can flow to them uh but
it's also one of the reasons why you
humanitarian pause would be so important
to make sure that we can maximize the
assistance getting to uh the
Palestinians that we can make sure that
people can move about safely uh that
they can get to places where they're
safe uh and uh that uh again we can make
sure that not only is Zade flowing in
but those who are responsible for
Distributing get in the right structures
can be built to make sure that people
can benefit from it so we're focused on
this um and we'll continue the work that
we're doing together with our partners
to make sure that that assistant can get
there thanks for watching stay updated
about breaking news and top stories on
the NBC News app or follow us on social
media