Israeli air strikes killed 50 people in
1 hour alone on Tuesday according to the
Gaza Health Ministry and just as Waring
for gaza's medical personnel fuel is
running out Israel doesn't want to allow
fuel into The Enclave fearing it will go
straight into the hands of Hamas but
there are dire warnings about what will
happen if it doesn't
arrive everyone is guilty and they are
all guilty if they do not supply the
hospital with fuel you are signing a
death warrant for the northern Gaza
Strip and the patients the UN relief
team dedicated to Palestinian refugees
says fuel certainly isn't the only
problem in Gaza effectively we're
running out of stocks of uh water food
medicines we are running out of the
basics uh Commodities that we need to
serve the population for most of the day
on Tuesday no humanitarian Aid trucks
went through Egypt's Rafa Crossing into
Gaza the White House put some of the
blame on all the Diplomatic players
involved Israel Egypt the US Hamas and
the United Nations but late on Tuesday
eight Aid trucks did get through
carrying water food and
Medicine there are reports that Israel
could be holding off on an expected
ground Invasion to allow time for a
large scale hostage release No
confirmation from Israel or the us but a
big issue would be how to move a large
number of hostages through a war zone
and it's not clear what Hamas wants in
return the White House says right now a
ceasefire is not feasible pauses in an
operation is is a tool and a tactic that
can do that for temporary periods of
time so does that mean that is not the
same as saying a ceasefire again right
now we believe a ceasefire benefits
Hamas a general ceasefire French
president macron has arrived in the
region talking with the leaders of
Israel Jordan and Palestine and with
questions continuing about how big a
role the US is playing President Biden
as he welcomed Australia's prime
minister to the White House on Tuesday
simply said Israel makes its own
decisions Andy Rosen trt world are you