and there is the Endeavor to find a
peaceful and Lasting two-state solution
to the long-standing Palestine
question in this extraordinarily
difficult time is to strike the right
balance India has voted in favor of the
resolution there is an enormous
humanitarian crisis and the large scale
loss of Civilian lives especially of
women and children the assembly will now
take a decision on draft resolution a
stroke
es10 Str
L27 entitled protection of civilians and
upholding legal and humanitarian
[Music]
obligations India has voted in favor of
the resolution just adopted by the
generalist
assembly the situation that this August
body has been deliberating upon has many
dimensions there is the terrorist attack
in Israel on 7 October and the concern
for the hostages taken at that
time there is an enormous humanitarian
crisis and the large-scale loss of
Civilian lives especially of women and
children there is the issue of observing
International humanitarian law in all
circumstances and there is the Endeavor
to find a peaceful and Lasting two-state
solution to the long-standing Palestine
question our challenge in this
extraordinarily difficult time is to
strike the right
balance the gravity and complexity of
what the International Community faces
is underlined by the Secretary General
invoking article 99 of the charter of
the United
Nations we therefore welcome the fact
that the International Community has
been able to find a common ground to
address the multiple challenges facing
the region right
[Music]
now
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
from breaking news detailed analysis
in-depth interviews and explainers
follow the times of India subscribe to
our YouTube channel don't forget to like
our videos and hit the Bell icon to stay
updated with the
latest