over in Gaza more hostages have been
released on the sixth day of the
ceasefire between Israel and Hamas
mediators are pushing for another
extension of the truth that is set to
expire in few hours p g has the
latest just hours before the ceasefire
between Israel and Hamas is due to
expire 16 hostages were released by
Hamas including 10 Israelis four Tha
Nationals and two Russians they were
handed over to the Red Cross late
Wednesday on the sixth day of the truce
and were taken to five different
hospitals in Israel in exchange Israel
also released 30 Palestinians mostly
women and minors over the first 5 days
of the ceasefire which began last Friday
Hamas released 81 hostages and Israel
freed 180 Palestinians from prison
mainly women and minors with the
extended truth set to expire at 7:00
a.m. on Thursday local time mediators
including Qatar Egypt and the US
continue to work toward another
potential extension of the ceasefire but
the two SIDS have yet to reach an
agreement and on Wednesday the Israeli
Prime Minister vowed that fighting would
continue There is no situation in which
we do not go back to fighting until the
end this is my policy the entire
government is behind it the soldiers are
behind it the people are behind it this
is exactly what we will
do amid growing intern National pressure
to extend the truce US Secretary of
State Anthony blinkin arrived in Tel
Aviv early on Thursday his third trip to
the region since the war broke out he is
set to meet with Israeli officials to
discuss extending the temporary truths
and boosting humanitarian Aid into Gaza
he is also expected to visit the West
Bank where he will likely meet with
palestine's President meanwhile Hamas
has claimed a 10-month-old hostage who
believed to be the youngest captive was
killed during Israeli bombing the
militant group said he was killed along
with his four-year-old brother and their
mother Israel which has been accusing
Hamas of using civilians as human
Shields said it is assessing the claim
Pang news