Israeli forces mobilizing for the next
phase of this
war a major ground assault on Gaza seems
more a matter of when not
if on the Israeli side of the Border we
found soldiers preserving their strength
everyone save everyone it's already been
a hard
fight this whole area of rural villages
in southern Israel was a war zone
exactly a week ago when Hamas militants
invaded the body of an attacker still
lying on the ground we're in a kabut
called Barry which is very close to the
Gaza Strip it was one of the place's
worst hit in last Saturday's attack more
than a hundred people here were k killed
and then there were the kidnapped yarden
was seized with her husband and
three-year-old
daughter at one point they broke free
she handed the girl to her partner who
could run faster the father and the
child escaped yarden didn't now her
brother says his niece needs her mom
back she realize I think that I I think
that uh during day she behave well
during night it's a nightmare she wakes
up she screams she ask for her mother
where is her mother so I think that she
understand that she that we are all
doing our best but inside she's
devastated it happened at the
grandparents
house normal life
shattered yaden's brother-in-law showed
us the room from where they were taken
the militants also captured his sister
and mother I lost everything I just want
the one that life is
back that's the thing you all the story
is fine but that's the that's the main
goal to bring back my family and
everyone else no nothing else back
outside the danger is ever
present get down
get Israel wants to end the threat from
Hamas for
good but there are no guarantees that
military strength alone will be enough
Deborah Hayne Sky News Southern
Israel