I've always been proud of being born in
the USA even after five decades as a
Canadian citizen having access to dual
citizenship in a country that gave so
much to the world economically
militarily and democratically was a
bonus branch from our family tree not
anymore the events of the last two weeks
starting with Canada becoming the u.s.
president's trumped-up trading nemesis
has turned America into a global
embarrassment bordering on a pariah it
is suddenly a country whose moral
compass has got haywire its place in the
world has turned isolationist and it's
relationship with Canada has needlessly
soured the final nail in America the
great's coffin was Donald Trump's
infamous zero-tolerance anti-immigration
policy which caged thousands of children
pending the resolution of their parents
asylum claims it's a barbaric policy
which hasn't entirely been resolved by
Trump's flip-flop which continues
suffering 2,000 plus children from their
parents of course Canada's history is
not without sin in ripping apart
indigenous families during the
residential school and sixties scoop
tragedies but this is 2018 and that
makes the stories of very young children
having their shoelaces removed and told
not to hug their siblings so viscerally
appalling even Trump's three sizes too
small hearts softened slightly under
intense political pressure the concern
is that trumps backtrack has all the
symptoms of a political cancer that's in
tentative remission not likely for
elimination his brutal hat truth defying
argument that he must shield America
from asylum seekers will undoubtedly
manifest itself in new and disturbing
ways to his credit Prime Minister Justin
Trudeau went as far as he could or
should go to express dismay at Trump's
policy by calling it unacceptable the
economic price of further cranking up
Trump trash-talkin who would be just too
high for the self-satisfaction of
registering Canada's concern on a
volatile White House but objector Doe
must an object he did albeit rather
slowly as for this born in the US a
Canadian there's always been a
temptation to take advantage of
expedited
access to US passports green cards and
emigration
but until politics in America gets a
complete makeover under new management
that birthright is worthless for a
country that's gone so terribly wrong
and that's the last word