Israel is in shock with the
unprecedented scenes of violence and
Chaos unfolding across the country south
seed into people's minds Hamas started
the multipronged attack around 3:30 on
Saturday with thousands of rockets aimed
as far as th Aviv and Jerusalem some
bypassing the Iron Dome defense system
and hitting buildings as well now how
does the Iron Dome work it's famed
across the world and did Hamas out Fox
The Cutting Edge air defense system now
the Iron Dome is an Israeli mobile
missile defense system designed to
intercept short- range rockets and
artillery it comprises the lowest tier
of Israel's missile defense architecture
intended to counter unguided rockets and
drone attacks from the Palestinian
territories and Hezbollah control
Lebanon as per the center for
international and strategic studies the
Iron Dome battery includes three to four
launchers a battle management system and
a Fire Control radar each launcher can
hold up to 20 Tam interceptors each Iron
Dome battery can defend an area of up to
1050 Square km against short range
missiles mortars and Rockets to conserve
interceptors the Iron Dome system can
discern between rockets that threaten
population areas and those that will
fall harmlessly in open terrain now Iron
Dome can detect and engage targets at
ranges of up to 70 km the during the
2014 Israel Gaza conflict over 4500
Rockets were fired by Hamas over several
days around 800 were identified as
threatening to population centers within
Israel and targeted for interception of
these 735 were successfully shot down a
90% success rate for intercepts that is
the iron Rome so what about the Hamas so
what about the Hamas rockets that bypass
the Iron Dome and hit buildings now that
is a question did the Iron Dome fail now
swarm tactics too many missiles at the
same spot and time can overwhelm the
Iron Dome that's a Luna in its
capabilities Hamas fired thousands of
rockets within a span of few minutes
which resulted in some Rockets going
past the Israeli Shield Israel is
working on an on the iron beam a defense
system which will surround the nation
with a laser wall the laser will
supplement the short range air defense
provided by the Iron Dome the iron beam
shall fix the Gap exposed by swarm
tactics and Safeguard the the Israeli
land
[Music]
further