while a delegation of foreign Ministers
of the Arab Nations that held meetings
with China sto diplomats in Beijing will
visit Delhi this week ministers will
hold discussions on the Israel Hamas War
and the crisis in West Asia in Delhi the
foreign ministers will meet India's
external affairs minister Dr SJ Shanker
India is holding discussions with world
powers as part of its effort efforts to
deescalate the conflict it is also
facilitating urgent humanitarian aid for
the victims of the War India has called
for the unconditional release of all
Israeli hostages who are in Hamas
custody on Monday the foreign Minister's
delegation met Chinese foreign minister
wangi urging an end to the hostilities
in Gaza the delegation including the
foreign Ministers of Saudi Arabia Jordan
Egypt Indonesia and the Palestinian
Authority as well as the organization of
Islamic coroporation met with wangi and
urged Israel to stop the collective
punishment of the people of Gaza and
open a humanitarian door to prevent a
larger
crisis the International Community
should shoulder its responsibility to
respond effectively to this catastrophe
and put an end to the continuing
violations of international law and
international humanitarian law by the
Israelis who must act not remain
indifferent China also called for an
International Peace conference to decide
a timetable and road map to resolve the
crisis the Arab and Islamic countries
also commended did beijing's
long-standing position in Palestine the
leaders urg China to play a greater role
in ending the Israel Hamas conflict the
Arab Islamic delegation is currently in
Moscow and is slated to meet the Russian
foreign minister Serge lavro today
Russia which previously had close
diplomatic relations with Israel has
struck a cautious Pro Palestinian
position since the outbreak of the war
the Arab Islamic delegation coupled with
Russian and Chinese support is also uh
putting pressure on the west to reject
is is is's justification of the war as
[Music]
self-defense