an entitlement Donald Trump's senior
advisor and son-in-law Jared Kushner
says he knows a Middle East peace plan
won't work without political solutions
but that he intends to deal with those
at a later stage people are tired of the
way that this has been stuck in the mud
for so long and what we're hoping we can
do is get people to look at this a
little bit differently come together
share ideas and then hopefully we can
create a framework on which to move
forward economically his proposal said
to be the focus of meetings in Manama
this week between the u.s. and Arab Gulf
states includes fifty billion dollars
for economic projects a West Bank Gaza
corridor and tourism in Palestine the
Palestinian officials protesters and
West Bank residents are demanding a
political solution saying the biggest
obstacles to peace are the problems the
deal does not address
nagi Tamimi who heads the village
council for the West Bank town of Nabi
Saleh says he's distressed by a nearby
illegal Israeli settlement actor local
people and their properties the army is
always with them and carries out attacks
on local Palestinians with them many
times they've closed off the village
arrested people conducted nighttime
house raids killed locals and seized
land others are worried the money will
further distance them from their rights
and their land like Abdul Karim algebra
who lives in Wadi al-hussein near Hebron
his village is surrounded by three
Israeli settlements a little bit the
settlers came to me and told me to ask
for any amount I want and move anywhere
I want in exchange for selling my land
in my home he's one of many West Bank
residents saying the only way they'll
leave is on the way to their graves
despite Kushner's confidence his peace
deal may end up stuck in the mud if it
doesn't include a solution that enables
Palestinians to stay put
Sarab alter TRT world
you
[Music]