three em to stop sending an 95 mask to
Canada
3m released a statement confirming this
earlier
CTV's Michelle boy a is in Ottawa with
details so first of all Michelle mm-hmm
what was the ask from President Trump
and why and then please tell us what 3m
said in response yeah well we all know
the severity of the situation the lack
of ventilators right across Canada and
also the United States dealing with
kovat 19 the White House has asked 3m a
manufacturer of these ventilators to
stop exporting them to Canada as well as
to Latin America I want to show you the
statement from 3m take a look at this
they say there are significant
humanitarian implications of ceasing
respirator supplies to health care
workers in Canada and Latin America
ceasing all exports of respirators
produced in the United States would
likely cause other countries to
retaliate and do the same as some have
already done now we have heard from
Donald Trump about this I want you to
take a look at what he had said just
about issuing more orders under the
defense production act in the very near
future in addition to the one that I've
just signed against 3m for face masks we
assigned a element of the act against 3m
and hopefully they'll be able to do what
they are supposed to do so we have
reached out to Chrystia Freeland office
who I can tell you has been in talks
with the United States and the White
House about getting goods back and forth
particularly health care goods so we're
gonna have to wait and see what they say
about that also expect questions about
this to the p.m. at 11:15 okay Michele
boy thank you for that we appreciate it
and we're gonna check in with you if you
learned anything more about this please
sit back down on your living room