in the Middle East Israel has agreed to
open three humanitarian routes to allow
more Aid into Gaza it comes amid growing
pressure to protect civilians after
seven Aid workers were killed on Monday
including Canadian Jacob Flickinger
ctv's Heather Wright spoke with his
family for 11 years Jacob Flickinger
served in the Canadian Armed Forces
including a tour in Afghanistan his
parents say he had a passion for service
and helping others a passion that took
to Gaza early last month he knew the
risk going into Gaza yeah that he told
me dad people are starving to death and
and I can maybe help a little Flickinger
was one of the seven a workers hit by an
Israeli air strike as they were leaving
a world Central Kitchen Warehouse in
Deer albala the 33-year-old leaves
behind his parents his partner and an
18-month-old son we've lost a good human
being but at the same time he
he went away with all his heart he was
doing his passion the strike has sparked
worldwide condemnation and fresh
questions about how Israel is carrying
out its campaign in Gaza I have to
directly take issue with what uh prime
minister Netanyahu said yesterday when
he said well this just happens uh in
conflicts and in Wartime uh no it
doesn't just happen and it shouldn't
just happen in a tense conversation this
afternoon US President Joe Biden told
his Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu an immediate ceasefire is
necessary he also appeared to condition
future Aid on demands for Israel to
change course and Implement steps to
address civilian deaths humanitarian
suffering and the safety of Aid workers
if we don't see the
changes that we need to see there'll be
changes in our own policy many
Palestinian Advocates say these demands
should have been made months ago with
the death toll in Gaza now more than
30,000 according to the Gaza Health
Ministry for the family of Jacob
Flickinger they have a message for both
sides sure it's easy Stop The Killing
yeah um of Aid workers of innocent
civilians on both sides start feeding
the population release the hostages
Israel has apologized for this strike
calling it a tragic mistake but has yet
to provide an explanation as to how it
happened in the first place Heather
ctv's Heather Wright in Toronto