So within the last hour we've heard and
seen pictures of uh an air strike on
alah Hospital which is in central Gaza
City reports from the Hamas run Health
Ministry that as many as 500 possibly
more killed in this air strike I've
spoken to the IDF tonight they are
saying they're looking into it but give
no further details other than that and
when they say they're looking into it
they'll need to check whether their
aircraft were in the region at the time
whether they might hit a hit a missile
Depot nearby that caused a greater
explosion but I have to say at this
stage it looks like they have hit uh a
hospital and hospitals and schools in
Gaza particularly under bombardment are
places of Refuge they're considered
places of safety by Palestinian
civilians because the Israeli awareness
of buildings in Gaza is so great that
they know where these these places are
and they are supposed to not Target them
so we'll see what more comes out from
the Israelis in the coming hours but it
looks to be an incredibly bad incident
on the eve of the US president's visit
here and if Joe Biden wants to be an
honest broker in the Middle East and
bear in mind he will go from Israel to
meet the Palestinian president Mahmud
Abbas the Egyptian leader ABD fat CI and
also King Abdullah of Jordan and he
needs to be able to balance negotiations
between all sides well whilst he will
want to stand firmly behind Israel and
Israel's right to defend itself after
the terror attacks 11 days ago he will
also if this does turn out to be an
Israeli air strike on a hospital need to
be very firm in his condemnation of that
and his need for Israel to protect
civilian lives in Gaza during their
objective of eliminating Hamas what I
would say finally is that I don't think
President Biden is coming out here with
any intent to solve The Wider Middle
East conflict I think he has more
pressing objectives one is to create a
humanitarian Corridor to get much needed
supplies into Gaza secondly they are
looking at trying to release some of the
hostages there are many American
hostages uh involved in this and thirdly
what he needs to try and do is ensure
that this conflict doesn't escalate
further beyond the boundaries of Gaza
whether it be the West Bank Jerusalem
Lebanon or even further a field than
that in the Middle East