Israel intensified its attacks in Gaza
even on Christmas day with some 250
Palestinians killed in a 24hour period
Israel's finance ministry is expecting
the armed conflict to last another two
months at a further cost of 14 billion
US is
reports Israel on Monday intensified its
attack in Gaza killing more than 100
people at the magazi refugee camp with
Palestinian authorities saying some 250
Palestinians have been killed over the
past 24 hours Christmas evening Gaza was
also marred by heavy bombardments from
the Israeli military in its continued
fight against Hamas which led to the
leveling of buildings and injuries to
over 500 people with temperatures
dropping in poor weather conditions
Palestinian refugees are struggling to
keep themselves warm during the winter
season the New York Times reported on
Sunday that frigid winter condition s
combined with rain have left tents
utterly useless with many seen only with
thin blankets to keep themselves warm
the Israeli finance ministry believes
the armed conflict between its military
and Hamas will last at least another two
months it said another 14 billion us
will be needed for security and other
expenses for next year meaning the near
tripling of its budget deficit however
the military's Deputy budget
commissioner raised the possibility that
the conflict with the Palestinian mil
group could stretch further resulting in
even more money being spent on the armed
conflict meanwhile according to the Wall
Street Journal on Monday Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said
there are three prerequisites for peace
the elimination of Hamas the
demilitarization of Gaza and the
Palestinian Society being
deradicalized he said that in the
process of achieving peace Israel will
continue to act in full compliance with
international law EJ adang news see