the Israeli Air Force has carried out
hundreds of strikes on Gaza today it is
unrelenting and it is
devastating and Israel has now carried
out the first ground operations in Gaza
it was a small mission to Target Hamas
rocket Crews not a fullscale invasion
they are still awaiting those orders we
are conducting our operations adjacent
to the to the perimeter uh raids in
order to locate uh potential dues but
also to identify uh bodies and seek out
terrorists that potentially are still
hiding in the perimeter of the Border
area Israel's order for civilians in
Northern Gaza to move to the South has
created alarm in the strip and across
the world many do not want to leave
their homes or physically cannot the
United Nations considers it impossible
for such a move to take place without
devastating humanitarian consequences
the United Nations strongly appeals for
any such order to be rescinded avoiding
what could transform what is already a
tragedy into a calamitous
situation Sky News understands that
discussions are ongoing to open up a
humanitarian Corridor into Gaza but
there's been no agreement yet if you cut
Gaza off from food and water the result
is the only result is you start starving
them we we're not going to get to that
point are we not we're not going to get
to that point why not I me will there be
humanitarian corridors limited
humanitarian Corridor set up because at
the moment there is doesn't look like
there's any sign of that we're not going
to get to that point Hamas had called on
Palestinians to go onto the streets in a
day of Rage Friday prayers at alaxa and
Jerusalem a potential flash point passed
peacefully Israeli police prevented many
young men from entering the compound
there were some small clashes in in East
Jerusalem tear gas was fired but no
serious injuries but in the West Bank 11
Palestinians were shot dead two were
killed when Israeli settlers attacked a
funeral many feared that today would be
the day that the war came to Jerusalem
but for the most part this was not the
case that is not to say it will not
happen a ground invasion of Gaza or a
sustained and brutal bombing campaign
could still light the Flames elsewhere
there are uncertain and nervous days
ahead Al Bank Sky news in Israel