a new report published by a top American
Media house has Unearthed a mountain of
hamas's finances that Israeli
intelligence had acknowledged of going
back to 2018 yet chose to ignore these
very funds were lightly used by Hamas in
preparation for the deadly attacks on
October 7th the report published by New
York Times details documents recovered
from the computer of a senior Hamas
official the document lists assets worth
hundreds of millions of dollars this
points towards numerous Sudanese
companies in the oil Transit and poultry
farming Industries owned by Hamas along
with two skyscrapers in the UAE and
multiple real estate investments in
tokia and
Algeria UD Levy former head of mad's
economic Warfare department has
corroborated this report Levy claims he
was part of a task force Haroon set up
by the agency to probe teror financing
the task force is alleged to have
stumbled on hamas's secret Investments
as early as
2015 but the task force was shut down by
then mosad Chief Yosi Cen mosad is said
to have continued surveilling sources at
a reduced capacity in 2018 the agency
gained access to ledgers belonging to
Hamas these ledgers are said to be the
clearest trail of funding on the basis
of these funds and findings agents on
the case are said to have rallied for
sanctions against the militant group
however both Israel and the US failed to
pursue this poent lead due to Collective
Focus being diverted to Iranian
sanctions the report also claims that
current Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu permitted millions of dollars
to flow into Gaza via Qatar in 2018
believing it
would
disincentivize
an armed conflict in the region
Netanyahu is yet to respond to these
allegations leveled against him in this
report weon is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the
move