for
G
what the people of Israel have endured
over the past 6 days has been far worse
than our most horrifying
nightmare we experienced our darkest
moment since the Holocaust barbaric
Hamas terrorist invaded our homeland to
exterminate us like
insects the UN and the security Council
are facing one of their most pivotal
moments will there remain true to their
founding values or will they Empower
genocidal terrorists let us be clear
there's absolutely no place for this
evil in the world no justification no
excuse know that the United States
working closely with our Israeli
Partners is doing everything we can to
secure the release of all hostages since
last night the Secretary General and his
team have been working the phones uh
he's been in constant contact with
Israeli authorities urging them to avert
a humanitarian catastrophe uh team
leaders of the UN office for the
coordination of humanitarian Affairs and
the Department of Safety and Security in
Gaza were informed by the Israeli
liaison officers that the Israeli
military in the entire population of G
Gaza north of Wadi Gaza should relocate
to Southern Gaza within 24 hours that
was that was as of midnight local time
last night uh this amounts to
approximately 1.1 million people uh no
Aid is currently getting in to the Gaza
Strip as border crossings remain closed
uh and our colleagues on the ground are
telling us that the un's own supplies
have now hit the bottom of the barrel
after there a strikes the Israeli
Defense Forces have ordered the
Palestinians in Gaza City and its
surroundings to move to the south of the
territory moving more than 1 million
people across a densely populated war
zone
to a place with no food water or
accommodation when the entire territory
is under siege is extremely dangerous
and in some cases simply not possible we
need immediate humanitarian access
throughout Gaza so that we can get fuel
food and water to everyone in
[Music]
need