the Lebanese military group Hezbollah
says a senior Commander has been killed
in an Israeli strike in southern Lebanon
and despite Israel shifting to a lower
intensity offensive in Gaza prime
minister Benin Nano says the war won't
end anytime soon ising has
more Hezbollah says one of its top
ranking commanders has been killed in an
Israeli attack in southern Lebanon
Lebanon State media said wisam tail who
is considered one of the most prominent
figures in the Lebanese militant group
was killed in an Israeli air strike that
targeted a car that the commander was in
according to AFP tll had a leading role
in managing hezbollah's operations in
the south of
Lebanon however Israel did not comment
on the attack but it did say it had hit
Hezbollah Targets in response to crossb
attacks regarding the war in Gaza Strip
the office of the Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu who released a joint
statement from both the Prime Minister
and defense Chief yav Gallant where the
two stress that the war there would not
end anytime soon and that it would
continue for many months they also call
for international support in order for
them to continue the fighting in Gaza
speaking to the New York Times Israel
Defense Forces spokesperson Daniel
hagari said its military has begun a new
less intensive phase in its war against
Hamas in Gaza he added that the new
phase means fewer ground troops and air
strikes the comments came hours before
US Secretary of State Anthony blinkin
arrived in Israel to discuss the
transition to the next phase in fighting
and preventing the conflict from
spreading meanwhile blinkin sent a
message warning to the houthi militants
in Yemen saying they will face
consequences for continued attacks on
ships in the Red Sea blink told
reporters Monday in Saudi Arabia that
some 40 countries have called on houthis
to stop their attacks the top American
Diplomat also made stops in Turkey
Greece Qatar and the United Arab
Emirates in quick seccession before his
visit to Israel E news