let's now also look at the next round of
continuing public protests against
Israel's prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu which played out in Tel Aviv
on Saturday night thousands protested on
the streets calling for a fresh
elections demanding more action from the
government to bring back the hostages
slogan said the government must
understand that it no longer has the
legitimacy to rule
well I think the situation in Israel is
such that we need
change we need BB to go because he is a
disaster for Isel economically and
especially
uh safety of the population in Israel
and this time has to go because uh it's
only beginning of solution to get Israel
back to its safe mode I don't feel
enough is being done it's Unthinkable
that we have people of all ages from
babies to people in their mid 80s in
there living in tunnels and Unthinkable
conditions hopefully alive at this stage
but no not enough
hasand the protests have continued as
the war in Gaza is into its seventh
month efforts to secure a ceasefire deal
and release of more hostages appear to
have been stalled Netanyahu is is facing
challenges on multiple fronts with his
domestic support weakening pressures
from his government allies and Israel's
International pressure against Israel's
military operations in Gaza that have
killed over 34,000 people as for reports
Netanyahu has pledged to continue
Israel's campaign in Gaza until all
hostages are brought home and Hamas has
been destroyed he has repeatedly
rejected calls to go slow on the
onslaught last week's attack on Israel
by waves of Iranian drones at mile
shifted attention from the conflict in
Gaza and for many relatives of the
remaining hostages there is a growing
feeling that time is running
out for all the latest news download the
weon app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel