so when Hamas launched its attack on the
state of Israel on the 7th of October
Israel simply did not know what hit it
it was a multi-prong defens of Bahamas
widely touted as the worst attack that
Israel has suffered in its history now
Israel for its part remember claims to
have the world's best defense against
missiles and Rockets it claims to have
the world's best intelligence Service as
well now the much hyped and much touted
iron Dome of the Israelis completely
failed against this barrage of very
crude rockets that were fired by Hamas
so what exactly is this system of iron
dor how does it work and is it really
worth the hype our next Point get to
more
details the iron doome anti-missile
shield is a defense system designed to
destroy Rockets artillery shells or
drones aimed at populated areas in
mid-flight it can perform in all weather
conditions and is capable of
intercepting missiles from a range of
between 4 and 70 km the first Iron Dome
battery was installed in March 2011 near
the southern Israeli city of beeva some
40 kilomet from the Gaza Strip other
batteries have since been deployed with
the aim of defending the entire Israeli
territory a rocket fired from within the
70 km radius is detected by the iron
Do's mobile tracking radar the data is
sent to the battle management control
which assesses threat and calculates the
likely point of impact if the rocket is
heading towards populated or builtup
areas it decides to intercept the target
is shot down in mid-flight and within
seconds by an interceptor missile
launched from one of the systems three
firing units each equipped with 20
missiles the Israeli Army says 75 to 90%
of attempted interceptions are
successful for at an estimated cost of
$50,000 each
time Von is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the move