now Hamas says that at least about nine
people that had captured during the raid
on Israel last week have been killed by
an Israeli raid on Gaza in the last 24
hours however in its possible ground
offensive the Israeli Defense Forces are
going to conduct door-to-door searches
for the hostages an earlier speculation
had been raised that Hamas militants
could have taken the hostages to
different parts of the region and could
have dispersed them through their
complex tunnel system the Israeli Prime
Minister Netanyahu has already warned
Hamas that the militant organization is
responsible for the wellbeing of the
hostages and our correspondent Jodi K
has been tracking the story very closely
for his from a bomb shelter and Ron has
sent us this story from the state of
Israel take a
listen so in terms of the hostages the
Israel Defense Forces are saying that
the this is the most difficult hostage
situation ation that Israel has ever
faced in its history now the hostages
include as we know elderly people young
children even babies and there are
hostages from 30 different countries
around the world that have been taken by
Hamas we've heard different figures of
potentially 120 hostages left in hamas's
hands even up to 200 the IDF is
gathering intelligence reportedly on the
hostages locations now an agreement has
been reached between Israel the us and
Egypt which remember also has a border
with Gaza to enable foreign residents
who are living in Gaza to leave and
Hamas and Islamic jihads have reportedly
agreed also to that but this does not
include uh hostages being able to
leave Von is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the move