uh first the G7 condemned the
unprecedented Iranian attack on Israel
unprecedented in scope and scale scope
because it was a direct attack on Israel
from Iran scale because it involved more
than 300 Munitions including ballistic
missiles we're committed to Israel
security we're also committed to
de-escalating uh to trying to bring uh
this tension to a to a close um
you saw as well or you'll see soon in
the G7 statement a commitment to hold
Iran to account uh to account for its
destabilizing activities uh holding it
to account by uh degrading its missile
and drone
capabilities uh and yesterday the United
States announced additional sanctions on
Iran targeting UAV programs the steel
industry companies that are associated
with the irgc the ministry of defense
and its Armed Forces Logistics the G7
statement makes clear that G7 countries
will adopt additional sanctions or other
measures in the days
ahead even as we've been dealing with
the conflict in the Middle East and uh
again the unprecedented attack by Iran
on Israel we've remained intensely
focused on
Gaza we urge the rapid implementation of
Israel's humanitarian assistance
commitments more Aid more Crossings
better deconfliction better distribution
of the assistance to all who need it we
have seen important steps over the last
couple of weeks with more Crossings
opening uh more Aid getting in more Aid
getting around but we need to see
sustained results and we need in
particular to make sure that there is
distribution throughout
Gaza we also focused on the imperative
of getting to a ceasefire with the
release of hostages
such a ceasefire would facilitate the
dramatic expansion in the humanitarian
assistance it would also let gazin
return to the north those who' have been
displaced from the north the only thing
the only thing standing between the Gaz
and people and a ceasefire is
Hamas it's rejected generous proposals
from Israel it seems more interested in
a regional conflict than it is in a
ceasefire that would immediately improve
the lives of the Palestinian people it
continues to move the goalposts and the
world needs to know and needs to
understand again that the only thing
standing between the
ceasefire uh and uh gazen people is
Hamas