now the United Nations Palestinian
refugee agency warns it will most likely
be forced to shut down its operations in
West Asia including in Gaza by the
February end if funding does not resume
the aid group that has been working to
help the 2.3 million Palestinians faces
what the United Nations has deemed a
humanitarian crisis as many as 16
countries have pulled funding from the
UNR W in the wake of allegations that 12
staff members may have played a role in
the October 7th Hamas attack in Israel
the Israeli offensive launched in the
wake of the October 7th attack in which
some 1200 people were killed and 253
taken hostage has displaced most of
gaza's population the offensive left
many homes and civilian infrastructure
in Ruins and even caused shortage of
food water and
Medicine Aid groups and other un
agencies have urged donors to keep
supporting the unrwa with the head of
the World Health Organization warning
that defunding would have catastrophic
consequences for the people of
Gaza and to see how the nutritional
status of people in Gaza has gone down
and down and down they are desperate uh
we talk about desperate uh people taking
food off trucks what would you do in
that situation your family is starving
you're starving this is a population
that is starving to death this is a
population that is being pushed to the
brink um and they are not parties to
this conflict and that is at the core of
this now Israeli officials have long
called for the agency to be dismantled
they argued that its mission is Obsolete
and fosters anti-israeli sentiment
however the unrwa has denied these
allegations the unrwa is the largest
humanitarian organization in Gaza of its
13,000 staff over 3,000 continue working
they are the backbone of the
humanitarian Aid operations the
organization provides assistance to
Palestine refugees in the Gaza Strip
West Bank Jordan Lebanon and
Syria
[Music]