after US President Joe Biden has asked
Israel to also exercise caution and
think about the Palestinians who are
having to flee their land now the
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has convened an emergency
meeting what does he say in that meeting
the underline point that he makes is
that dismantling Hamas is the prime
objective of Israel at the moment and
they are going to be continuing to do
that whatever it takes at least that is
the word that's coming out of this
emergency meeting that's been convened
by the Israeli Prime Minister abishek
how does one look at this
statement well again as we have been
discussing that the US is mobilizing its
massive assist along Israel we have seen
Gerard the largest US Neville Fleet
moving in Mediterranean Sea and there
are reports also that some of the
flighter Jets uh situated on the the the
the state is also flying in the Israeli
sky and probably they are either
supporting Israel through Recon or
probably they are also trying to uh you
know pound some of the ammunition on
Gaza but these are the reports which has
not been confirmed but we do know that
it's just uh the the the US assets are
just a few minutes uh from the place
where the fight is on and most of the
Israeli uh Israel has trying to you know
dominate the locations of Hamas know
militant or terrorists in Gaza Strip and
in that context we should see that when
us has said that they will go to any
extent possible to ensure all kind of
help support uh be it in weapons
financial assistance uh nval assistance
or or anything or the Diplomatic or the
geopolitical assistance around the
region that is also to deter any
incoming threat of other countries in
the region circling Israel joining the
fight on the side of Hamas against
Israel so that is something that Biden
Administration would not like to have
right now because they they hugely
invested and engaged in Russia Ukraine
war as well so they would not like the
front to open and that is in a way to
ensure that the situation while is
fought against Hamas it does not you
know still over in a larger geopolitical
fight in and around Israel as well
absolutely all right