in Gaza tonight a tentative ceasefire
that everyone hoped would hold has come
and gone this is what it looked like
over the region today as Israeli Jets
bombarded the already battered coastal
strip it's in response to more rocket
fire from Hamas as yoruba reports the
militant group insists if demands are
not being met across the gaza skyline
plumes of dark smoke marked the spots
where Israeli air strikes exploded more
than 20 targets were hit this footage
from the Israeli military showing a
strike against what it says were
suspected terrorists other targets
mosques Hamas warehouses and training
sites Israel's bombardment comes after
hamas resumed firing rockets just before
a 72-hour truce expired the renewed
fighting a blow to Egyptian led efforts
to negotiate a more permanent ceasefire
da-da-da-da-da-da the Israeli delegation
has not provided a response to the
Palestinian demands as this Hamas
spokesman the ball is in Israel's court
and we are prepared for all options but
israel says there is a clear road to
peace hamas only needs to do one thing
and one thing only and that is to
renounce terror why is it that they
don't Palestinians picked through the
rubble of a mosque blown apart by an
Israeli strike three bodies were found
in the ruins amid the destruction
defiance oh my god I ladakh 11 we live
now in a big prison says this Gaza
resident the only way to meet our
demands is to open the border but not
another man says we have lost our women
children homes so we demand the
resistance keep negotiating until we get
our rights and that defiance is seen on
the streets of Gaza Palestinian boys
hurling rocks at Israeli soldiers who
returned fire and this anger further
fueled by funerals for the victims in
the southern gaza strip a procession
carried the bodies of three boys to age
12 reports say they were killed while in
the street outside their home
jarboe global news and as if to
underscore that point there were rallies
and major cities around the world today
to support the people of Gaza
pro-palestinian demonstrators gathered
in the streets of London today they say
Israel must be held accountable for the
highest civilian death toll in Gaza
israel says it must protect its citizens
from incessant Hamas rockets