as I mentioned Hamas threatened to
execute an Israeli hostage each time an
Israeli air strike lashes gazen
civilians the Israeli militaries
continue to attack Hamas Targets in Gaza
after Israel authorities also have
blocked deliveries of food and water
supply into the already blocked Gaza
Enclave our next repor is all the
details take a
look residents are seen running for
cover as Israeli air strikes continued
to pound the Gaza Strip on Monday as
Israel pressed on with its most
intensive retaliatory strikes ever the
Israeli military said it had called up
an unprecedented 300,000 reservists and
was imposing a total blockade of the
Gaza Strip it's a sign Israel may be
planning a ground assault in response to
the devastating weekend attack by Hamas
gunman hundreds of people have been
killed by both sides in days of violence
after hours of intense bombardment by
Israeli
Jets Hamas said it would execute an
Israeli captive if civilian houses were
bombed without
warning earlier in the day at the
jabalia refugee camp in Northern Gaza
men pulled injured victims from the
still smoldering remains of bombed
buildings that air strike killed and
wounded dozens according to the
territory's health Ministry
this 30-year-old Israeli survived
Saturday's attack on a music festival
where hundreds were killed by Hamas
gunman it's really living hell never
seen something like this I've been in a
Wars in two Wars in my life and never
seen seen anything like this bu is all
places for the
slaughter A source told ruers Qatari
mediators have held urgent calls to try
to negotiate freedom for Israeli women
and children seized in exchange for the
release of 36 Palestinian women and
children from Israel's
prisons Theon is now available in your
country download the app now get all the
news on the move