in the arrivals Hall of Tel aviv's
benorian airport one group of passengers
is particularly eagerly awaited 48
Indian migrant workers the first flown
into Israel under a new scheme set up
since the start of the war ever since
October the 7th most Palestinian workers
have been barred your here
yes Bish is from garat Province and
previously worked in Dubai but jumped at
this opportunity which should pay three
times times
more in Israel the people seem nicer the
salaries
too the war in Israel has become less
present this country is powerful and we
aren
scared fresh off the plane the Indians
are set up with bank accounts and
Israeli SIM cards before being taken
away by recruiters they're highly in
demand the government hopes to bring in
20,000 workers from India by the end of
March but bureaucratic sluggishness
means the process isn't quick enough for
Israeli Constructors building sits
across this fast growing country Li
Frozen and a huge economic sector is in
crisis anger is boiling over at this
Constructor conference in Tel
Aviv you can see us we don't have the
oxygen to survive you're talking about
bringing in workers from Sri Lanka and
elsewhere I will already have shut up
shop by
then doesn't matter where they will come
from they can come as aliens from the
Moon as Palestinian from the Palestinian
Authority or the foreign employees from
India Sri Lanka usbekistan Vietnam the
what we are need at the moment are
Manpower people that will come and will
rise again the Rhythm that we are
building Israel more than 100,000
Palestinian workers used to cross into
Israel daily from the occupied West Bank
now the checkpoints are closed leaving
many families struggling to make ends
meet surviving on credit
the workers are unemployed and haven't
had any money coming in for 5 months so
they're racking up debts a th000 or
2,000 shkel look at this one here for
example he's up to 3,000 shekels
now the Indians are taking the place of
us Arabs it's impacting us before our
workers went to Israel and money was
coming in now it's bad we've got nothing
the streets are empty
as the months pass since October the 7th
its economic impact is only just
beginning to
bite