good to see you since fighting started
on October the 7th the US Secretary of
State has visited Arab states and Israel
trying to gauge opinion on the best way
forward though publicly encouraged
turkey A's participation in the talks
and has regularly made statements like
this Israel has the right indeed it has
the obligation to defend itself against
these attacks from Hamas and to try to
do what it can to make sure that this
never happens again as I said in Tel
Aviv as President Biden has said the way
that Israel does this matters uh needs
to do it in a way that affirms uh the
shared values that we have for human
life and human dignity taking every
possible precaution to avoid harming
civilians but latest attacks like this
one on a refugee camp in Gaza in which
Israel killed almost 200 people
ostensibly in pursuit of a single Hamas
Commander have increased criticism about
whether it really is taking every
precaution it's prompted harsher
criticism of the US and the west by the
Turkish president after the fighting
started he initially offered to mediate
but made his feelings known at a recent
rally in Istanbul after growing angry at
the increasing Palestinian death
toll we leave aside some voices of
conscience whose voices cannot be
tolerated even in their own homes the
massacre Gaza is the work of the West as
a
whole attempts have already been made to
bring an end to the fighting and
International Conference was held in
Egypt just a few days into the conflict
but with little success turkey a has its
own proposals for a settlement between
Israel and Palestine which it's been
sharing with other countries with
influence in the region the plan
involves an international Summit with
other states acting as guarantors taking
some responsibility for peace and
Security in the region but it's still
not clear if this meeting can take place
and unless the differences between the
United States and Turkey a can be
overcome that in itself could create
another obstacle Andrew Hopkins trt
World
[Music]
anchor