overseas to the war in Gaza as more than
2 million people there prepare to Mark
the Muslim H holy month of Ramadan and
there's still no ceasefire inight
between Hamas and Israel and according
to the UN a quarter of the population
there is facing starvation ABC's Tom
Sufi bur joins us live from Jerusalem
this morning with the latest good
morning
Tom good morning Jan yeah the beginning
of the Holy Muslim month of Ramadan is
just hours away and with no Ceasar deal
in place in Gaza heightened Israeli
security expected here in Jerusalem and
around the alaxa mosque The Shake in
charge of that Holy site this morning
telling me emphasizing Ramadan is about
peace calling on the Israeli Security
Services to allow free access for
worshippers to pray inside that Holy
site President Biden this week warning
it could be quote very dangerous here in
Jerusalem without a ceasefire agreement
in place this is a US military logistics
vessel setting sail from its base in
Virginia heading for the Eastern
Mediterranean off the coast of Gaza lest
than 36 hours after President Biden
announced his emergency military P plan
to build a temporary Pier off the coast
of Gaza for shipments of humanitarian
Aid now it will take weeks for US troops
to set that Pier up but in the meantime
a Spanish vessel full of supplies from
American charity World Central Kitchen
is set to depart Cyprus this weekend for
Gaza it comes after the latest us
airdrop of Aid into the strip amid un
warnings of potential famine in the
north of Gaza
okay Tom thank you for your
reporting hi everyone George
Stephanopoulos here thanks for checking
out the ABC News YouTube channel if
you'd like to get more vide show
highlights and watch live event coverage
click on the right over here to
subscribe to our Channel and don't
forget to download the ABC News app for
breaking news alerts thanks for
watching