Israel launched its latest military
offensive a week ago on July the 8th
since then more than 170 Palestinians
have been killed most of them civilians
at least 1,200 have been wounded over
the same period almost 800 Palestinian
Rockets have hit Israel another 200 have
been intercepted some Israelis have been
injured but so far no one has been
killed just how this latest escalation
came about is inevitably the subject of
debate but a climate of heightened
tension was created by the kidnapping
and killing of three young Israelis in
the West Bank and a young Palestinian in
Jerusalem the political environment was
already poisonous 8 months of us
sponsored diplomacy had collapsed and
Israel had condemned an effort by the
two main Palestinian factions fat and
Hamas to patch up their own bitter Feud
as for Gaza well it's been under a
severe military and economic blockade
ever since Hamas took control in
2007 Israel allows in humanitarian
supplies including food and fuel and
says the blockade is vital for its own
security Aid agencies say it keeps most
of the Gaza strips 1.8 million
Palestinians living in poverty and
remember more than half of these people
are already refugees the role of Egypt
is vital in all this while the Muslim
Brotherhood was in power in Cairo it
opened its own Border Crossing into Gaza
and allowed Smugglers to use hundreds of
tunnels below it but the new government
of President Abdul fatah Ali is much
less sympathetic to Hamas The Crossing
is largely closed most of the tunnels
have been destroyed and if the events of
the past week feel very familiar that's
because we've been here before this is
the third substantial Israeli assault on
the Gaza Strip in recent years all
launched with the same stated purpose to
stop the Rockets in December 2008 it
launched operation cast Le which
included a major ground offensive four
years later came operation pillar of
defense this time Israeli forces did not
invade the latest operation is called
protective Edge the Army stands poised
to enter the Gaza Strip but the order to
go in on mass has not yet been given