I'm being joined by Dr fa iadi he's
associate professor faculty of world
studies University of tan in Iran uh
thank you sir for joining us at this
moment I want to understand from you is
there uh now an uh you know expectation
of massive escalation not only the
retaliation of Israel uh in Gaza Strip
but also in Lebanon and possibly in some
way uh the in Iran as
well Iran is proud of supporting the
Palestinian cause Iran has been
supporting Palestinian cause since the
victory of the Islamic revolution in
1979 supporting Palestinians is one of
the principles of Iran's foreign policy
and the support is not just rhetoric
support is with military aid with
missiles with bullets the Palestinians
have been negotiating with the occupiers
of Palestine for many decades without
not any results you cannot create a cage
in the West Bank and put more than two
million people in Gaza and West Bank and
expect not to see resistance under
international law the people who are
occupied have the right to resist
militarily and this is what Palestinians
are doing and Iran is proud of
supporting Palestinians with military
aid Iran as uh using the Hamas as their
puppet in this fight against uh uh
Israel and also because there have been
uh you know renewed uh uh treaties and
closeness of Israel with the Middle
Eastern countries including Saudi Arabia
is that the reason a strategic reason
for
this Hamas is an ally of Iran we have
this uh access of
resistance puppet is not the proper term
for uh having a group of people who are
resisting uh occupation
not very polite it's not a polite term I
suggest you use language that is neutral
if you call Hamas a puppet of Iran you
can call Israel the puppet of the United
States and you can say things about
India and puppets that maybe around that
country right the whole uh my my
question was because that's the context
that at least United States and all
other countries are putting it but thank
you so much for putting your views on
this uh in context with as far as Iran
is concerned