as the number of casualties in the
Israel Hamas conflict continues to climb
the US has reiterated its support for
Israel the US secretor St is to visit
Middle East countries as Wasing
Washington looks to apply pressure on
Hamas moonan
reports the death toes in the fighting
between Israel and Hamas continue to
rise following the Hamas attacks on
Israel last Saturday Israel has launched
thousands of air strikes on the Gaza STP
with the Israeli defense minister saying
that they would wipe herass off the face
of the Earth as of Thursday local time
the death toll in Israel has come to
around
1,300 while Gaza authorities reported
that the number of deaths in the Gaza
Strip came to over
1,400 including injuries on either side
the number of those who have been
injured or killed has breached the
10,000 Mark amid the conflict the United
States delivered a message of solidarity
through at Secretary of State during his
visit to Israel you may be strong enough
on your own to defend yourself but as
long as America exists you will never
ever have to we will always be there by
your side Anthony blinkin is due to
continue his tour of the Middle East by
visiting Qatar Saudi Arabia and the
United Arab Emirates in a bid to put
further pressure on Hamas to release the
hostages taken on Saturday with at least
25 Americans reported to be killed in
the Hamas attacks the US is ramping up
its support with plans to provide more
monetary funding as well as preparing a
visit to Tel Avie from his defense
secretary Lloyd Austin on Friday in
addition to showing support for its
allies the Biden Administration has also
stopped Iran from accessing the6 billion
US of Frozen Iranian money from banks in
South Korea in its deal for the release
of American citizens a few weeks ago
crude oil exports from Iran may also
face sanctions from Washington to cost
of Revenue after it reportedly provided
Hamas with weapons and military training
while NATO officials have said that they
do not expect the alliance to become
directly involved many countries other
than the US have offered Israel military
aid following a meeting between defense
Chiefs on Thursday mang news