let's go overseas now to the newest
signs that the war between Israel and
Hamas is widening Pakistan is the latest
country to get caught up in all this
violence blaming Iran for quote
unprovoked attack on its territory Chris
livay has more from Israel where Iran's
activities are drawing close
attention houy militants celebrating
even dancing aboard the cargo ship They
seized off the coast of Yemen in the Red
Sea disrupting global trade and upending
global
stability for months the armed militants
have been attacking Merchant ships and
the US military there to protect them
and what they claim is opposition to the
war in Gaza and America's support of
Israel they're also known proxies of
Iran last week US Navy Seals raided a
vessel headed for the houthis in Yemen
inside they found Advanced Weaponry from
Iran two Navy Seals fell overboard and
remain
missing in an alarming turn hostilities
are now boiling over into the greater
Middle East with Iran launching attacks
in Iraq Syria and Pakistan in the last
two
days dizzying flash points that risk
spiraling even further out of
control sparked by the Hamas Massacre on
October 7th and Israel's devastating
counter offensive in
Gaza my house was bombed and I fled here
without bringing anything with me not
even money says yusf Abu isak we need
food F bread and blankets and more is
now on the way a deal has just been
brokered between Israel and Hamas to
deliver additional Aid to Palestinians
in exchange for medicine to Israeli
hostages more than 130 remain in Hamas
captivity now it was Qatar that helped
broker that deal the same country who
late last year helped broker a ceasefire
between Israel and Hamas that also led
to the release of some Israeli hostages
in exchange for Palestinian Prisoners
the hope is that there will now be more
of the same before this regional
conflict risks exploding into something
much bigger throughout the Middle East
Nate Chris lip and Tel Aviv thank you