European leaders managed to unite around
protection for ukrainians now leaders
are looking for consensus on civilian
lives in Gaza Israel has the right to
defend not to Revenge the European Union
foreign policy Chief has aggressively
and repeatedly called on Israel to do
more to protect civilians and permit
more Aid to enter
Gaza America's top Diplomat is meeting
with middle eastern leaders selling a
draft ceasefire resolution it's
submitted to the United Nations security
Council the US vetoed three previous
Council resolutions the difference this
time seems to be the temporary ceasefire
is linked to the return of hostages more
than 100 Israeli hostages are believed
to be held in Gaza captured following
the deadly October 7th attacks
orchestrated by Hamas in an interview
with an Arab Network Anthony blinkin
sounded confident a new temporary
ceasefire would be a ched we worked very
hard to put a strong proposal on the
table we did that Hamas wouldn't accept
it they came back with uh other uh
requests other other demands the
negotiators are working on that right
now but I believe it's very much doable
Israel launched fresh ground in air
assaults on Gaza Thursday the Israeli
government says a delegation will go to
Doha Friday for talks but author gu ziv
says peace will do little for prime
minister Benjamin netanyahu's career
what we're seeing today is a Netanyahu
who is in deep political trouble uh he
has lost a tremendous amount of support
so it is in his interest to continue
this
war in a national TV address Wednesday
the Israeli Prime Minister said he
approved military plans to enter Rafa
and told the American president the
operation was happening Crystal ganing
Global News London