12 more hostages were released by Hamas
on Tuesday in their ongoing ceasefire
with Israeli
forces Israel's military confirmed that
10 Israeli citizens and two foreign
Nationals were on its territory this
Hamas video is said to show the Handover
to the Red Cross 30 Palestinian
prisoners were released by Israel in
exchange this began as a 4-day truce was
extended to 6 days and now it's possible
that it could stretch even further a
source has told Reuters that the heads
of the CIA and Israeli intelligence met
with cotter's prime minister in Doha
over what was described as the next
phase of a potential deal Egyptian
officials were also present the total
number of hostages released by Hamas
stands at 81 as of
Tuesday the 60 Israelis freed are all
women and children the reun unions have
been tearful and joyous for some
families on both sides others don't know
the fate of their loved
ones maybe it's part of a psychological
war against us I have no idea um it's
working really good because the last
four days has been completely nightmare
for us ofri bibas has been pressing for
the return of her brother's family which
includes the youngest of those taken by
the islamist militants cfir bibas is
only 10 months old my only brother
was kidnapped with his entire family
from their home in new o and the seventh
um his wife Sheri and two boys um today
h not today the reason we are talking to
you today is because tomorrow is the
last day of the Curren is fire and the
current deal that Israeli have for
releasing hostages
hostages um and they are still still not
be they still haven't been released
Israel has said it's open to continuing
the extended ceasefire further if Hamas
continues to release at least 10
hostages per day but with dwindling
numbers of women and children in
captivity extending it Beyond Wednesday
may require Hamas to release some male
hostages for the first
time