a well trodden path for Anthony blinken
this is the sixth visit the US Secretary
of State has made to the Middle East
since the war in Gaza began his aims a
little different now than from his first
trip back in
October the purpose is multifold it's of
course to uh push for an agreement on a
ceasefire and the release of hostages as
you know we're intensely engaged on that
uh every single day and we're doing
everything we can to push that forward
and to uh
but with each visit the stakes have been
raised by events on the ground in Gaza
on the eve of his latest Mission an
Israeli air strike killed more than two
dozen
Palestinians the US is urging Israel to
show restraint above all it's asking it
to call off plans for a ground assault
in Rafa where half of the enclaves
population is
Sheltering but the Israelis are
determined to go
ahead
in the beginning I told President Biden
Hamas can't be defeated without entering
the Gaza Strip in our last conversation
I told him it would be impossible to
complete the victory without entering
Rafa in order to eliminate the rest of
the Hamas battalions we will do the same
this time it's a comment that suggests
the chances of a Ceasar are remote Hamas
leaders appear equally pessimistic about
the current state of
negotiations
the occupation's response was negative
in general and does not respond to the
demands of our people and the resistance
in fact it retracts the approvals it
previously provided which all suggests
Anthony blinken May struggle to achieve
anything
tangible but the US Administration is
too deeply involved in this conflict to
give up on its attempts to resolve it
John brain trt world