in beut t El Ramadan preparations and
Decor are hard to miss but hard to come
by is the spirit that usually goes with
the lights and sweets as Lebanon
observes its fifth holy month in
economic
crisis Israel is always like this we got
used to it our country got used to the
war we have no choice but to be patient
you see the situation the economic
conditions are so bad and the is making
them
worse on the minds of many is the
onslaught on Gaza both because people
here have long been in support of
Palestine and because the war has found
its way into Lebanese
territory Ramadan Ramadan is not the
same as before beut is a city of
resistance and we stand with Gaza we
pray and we stand in solidarity and we
feel their hunger in beut every Lebanese
or Palestinian no matter his religion
stands with Gaza for Lebanese there's no
one thing that makes this Ramadan so
difficult since 2019 the local currency
has lost over 98% of its value sending
huge segments of the population into
poverty but that Financial instability
has also been matched with political
instability forcing NOS to fill in the
gaps we have the health department
social Department education special
education department Department for the
refugees depart for the migrant so we
are working to support our existence in
Lebanon when we enter in the houses at
homes we find that many people are
suffering in silence and they are new
poor in the beginning of the crisis they
came here to us to give us
donation now they are here but to ask
help a November 2022 report by Mercy
core calls Lebanon the most remittance
dependent country on the planet and
those remittances Abu says are key
inside of Lebanon we are four millions
outsite of Lebanon we are 12
millions and now the Lebanese diaspora
is like the oxygen for the lianes as if
thought approaches the sun sets on yet
another day of uncertainty in Le on
tomorrow could see War perhaps the final
collapse of what many already call a
failed state but tonight at least we'll
see family and Faith two things people
here say no war or crisis can take away
prani trt world
[Music]
beut