[Music]
call
for
[Applause]
for
[Applause]
[Applause]
h
[Applause]
[Applause]
mus
[Applause]
[Applause]
for
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
bad
just now up of thousand yeah casualties
all of them of civilians who were
displaced from the north and they they
have nowhere to go except to be in the
garden and the yard of the hospital
totally were killed so I ask president
AB
topond or to to cancel his meeting with
Biden and to come back and when Biden
will enforce Israel to stop its
aggression he can meet with them after
that there's no there there should not
be any talk with the partner of the
[Applause]
aggression
[Music]
[Music]
children free free Palestine free
pales what Palestinians need right now
is an immediate end of the farming
campaign and an immediate end of the
blockade and Siege of
[Applause]
resda we also call on Canada because
Canada is not only complicit but has
been openly supportive of this genocide
that Israel is
committing
we will continue to struggle for justice
and we will
win free free free palese free freeee
free free palese free free we will end
with a Dua for all of our Martyrs in
today
everyone I want to thank you all I want
to thank everyone who come who came here
to support the C to the support the
Justice to support our brothers sisters
and kids in
Gaza
[Applause]
don't you
cry don't you cry will never join pal
will never join J Jud you will see J Jud
you will see J J you will see you
Palestine will be free Palestine will be
free nothing
you will see you will
see down with occupation up up with
Liberation up up with Liberation down
with
occupation with
occation
[Music]
mik
check mic
cheuck if y'all could please repeat
after
me it is our duty to fight for our
freedom it is our duty to fight for our
freedom it is our duty to win it is our
duty to win we must love each other we
must love each other and support each
other and support each other we have
nothing to lose but our chain we have
nothing to lose but our
chain
OCC
isied
isus