so how it happened I don't know all I
know is that we had to pack SEMA Tuan
gandor was 17 years old when she along
with her mother and brother were forced
to flee Jerusalem in 1948 during what
Palestinians like her refer to as the
first NABA or catastrophe I remember my
mother crying that is something that
hits me until today she was miserable
she was very un unhappy she remained
unhappy and I think it went on for all
for the rest of her life being unhappy
today age 92 she's again fled her home
temporarily in London after leaving
bayut worried about another unfolding
disaster for Palestinians so what do you
make of what's happening right now it's
uh it makes you
cry this is
inhuman but not not to that extent we
never had hatred for
anybody ever SEMA remembers her youth
vividly first under the British and then
up until 1948 when the state of Israel
was created so what was life like back
then we used to be in that big house in
Jaffa and play in the it was in an
Orange Grove Orange Grove and there was
a big garden and we used to be a big
family and play very very happy
childhood sea story is not unique in
1948 some 700 thousand Palestinian Arabs
were reportedly forced to flee their
homes abandoning places where
generations of families had lived we
never talked much about what happened
this is It's Not only us it's whole
Palestinian population never never I
don't know why and uh and life went on
but but with the hope that we will go
back SEMA is one of the founders in
inash established in 1969 with the
mission to preserve traditional
embroidery as a living Heritage of
Palestine we revive at the culture and
we still hope to go back you know and I
don't think we'll ever give it up and
not I I won't go back I won't be there I
won't be here but others will go back we
will go back there's not one Palestinian
who doesn't want to go back what SEMA
once knew as Palestine has long since
changed what's left of it after what is
now being called the next NABA SEMA and
others like her may not recognize nice
at all Jo Flyn trt World in London I
don't know it is it's amazing
[Music]
you