on the Middle East as well his buah has
worn an attack on lebanon's Capital
killing a senior Hamas official will not
pass without punishment Hamas claims
Israel is behind the Drone attack which
killed the deputy head of its political
Bureau Israel's not officially claimed
responsibility but said it's at a high
level of Readiness for retaliation uh
Alistar is standing by for us this
morning did Israel do it do you think
Ali well I don't think anyone in the
region thinks it is anyone other than
the Israelis Israelis don't often uh
claim responsibility for high level
assassinations like this but Salah alori
had been on their Wanted list for many
years and it would look as though Israel
has killed the most senior Hamas
Commander during this war so far the
fact that it has happened in the center
of Beirut the Lebanese Capital means
that we are now in a very precarious
situation now Hezbollah have not wanted
to escalate into a full-blown war with
Israel so far we've seen a lot of
crossborder skirmishes a lot of Rocket
fire going between Lebanon and Israel
but it has been contained to the Border
regions so far but this does uh put
pressure I think on Hezbollah to respond
given that it happened in a part of
Beirut uh that is controlled by
Hezbollah the Israelis as we said
they're not claiming responsibility for
it but they are trying to make the point
that this was an attack very clearly
targeted at Hamas not at Hezbollah uh
there intelligence reports to suggest
that uh the air strike uh was held back
until everybody who was not a member of
Hamas uh had left the area and so it
will be hoped by Israel and by others uh
that Hezbollah are restrain from
carrying out any retaliatory attacks uh
because this was not an attack on
Hezbollah it was not an attack on
Lebanon but it was an attack on Hamas
however when you've got an assassination
like this of a very senior Hamas
Commander the deputy head of its
political Wing uh the head of its or
deao head of its uh West Bank operation
uh what is already a very fragile
situation uh could get much more
dangerous