and as we speak the sheer number of dead
bodies continue to mount in Gaza the
death toll in the war tone Enclave has
surpassed 30,000 and Rafa funeral
services for those who lost their lives
took place on Sunday 14 people were
killed by an air strike that flattened
their homes in the waning hours of
Saturday born a few weeks into the Gaza
War infant Twins vizam and Naim abuan
were also among the ones who were
buried my son is still under the trouble
my brother-in-law was martyred along
with his two children he waited for them
for 16 years his wife had fertilization
IVF more than once they died many are
still trapped under the rubble of runes
in gaza's southern Mo City Palestinian
civil defense released a video showing
Crews conducting rescue oper operations
after air strikes on
[Music]
Rafa meanwhile the United States carried
out its first humanitarian air drops
over the weekend US military planes
delivered more than 38,000 Ms into a
territory where the United Nations says
over half a million people are one step
away from famine conditions however
critics and Aid agencies claim that it
is extremely difficult to ensure that
air drops do not end up in the hands of
Hamas militants well as Israel pursues
its war with Hamas experts claim that
being forced to costly and inefficient
air drops it just shows Washington's
limited influence over Israel
we have Crossings it is better to send
Aid via Crossings and better than
dropping wire parachutes the parachutes
Aid is not enough for one family this is
nothing Egypt should open its Crossing
and let trucks get in
normally calls for a ceas fire in Gaza
are echoing across the globe hands off
Rafa rallies are being held in cities
worldwide demonstrators in Washington DC
called on the US to end its military aid
to Israel and push for a permanent
ceasefire in Gaza the immediate focus is
the Rafa City where Israel has warned
that it will launch a ground offensive
in the coming few
[Music]
days from the sea to the
[Music]
river