the United Nations security Council on
Friday turned down a us-led resolution
calling for a ceasefire in Gaza and an
Israel Hamas hostage deal after Russia
and China vetoed the measure a move
White House spokesman John Kirby said
was hardly a surprise the resolution
called for an immediate ceasefire
lasting roughly 6 weeks that would
protect civilians and allow for the
delivery of humanitarian assistance 11
of the 15 member Council voted for the
resolution the vast majority of this
Council voted in favor of this
resolution but unfortunately Russia and
China decided to exercise its veto US
ambassador Linda Thomas Greenfield told
the security Council that the two
Nations had cynical and Petty reasons
saying they opposed the resolution
simply because it was penned by the US
and criticized both countries for not
condemning hamas's October 7th attack on
Israel Russian Ambassador vaselina benia
said the resolution was exceedingly
politicized and mained an effective
green light for Israel to mount a
military operation in Rafa a city in
southern Gaza where more than a million
Palestinians have been Sheltering in
makeshift tents Jang Jun China's
Ambassador said the US resolution fell
short of Expectations by only setting
preconditions for a ceasefire and echoed
Russia's comments the US has wanted any
Security Council support for a ceasefire
to be linked to the release of hostages
held by Hamas in Gaza vetoing three
previous ceasefire resolutions put
forward by the council Friday was the
first time Washington had backed a text
with the word ceasefire in it reflecting
a toughening of the Biden Administration
stand toward Israel the council will
reconvene on Saturday morning to vote on
an alternative resolution drafted by
elected members of the security Council
diplomats said