now more Gaza hostages were freed on
Wednesday and Israel said that the
temporary truth with the Hamas militant
group will continue as mediator efforts
are ongoing 10 Israeli hostages arrived
back in Israel among them five women
three children and two 18-year-old
[Music]
men
another four th hostages were also
released along with two women holding
dueled Russian and Israeli citizenship
outside the terms of the deal now the
release of the two women was described
by Hamas as in recognition of the
efforts of Russian President Vladimir
Putin and in return according to the Kat
foreign Ministry Israel released 30
Palestinians 14 women and 16 minors
alongside emotional reunions there were
fresh reminders of the tragic Stakes of
the
[Applause]
conflict
Israel's Army stated it was probing a
report by Hamas that a 10-month-old baby
hostage his 4-year-old brother and their
mother had all been killed in bombing in
Gaza in a statement it is said that it's
assessing the accuracy of the
information with tensions High the
Palestinian Health Ministry in the West
Bank stated that the Israeli Army shot
and killed an 80-year-old boy and a
teenager now the military said that the
troops had responded with life fire
after explosive devices had been hled at
them
now the world food program has warned
gaza's population that faces a high risk
of famine if the humanitarian
organization is not able to provide
continued access to food the
spokesperson for the hamran territor
health Ministry said that the doctors
found five premature babies dead in Gaza
City's al- Naser
[Music]
Hospital
[Music]
now according to un an estimated 1.7
million pal Palestinians in Gaza have
been forced to leave their H so far and
more than half the territory's
[Music]
population
[Music]