as Israel continues to pound what it
says are Hamas Targets in Gaza including
this school run by the UN Agency for
Palestinian refugees known as unra
humanitarian Aid to Palestinian
civilians is more essential than ever
but the two largest donors to the Andra
the United States and Germany have
suspended their aid along with 14 other
donor countries ad document allegedly
circulated by Israel said that 12 anra
employees took part in the deadly
October 7th attack in which Hamas
terrorist killed 1,200 people and took
another 253 people captive in Gaza anr's
communications director Tamara alifi
responded we have
33,000 people most of them all of them
almost are very hardworking very
committed they have been in the agency
for many years and so it's extremely
important for us to really have an
independent investigation into these
specific individual cases that Israel
brought to our attention at the United
Nations on Wednesday us Envoy lenda
Thomas Greenfield had this to say I know
that we need to see fundamental uh
changes before we can resume providing
uh funding directly to unra and as you
know um we shouldn't let that cloud the
great work that unra does anra warns
that unless donor countries resume Aid
it may have to suspend operations in
Gaza by the end of this month un
Secretary General Antonio gutterz said
that would be catastrophic HRA is the
backbone of all humanitarian response in
Gaza I appeal to all member states to
guarantee the continuity of un's
life-saving work one expert said she
believes the UN is doing what the United
States and other donor countries have
requested so the UN is taking all of the
steps that one would expect um including
firing people investigating people um
they are doing what is needed to make
sure that the people who had anything to
do with October 7th are no longer part
of the
organization it still is the case that
unra is providing crucial life-saving
Aid when not a lot of people or
humanitarian organizations can get into
Gaza this is absolutely essential so to
suspend funding um is just uh an extreme
position the Hamas run Gaza Health
Ministry says roughly 27,000 people have
died in the Israeli military operation
against the US designated terrorist
group amas since October 7th Cindy s vaa
news