Israel's order to all Palestinians in
the northern half of the coastal strip
to move South within 24 hours is a
command issued in the name of safety and
protection it's also a recipe for what
the United Nations calls devastating
humanitarian consequences so civilians
are now caught between the Hamas ran
interior Ministry on the one hand saying
that don't respond to the order to move
calling it psychological warfare and the
Israelis on the other hand saying move
for the protection of your lives and
it's the civilians and the ordinary
people of Gaza that are caught in the
middle of all of this if you really
think about it it's not even possible to
move more than 1 million people in a day
when roads are broken bombs are falling
homes are destroyed while the elderly
and the ill need help and one of the
world's most densely populated pieces of
land would become utterly uninhabitable
as it's already now asking 1.1 million
people to leave their homes within 24
hours would actually involve moving
40,000 people per hour the United United
Nations says this order included
everyone also those sheltered in un
facilities including schools and health
centers that's why they've urged the
Israelis to withdraw the announcement
saying that it would lead to Calamity
now under pressure from its closest
allies including the United States
Israel wants to be seen to be taking
precautions to limit civilian suffering
as its military operations intensify and
one of its main targets now is hamas's
underground tunnels but destroying them
means smashing residential areas which
are above ground gazin who are terrified
by Non-Stop bombardment and the agony of
diminishing food and fuel are now
bombarded by a demand from Israel to go
and messages from Hamas telling them to
stay and it's tragic that people with a
history of being pushed from their homes
from one war to the next know that any
temporary movements become permanent you
will be able to return to Gaza City only
when another announcement permitting it
is made do not appro approach the area
of the security fence with the state of
Israel following days the IDF will
continue to operate with significant
force in Gaza City we understand that
this will take time it's not an easy
process but we uh have issued this
guidance and the aim of the evacuation
is simply to save
lives