Hamas has released two more hostages
both elderly Israeli women on
humanitarian and health grounds the
release was reportedly secured an
Egyptian and after Egyptian and Kat
mediation that is the hostage is that is
79y old nurit Koopa and 85-year-old
yosid livitz were taken out of Gaza at
the Rafa Crossing into Egypt where they
were put into
ambulances the women and their husbands
were taken hostage at the attack on
kibuts the husbands are still in Hamas
captivity expressing their his happiness
over his return home the grandson
grandson of livshitz hoped that more and
more hostages would now be
released we are very emotional and happy
of the formal announcement that my
grandmother yoshit lifshitz and nit
Cooper both of them from kibuts near o
are coming back to us due to a
humanitarian act and I'm very excited as
we all are here expecting them and
expecting more improvements to all of
the captives from kibuts and in general
and we hope that she is okay and in good
health and we will go and see
[Music]
her with the release of these two women
Hamas has so far set free four hostages
the militant group had released an
American mother and daughter on Friday
all four are among over 200 people taken
hostage in the October 7th attack by
Hamas meanwhile unconfirmed Reports say
that Hamas might be considering the
release of hostages with dual
nationalities remember 50 such hostages
are being held by Hamas meanwhile US
President Joe Biden said that there will
be no talks of a Gaza ceasefire till all
hostages are
freed have a ceas fire
should a former Hamas leader said the
group is willing to release all hostages
if Israel stops its aggression on the
Gaza
Strip we on world is one is now
available in your country download the
app now and get all the news updates on
the move