now over in Gaza dozens of people have
been killed in intense Israeli strikes
on conun the latest offense comes as a
group of five Arab countries are looking
to strike a peace deal between Israel
and Hamas y
jmore despite Israel stating that it had
shifted to low intensity offensives in
Gaza its military on Monday conducted
intense air strikes in conun in southern
Gaza which left dozens dead there was
also fighting on the ground between
Israeli soldiers and Hamas Fighters with
residents saying that tanks had
surrounded a hospital and University
where thousands of displaced people were
Sheltering K Yunis has recently been the
focus of the Israeli military an area it
says is where Hamas commanders are holed
up on Sunday Israel also reported that
it had found an underground compound in
the city where it believed about 20
Israeli hostages had been held amid the
ongoing conflict a mediation plan by a
group of Arab countries to end the war
between Israel and Hamas is taking shape
according to the Wall Street Journal on
Monday five Arab Nations including Saudi
Arabia will soon reveal the framework to
Israel an official involved with the
mediation process said this latest plan
is different from the previous plan we
saw prisoners and hostages exchanged he
added that the final goal is a two-state
solution involving the establishment of
a Palestinian State the White House said
Monday that President Joe Biden still
believes in the visibility of a
two-state solution despite opposition
from Israel according to White House
National Security Council spokesman John
Kirby Biden believes there is a way to
get Israel to agree to the plan and is
optimistic about it however he stressed
that such a plan requires compromise the
European Union's foreign policy Chief
Joseph Bell on Monday also echoed the
need for a two-state solution saying
Israel's plan to destroy Hamas in Gaza
is not working ahead of talks with
Israeli and Palestinian top diplomats
Burell said Israel cannot build peace
only by military means echoing
Washington's criticism of prime minister
Benjamin netanyahu's rejection of a
two-state solution eing J adang
news