as its cabinet confirmed a declaration
of war Israel continued pounding Targets
in Gaza on Sunday in retaliation for a
surpris in cursion on its territory a
day earlier by the militant group Hamas
the US Embassy in Israel warned American
citizens that the situation continues to
be unpredictable but Washington
continues its efforts to the escalated
said Secretary of State Anthony blinkin
during an appearance on ABC's this
week's show uh I was on the phone with
the Israeli president the foreign
minister the entire government has been
engaged throughout the region and well
beyond both to uh build support for
Israel and to make sure that every
country was using whatever means it has
whatever influence it has to pull Hamas
back and also to make sure that we don't
see um conflict erupt in other areas
already more than 20,000 people have
sought shelter in schools run by the UN
Agency for Palestinian refugees meaning
meanwhile relatives of Israeli civilians
allegedly being held hostage by Hamas
visited police stations to provide DNA
samples that could Aid the
investigations Washington has also been
working on verifying reports that
Americans are among those killed or are
being held hostage by Hamas any American
anywhere who's being detained or held
hostage that is going to be a priority
for uh for this government for this
Administration details on how the
surprise attack on Israel was conducted
are still slow in coming but Republican
presidential candidate and former un
Ambassador Nikki Haley said the US can't
afford not to pay close attention even
in the middle of its own political
challenges America needs to wake up we
need to put this negativity and Division
behind us and we need to focus on
National Security for ourselves and for
our friends Republican representative
Matt Gates who recently succeeded at
outing house speaker Kevin McCarthy
appeared on NBC's Meet the Press he
expressed optimism that the subsequent
Congressional political vacuum that some
worry could delay eight packages for
Israel will be filled in the near future
I think we're actually going to come
together uh quite soon I think we've got
two great choices for its part the White
House announced that President Joe Biden
has directed additional support for
Israel and will remain in close contact
with the Israeli government alas VA news
Washington