and our top focus and newss point right
now on Monday Israeli Prime Minister
Benin Netanyahu agreed to send a team of
Israeli officials to Washington DC in a
bit to discuss with the Biden
Administration officials about a
prospective Rafa operation the White
House has been skeptical of Nathan's
plan to carry out an operation in Rafa
where about 1.5 million displaced
Palestinians are Sheltering at the
moment
our position is that hamash should not
be allowed a save Haven in Rafa or
anywhere else but a major ground
operation there would be a mistake it
would lead to more innocent civilian
deaths worsen the already dire
humanitarian crisis deepen the Anarchy
in Gaza and further isolate Israel
internationally the agreement to hold
talks about Rafa came as Biden and
Nathan yahu spoke on Monday their first
ever interaction in more than a month
well divide has grown allies over the
food crisis in Gaza and Israel's conduct
during the war White House National
Security adviser Jake Sullivan stated
that Biden questioned the Israeli leader
over a lack of coherent and sustainable
strategy to defeat
Hamas a military plan cannot succeed
without an integrated humanitarian plan
and political plan and the president has
repeatedly made the point that
continuing military operations need to
be connected to a clear strategic
endgame Republicans and Israelis were
quick to express outrage after Chuck
Schumer sharply criticized Nathan's
handling of the war and called for
Israel to hold new elections in the
country they accused the Senate majority
leader of breaking the unwritten rule
against interfering in a close allies
electoral politics Biden has not
endorsed Schumer's call for election but
said he thought he had he gave a good
speech that reflected the concerns of
many Americans salivan said nathany
raised concerns about the calls by
schuma for new elections Biden
Administration officials have warned
that they would not support an operation
in Rafa without the Israelis presenting
a credible plan to ensure the safety of
the civilians and according to the White
House officials Israel is yet to present
any such plan in the US voters on the
left are dissatisfied with Biden's
unwavering support for Israel as its
military operations in Gaza have left
more than 31,000 Palestinians
[Music]
dead