[Music]
good afternoon everyone sorry to be a
little late we have funded flow that
would provide food for 1.5 million gsin
for five months it is critical that this
flower make it to Gaza uh it is critical
that people have access to the
nourishment that it would provide and we
are engaging with the government of
Israel to try and make sure not that
flower can continue to get in not just
as a one-off shipment but over for a
sustained period over months we're a lot
late actually um I'm gonna start with
some opening comments about travel as
you know we have suspended our funding I
know other countries have done the same
I know we've done that in good faith
because we think it's important to see
the results of the investigation and
it's a legitimate thing for other
countries to want to wait and see the
results of the investigation and how
under a response that investigation as
well but of course we are always looking
at all available Alternatives we see the
legislation that that has passed in in
one branch of of Congress it is
certainly possible that that could P
pass through another branch and
ultimately be the law so of course we
look at all available alter Alternatives
because as I said it is our priority to
ensure that innocent civilians in Gaza
can continue to get humanitarian
assistance from the United States and
from other countries who want to provide
it to them we are extremely concerned
about the situation in Sagal the
political situation in Sagal in fact the
secretary spoke to the president of
Sagal this morning to uh uh reiterate
Our concern about the situation there
and and to um make quite clear that we
want to see uh elections uh continued as
they were scheduled we want to see them
take place uh as soon as
possible
[Music]
go
sayell
for
e
for
spe
foreign
spe
for
spe
spee
[Music]
speee
why
[Applause]
you're
spe