our top Focus this morning
anti-government protesters calling for a
new Israeli government blocked roads in
Tel Aviv scuffled with security forces
according to Israeli media 16 protesters
were arrested for disturbing peace in
Tel Aviv thousands of protesters also
demanded for the government to make a
deal for the 134 hostages being held in
Gaza parts of the demonstrations turned
violent with some protesters dragging
being dragged Away by the police a water
cannon was also used to try and move the
protesters off the
[Music]
highway protesters called for nanahu to
quit and demanded change in the
administration BB is now fighting
against all the world it doesn't have
the support of Biden anymore it doesn't
have the support of the Bri Britains it
doesn't have the support of French
people we need to change the government
we need to have the support of the world
now this comes as Israel's intelligence
agency mad said that despite dimming
hopes for a truce during the Muslim holy
month of Ramadan efforts to secure a
deal on a ceasefire between Israel and
Hamas and Gaza are ongoing Egypt the
United States and Qatar have been
mediating truce negotiations since
January Israel and Hamas have both
traded blame over the apparent deadlock
in the talks meanwhile 5 months into
Israel's air and ground assault on Gaza
Health authorities say that nearly
31,000 Palestinians have been killed
stepping up pressure on the last area of
Gaza Israel struck one of the largest
residential Towers in the southern city
of Rafa the 12f floor building was
damaged in the strike residents said
dozens of families were left homeless
Israel's military said that the block
was being used by Hamas to plan attacks
on Israelis Israel's offensive it's
plunged Gaza into a humanitarian
catastrophe with much of the Enclave
reduced to rubble and most of its
population displaced the military
carried out air drops in eight packages
of eight packages over the Gaza Strip
releasing 88 bundles of aid over the
northern part of the area containing
about 41,000 meals and 23,000 water
bottles some leaders are also demanding
a two-state solution Spanish prime
minister Pedro Sanchez said that he will
propose the country's Parliament to
recognize the Palestinian
[Applause]
state
for latest news download the Von app And
subscribe to our YouTube channel