Israel has allegedly hit the Border
areas of a queen ethira as it shelled
pro-iran Targets in southern Syria
during its more than a decade-long civil
war in Syria Israel has launched
hundreds of airstrikes on its territory
primarily targeting iran-backed forces
and Lebanese Hezbollah Fighters take a
look at this report
the target of the strike is a
reconnaissance point it has been
targeted before because it's said to be
used by Hezbollah and Iran to spy on
Israel
no injuries were reported in the strike
the Israel Defense Forces allegedly
dropped Flyers into the area warning the
Syrian Army not to cooperate with the
iranian-backed Hezbollah or with Iran
according to reports the flyer says we
are closely watching and aware of the
ongoing intelligence cooperation with
Hezbollah within the Syrian Army's
positions in the region including near
the Israeli border
the IDF does not usually comment on
specific strikes in Syria however Israel
has suggested that over the past 10
years it has carried out hundreds of
sorties against Iranian proxies
including Hezbollah to prevent them from
Gaining a foothold in Syria close to
Israel
earlier in April Israel's defense
minister joab Gallant warned Iran and
Hezbollah that Israel would not stand
for efforts to harm its citizens often
Israeli civilian was seriously injured
in a bomb attack in Northern Israel
two weeks ago Israel struck rocket
launchers in Syria after Rockets were
fired from Syria into Israel and a few
days ago Gallant suggested that Israel
has increased strikes in Syria in recent
months to stop Iran delivering weapons
to the region as yet there has been no
official comment on the latest incident
from Syria this is Jody Cohen for we on
world is one
thank you
[Music]