we're currently in ramala in the
occupied West Bank where Palestinians
are protesting against a recent swarm of
arrests by Israeli forces which is
almost doubled the amount of
Palestinians in Israeli prisons to over
10,000 officials say we are here to
share our uh not only solidarity with
our people in Gaza but to be part of
this battle uh because the massacres uh
that they are the the our enemy the
occupation the Israel probation doing
there in Gaza it's unbelievable it's
against all the international laws it's
it's a real Massacre and uh we want here
to share our uh considerer about what's
going on the Israeli jails our
colleagues there suffering are attacks
daily by the soldiers they are beating
them they are cutting the electricity
the water uh in the rooms uh and we are
worried after the Israelis kill two
prisoners since October 7th Israeli
forces have been increasingly targeting
Palestinians in the occupied West Bank
as arrests have surged so have reports
of detainees being mistreated
and
[Music]
uh I think there needs to be a reframing
of the political prisoners here as also
being hostages they're not any different
from the the hostages who were taken by
Hamas who the world is outraged over
these are people who were taken from
their home in the middle of the night
blindfolded beaten and now have no
access to their families or to their
lawyers so there needs to be equal
outrage globally for these thousands of
people who are living under occupation
who again and and a large portion of
whom will never be given the right to a
trial they're being H they're being
indefinitely detained so the world needs
to express as much outrage for these
political prisoners as they do for the
Israelis who were taken by
Hamas