Israeli Defense Forces have successfully
reached the tunnels in Gaza twice almost
catching hold of the top Hamas leader
Yaya Sinar according to the reports
Sinar had narrowly escaped from The
Tunnel right before the IDF managed to
reach
him now IDF spokesperson said that it
had specific information about the
tunnel where Sina was hiding however he
fled the tunnel only a few hours before
the IDF conducted The Raid local media
Outlets reported earlier that the IDF
operations have been focused around the
southern Gaza City of K Yunis this with
the primary objective of killing Yaya
Sinar now Sinar has escaped capture by
the IDF twice in recent days further
other reports also indicate that the
Hamas leader is on the move and hasn't
been staying in one place for a long
period now this Manhunt led the Israeli
troops to uncover a previous hiding
space of Muhammad Dave the commander of
hamas's military Wing earlier on Sunday
Israeli soldiers raided the vacation
home of several Hamas leaders Sinar
being one of them the IDF captured the
office of hamas's Khan Yunis Brigade
Commander this along with an underground
and Terror
infrastructure the forces also captured
the main square of bani suala which is a
superb of K
yunas now Sinar is currently believed to
be hiding in Yunis he had earlier fled
the north of the Strip by using a
humanitarian Convoy during the ongoing
conflict with Israel despite other
reports there is no confirmation of his
residence in kanones Israeli forces have
called Sina The Mastermind of the
October 7th attack which is the worst
attack that their nation has ever faced
when hundreds of Hamas gunmen crossed
the borders and rampaged through
towns now as the conflict intensifies
Israel vows to continue its operations
until reaching senior Hamas
[Music]
officials