well the US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin is on his second trip to West
Asia since Israel and Hamas went on went
to war the visit comes in the backdrop
of growing calls for a ceasefire in Gaza
as Israeli attacks have killed at least
9,700 Palestinians so far the US
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin has
departed Tel Aviv and is now on Route
tur uh as the flurry of diplomatic
visits continue earlier in the day the
US Diplomat met with the Palestinian
president mmud Abbas during an
unannounced visit to the West Bank
during his visit Lincoln has called for
a stop to quote unquote extremist
violence against Palestinians in West
Bank uh the state Secretary also
emphasized that gazin must not be
forcibly displaced meanwhile the visit
uh has been marked by demonstrations as
a number of Palestinians were seen
marching through ramala to protest
blink's
visit
[Music]
the meeting follows blink's visit uh to
Jordan where he met King Abdullah II and
Crown Prince Hussein earlier the top us
Diplomat held discussions with Arab
states on Israel's assault in Gaza
foreign Ministers of Jordan Egypt stood
alongside blinkin and repeatedly asked
for assciation of hostilities they said
that the death of thousands of civilians
could not be justified in the name of
self-defense but blinkin and the and
America have maintained that a ceasefire
would allow Hamas to
regroup it's our view that uh a
ceasefire now would simply leave Hamas
in place able to regroup and repeat what
it did on October
7th Lincoln also held a meeting with
Jordan's foreign minister who reiterated
that a call for peace is the only
solution to the conflict
uh this is not a religious War it's not
a war between Muslims and Jews this is
defined in its context and all our
values Muslim Christian Jewish all other
human values uh uh dictate that we work
for peace and we stop this madness and
we do not allow for for the very
dangerous dehumanization that we
[Music]
see