in other news Israeli politicians have
approved the formation of a unity
government between Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu and his political
rival been against its ending more than
a year of political deadlock it also
follows last night's ruling by the high
court of justice against petitions to
bar a politician with criminal charges
from forming a government Parliament has
resolved backing the coalition deal by
71 votes to 37 and the two men are
expected to be sworn in into a
power-sharing government next week let's
get more from eros McClure in Jerusalem
Aris what happens now at long last in
one week's time in fact in six days time
now after the high hurdles have been
cleared there are no objections to this
controversial government and it will be
formed and sworn in on May the 13th next
Wednesday that means that after some 15
months you know the last election was in
April that was the government was kind
of frozen before there not much is done
prior to an election it's only been a
caretaker government after 15 months
Israel will have a proper government
that can vote make decisions Parliament
makes sits and in crisis times I think
that's important now this happened
against the backdrop of a pandemic how
much of that was a factor in breaking
this political deadlock I think it was a
huge factor you could almost call this
the corona government it was the reason
that Benny Gans gave for leaving the
opposition I'll remind you that this was
the opposition to Benjamin Netanyahu
ever forming another government he left
that and said no this is the time for
unity the numbers were split pretty
evenly neither side could have formed a
government by themselves so I think we
would have seen fourth elections and
perhaps another the same results play
out but against the background but
backdrop of no government extra costs
you know people now very poor in some
parts of the country so all of that
forced the government of course the
politicians to sit together and brought
Israel to having
a government finally after 15 months
here is Meckler in Jerusalem thank you
staying in the region and