why it matters I mean actually you will
not change anything on the ground
because Israel is already occupying the
Golan Heights but it changed a lot for
the Palestinians and for the Druze
living on the Golan Heights so it
matters for the security of the region
is matters for the israeli-palestinian
conflict and actually we saw that over
the last days and with this escalation
in Gaza and do you think that the United
States is in some way trying to
influence the upcoming elections taking
place in Israel in April yes the
elections will take place in Israel in
air pool and actually what happens now
with the Golan and Gaza will have a
significance I mean it will have an
importance for therefore the campaign I
mean while mr. Netanyahu the Prime
Minister he could shorts his four-day
trip to the United States for the sake
of long term security in Israel but why
do you think that he did that he did
that because he has to come back I mean
not not only because it's the electoral
campaign but because of the the security
situation in Gaza and the possibility of
an escalation and of the massive
military operation in Gaza he has to
come back so yes he has to shut his
visit in Washington and go back to eat
well for the people and for the campaign
I mean while how have Israel's neighbors
been reacting to all this actually
they're all containing the the Trump's
decision on the Golan Heights including
Saudi Arabia I mean honey Vince almond
clear that the this decision of the u.s.
president who undermine the peace
process and could harm them the
situation and the Palestinian people so
they're all containing I'm actually it's
not in the interest of the Arab
countries this decision it could be
dangerous for Jordan for Egypt in case
of escalation with the Palestinians so I
mean actually it can be real security
issue for for the region so that's why
they're all containing this u.s.
decision