the latest un security council meeting
on the Israel Hamas War featured
multiple calls for a ceasefire but
Israel and the us remain opposed to this
idea with Washington only urging a
humanitarian pass Chong has
more the United Nations security Council
gathered on Tuesday to discuss the
ongoing war between Israel and the
Palestinian militant group Hamas
speaking first un Secretary General
Antonio guz reiterated his appeal for an
immediate humanitarian ceasefire and
while gues said nothing can justify what
Hamas has done he said its attack did
not happen in a vacuum it is important
to also recognize the attacks by amas
did not happen in a
vacuum the Palestinian people have been
subjected to 56 years of suffocating
occupation outraged by ceres's remarks
the Israeli ambassador to the UN
demanded the resignation of the
Secretary General how can the Secretary
General in with his words justify in any
way the terrible atrocities that
happened to our civilians innocent
civilians high ranking government
officials from Saudi Arabia Egypt and
Jordan also called for an immediate
ceasefire over concerns over the
worsening humanitarian crisis Washington
however appealed for a human Arian pause
to protect the civilians in Gaza which
fall short of a full seiz fire food
water medicine and other essentially
humanitarian assistance must be able to
flow into Gaza and to the people who
need them this is the strongest remark
made by the US so far National Security
Council spokesperson John Kirby on
Tuesday also echoed blinken's proposal
during a White House Press briefing
however us officials continue to reject
calls for a ceasefire claiming that it
would benefit Hamas by allowing them to
recharge for attacks against Israel
therefore the consideration of a
humanitarian pause does not necessarily
mean that Washington has changed its
stance as blinkin Beed Israel
maintaining that member states should
recognize the right to defend themselves
against terrorism and amid growing fears
that the war could widen blinkin
underlined that Washington does not seek
conflict with Iran but warn that it will
defend its people and security if Iran
attacks us personnel
news