daily exchanges of fire across the
Lebanon Israel border is growing in
scale and intensity the UN special Envoy
for Lebanon is calling for calm and
deescalation there's a trail of
Devastation on the Lebanon Israeli
border and a dangerous job for the UN
monitors here has just got a whole lot
more
risky SES of villages and towns have
emptied as people have fled the bombing
with tens of thousands on both sides of
the Border now without homes there's a
lot of direct hits on houses here
absolutely demolished nothing much left
of them
actually almost every Patrol the
soldiers find new damage and fresh
Destruction for sure it's quite daily
every day yes every day we can count
something different kind of activity and
in
different um
uh numbers the UN peacekeepers helped by
the Lebanese Army are very much caught
in the crossfire they're trying to hold
the Blue Line an unofficial divide
separating the disputed territory
claimed by both Hezbollah and the
Israelis but it's those living in these
areas who are most suffering you can't
say it's dangerous to stay here uh but
we can we we have to stay here actually
to survive to keep our to keep our uh
home safe and uh uh we have to stay here
to keep Alma safe
actually there's so much Crossfire on
what's meant to be a demilitarized zone
that the UN troops have found they need
to shelter in bunkers sometimes multiple
times a day and night you're you're
called peacekeepers and there's no peace
peace you're not keeping any peace no
but peace keepering means also what we
are doing is
a make our part to create the condition
for a better
solution and the situation is continuing
to cause alarm with dire warnings to all
involved from the most senior un
Diplomat in Lebanon one mistake one
miscalculation uh can make a difference
and put this region in a completely uh
new situation and Lebanon taking into
account the uh geostrategic position is
uh in a very sensitive place
the dangers on the southern border are
now so high many of those pushed out of
their homes here fear they too may end
up never returning