a high-stakes meeting but the
expectations were low America's top
Diplomat was in the West Bank calling
for calm following a surge in violence
Anthony blinken began his remarks with
condolences for innocent Palestinian
lives lost and while he called for a
de-escalation he evoked the question of
equal rights it's also important
to
continue to strive
not only for reducing violence but
ensuring that
ultimately the Israelis and Palestinians
alike
enjoy the same rights the same
opportunities
what we're what we're seeing now for
Palestinians is a shrinking Horizon of
hope not an expanding one the U.S
Secretary of State's trip to the region
comes at a particularly volatile time
last week the Israeli military carried
out its deadliest West Bank rate in two
decades killing 10 Palestinians in
Janine the next day a Palestinian killed
seven people outside a synagogue in East
Jerusalem an escalation Palestinian
officials say is Israel's fault
we affirm that the Israeli government is
responsible for what is happening these
days
because its practices undermine the
two-state solution and violate signed
agreements and because of the lack of
international efforts to dismantle the
occupation and the settlement regimes
and the failure to recognize the
Palestinian state and its full
membership in the United Nations
Anthony blinken used his final press
conference to reiterate the US's
commitment to a two-state solution and
its opposition to settlement expansion
but Washington is likely to face
challenges influencing the current
Israeli leadership with prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu allying himself with
ultra nationalists and religious
conservatives who have no desire to see
the creation of a Palestinian state