Christmas morning began here in Israel
with the somber news of an Israeli
attack on the alagi refugee camp in
central Gaza the Palestinian red cresant
and Hamas controlled Health Ministry say
that a residential area was targeted and
at least 70 people are dead Pope Francis
at the Vatican said that the message of
Jesus's birth on this Christmas is being
rejected by War and in Bethlehem the
biblical birthplace of Jesus Christmas
has essentially been cancelled no tree
no decorations no large crowds largely
in solidarity with Gaza and also because
tourists and pilgrims just aren't going
there this year it's the first time in
recent memory that there's been a
Christmas like this the wife of the
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu Sarah Netanyahu sent a letter
to the pope asking for his personal
intervention to secure the unconditional
release of the remaining more than 100
Israeli hostages believed to be alive in
Gaza on this Christmas Day Benjamin
Netanyahu vowed to intensify his
military operations inside Gaza just
after a conversation with the US
President Joe Biden where they talked
about the objectives and phasing of the
war hoping on the US side that Israel
will transition to a lower intensity
more targeted effort to root out Hamas
leadership without uh piling onto the
already Skyhigh civilian death toll of
well over 20,000 people according to the
Hamas controlled Health Ministry from
the Israeli Defense Force there's new
information about a underground Hamas
tunnel Network that was destroyed before
it was destroyed Israel says they
recovered the bodies of five Israeli
hostages previously reported by CNN in
mid December three of those were IDF
soldiers two were civilians and very
dramatic scenes at the Rafa border
crossing with Egypt when Aid trucks that
were coming in on Sunday were
essentially ambushed by large crowds
gunshots rang through the crowd as
people grabbed whatever they could and
ran uh in all directions the chaos
preventing that Aid likely from getting
to the people in Gaza who desperately
needed it most with most of the
population there hungry people being
told to relocate now for a second or
third or in fourth time and the fighting
continues will Ripley CNN Tel Aviv