Fox News Alert now Israel facing attacks
against its northern border right now
the IDF confirms at least one person is
dead several others hurt after multiple
Rockets were fired from Lebanon Trey
Ying stole over it he's live in Tel Aviv
Trey yeah hey guys good morning today
Sirens sounding across Northern Israel
amid a new rocket attack from the
Lebanese militant group hasbalah we
understand that at least one person was
killed and several injured the target
appeared to be the Northern command
headquarters in the town of safid the
Israelis have already started to respond
striking the launch sites in southern
Lebanon switching now to the southern
front 131 days into the war we have
gotten new video from the Israeli
military that shows Hamas leader yaka
sinir in a tunnel beneath Gaza the
footage was captured by Hamas CCTV
cameras and recovered by the Israeli
military it shows senoir his wife and
kids being led through a tunnel
underneath the city of hunis while the
images were C captured just 3 days after
the October 7th Massacre it does give us
a glimpse into how the terror leader is
moving throughout
Gaza while the people of Gaza are
suffering above ground sinir is hiding
in tunnels underground underneath them
running like the coward that he
is we've not yet gotten any response
from the Americans about these new
developments on Israel's Southern and
Northern fronts but in about 2 hours
Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin is
scheduled to speak in a virtual session
for the first time since he was released
from the hospital Brian yep anybody had
to miss that conference overseas uh
thanks so much Trey appreciate it I'm
Steve duy I'm Brian kilme and I'm Angley
airheart and click here to subscribe to
the Fox News YouTube page to catch our
hottest interviews and most compelling
analysis