Israeli defense minister yov Galant is
headed to Washington a visit that has
raised eyebrows to say the least Galant
is expected to meet his us counterpart
Lloyd Austin and other senior us
officials and the visit comes at a time
when US President Joe Biden has publicly
expressed his frustration with Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu over
the war in Gaza according to Gant the
visit will be on maintaining Israel's
military superiority in West Asia as
fighting continues to rage in Gaza
this is an important trip it is
primarily focused on preserving the
qualitative military advantage of the
state of Israel and its ability to
obtain air defense systems and Munitions
but no less than that in the relations
with the United States and the common
need to achieve the goals in Gaza to
defeat the Hamas organization to return
the
kidnapped Israel is the largest
recipient of US foreign military
assistance US government has long argued
that Aid is needed for its Ally to
maintain a military advantage in the
region galan's visit will be his first
to Washington since hamas's October 7th
attack galan's trip comes after US
Secretary of State Anthony blinken's
latest tour of the region he had then
warned that an Israeli offensive on the
southern Gaza City of Rafa would be a
mistake that risks further isolating
Israel around the world the visit also
assumes significance given the ever
growing internal political squabble
within the Israeli government Benny
gance member of Israel's war cabinet has
said that he would quit the National
Emergency government if a proposed
legislation that continues to exempt
Ultra Orthodox Jews from mandatory
military service as passed into
law
Bam
Bam
the nation cannot accept it the
parliament must not vote for it and my
colleagues and I will not be members of
the emergency government should such
legislation pass in the Parliament and
enter the law books of Israel in a way
that will hurt unity and National
Security in general and especially in
time of
War
[Music]
for all the latest news download the
weon app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel