now calls for a ceasefire in the Israel
Gaza War are growing more and more
strident across the world people are
insisting that world leaders put aside
other agendas and step in urgently to
end the war such was a scene in
Minneapolis when US President Joe Biden
was speaking at a fundraiser event a
protesting woman interrupted US
President Biden's speech to call for a
ceasefire Biden was speaking to an
audience of about 200 people people at a
campaign event when the woman shouted
chance to end the
war I need you to call for a CE right
now Biden then tried tocate her by
saying that the hostages need to be
secured first Biden also mentioned that
he had mediated with Egypt's President
to get the Rafa Crossing opened for Aid
and evacuations but when the woman kept
up her protest she was subsequently
removed from the room not far from the
fundraising event in Minneapolis other
protesters numbering nearly a thousand
were holding similar demonstrations with
flags and playards reading free
Palestine and ceasefire
now but Joe Biden is not the only us
leader who is facing backlash due to
Washington stance on the ongoing War the
Israel Gaza War has ignited a battle
even on American college campuses former
US first lady Hillary Clinton found
herself in the middle of one such
disturbance when a group of Colombia
University students staged a walk out
from her lecture that was part of a
course on women's involvement in peace
process 30 students out of 300 seated in
Clinton's classroom staged a walk out
they joined other students who were
protesting what they perceived as the
school's role in publicly shaming them
last week a video screen panel at top a
truck showed photographs of students
while labeling them as Columbia's
leading anti-semites now the students
alleged that the photographs were taken
from a private and secure online
platform they demanded immediate legal
support for affected students and a
commitment to student
[Music]
[Music]
safety