[Music]
you
[Music]
for
for
that
for
for
for
all
[Music]
e
oh
God
for
[Applause]
[Music]
Miss
[Applause]
man
I
our role in this is to hold fire uh an
operational pause as the deal is
produced we will be in our positions we
will be standing strong and prepared
because we know Hamas have a dubious U
record with regard to holding fire in
the past they've utilized uh these types
of pauses in the past to conduct more
killing and abduction um so we need to
be very strong in our defensive
positions but we are
prepared what we've done is continue to
increase the amount of humanitarian
supplies going into Gaza so we see an
increase in the truck truck loads I
think yesterday it was more than 200
already and and this is a process that
is increasing day by day of course if
there is a hold in the fire and if there
is a an operational standstill on the
ground then there will be easier to
maneuver mobilize more Aid in and Supply
the goods and needs of the people who
are not Israel's enemy that the people
of Gaza are not and that that is why
this is is a good step for them as
well I'm not aware of any change in our
operational directive I don't think
there's there's a decision not to
dismantle and destroy Hamas as a
governing Authority I think it's clear
to everybody every decent person that
understands the brutality of this
organization the mercilessness of this
organization that they can't be allowed
to maintain control over Gaza um so our
our goals and uh the directives dictated
To Us by the government I'm not aware of
any change in that I still believe and
and I think we we all need to understand
and believe Hamas have to go and they
have to go as soon as possible