as global economic hubs like London push
forward with reopening the pandemic
appears to be accelerating the World
Health Organization expects about 1
million more people to be infected
within a week bringing the total to 10
million confirmed cases this is a sober
reminder that even as we continue
research into vaccines and therapeutics
we have an urgent responsibility to do
everything we can with the tools we have
now to suppress transmission Canada has
surpassed 100,000 cases and while
officials say the infection rate is
slowing
they also say public health measures are
crucial as restrictions loosen in order
to be successful we must remain vigilant
with that in mind starting next Friday
residents in Atlantic Canada can form a
coronavirus bubble and travel freely
within the four provinces without having
to self isolate for 14 days I'm
convinced we can reconnect with other
safely and still stay safe if we remain
committed to protecting ourselves and
our loved ones the move comes as
Canada's biggest city finally enters
phase to allowing patios hair salons and
malls - welcome back patrons and staff
we had maybe 65 on the staff when this
happened the odd one and comfortable
coming back in Windsor there were
protests this morning over the fact
they're still in phase one then we want
to open up we don't want the Serb
anymore we don't want a handouts we just
want to go on with our life but that is
about to change
tomorrow the City of Windsor will take
the next steps but areas just outside
still dealing with outbreaks among
migrant workers won't follow suit they
never came here with Colvin 19 they also
face elated the people here somewhere
somehow gave them cope at 19 as a sense
of normalcy slowly returns Canada's top
public health officer is reminding
people again today that the risk of
contracting kovat 19 increases if you're
in a closed space with poor ventilation
in a crowded place with lots of people
and anytime you can't stay two metres
apart
aunty Bertrand Oliver CTV News
Ottawa