this is a picture of this is my sister
it was 9 days before 86-year-old Kanon
Cohen heard anything from Israeli
officials about the seven members of his
extended family that were either missing
or taken hostage by Hamas we didn't hear
from anything the only things that we
know are from the pictures from the
Hamas that we saw them the last time on
the way to Gaza Cohen is one of the
founding members of near o an Israeli
community near the border with Gaza
Community leaders say more than 60
people from n o are missing and believed
kidnapped including Cohen's sister
Margalit Moses shown in this video being
taken by Hamas
militants she has health problems that
require almost constant Medical Care how
are you
feeling it's hard to say that I'm
feeling
well perhaps I look like but I'm so
worried that I don't show
it because of his background Cohen has
duel Israeli German citizenship he and
his daughter eat say in the absence of
almost any communication from the
Israeli authorities they've been
receiving official support from the
German Embassy they treat
us so equally and in such a
humane
way they are
incredible and you're not getting that
from the Israeli authorities not
yet family members of the hostages and
missing in Israel organized almost
immediately after hamas's attack last
Saturday to support one another and
pressure the government to act to save
their loved ones and though prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu said he was
working to bring back the hostages
officials from the US met with the
families before he
did I did not think this is going to be
the way things would go in terms of the
government response yes that should be e
says she's been working every moment
since the attack to not be overwhelmed
by grief and fear and to do everything
she can for her missing loved ones last
night she learned one of them if frat
Catz had been killed but her work to
save the others continues for my kids we
first want to know they're okay we then
want to know they have the medicine and
then we want them home alive alive we
want them home
alive halot CBS News Southern Israel
she's sinking very quick