you've got to learn the lessons from
9/11 the United States made some really
big mistakes after 911 uh the country
was traumatized everyone wanted a level
of justice and revenge um and as a
consequence the Americans made some big
mistakes in internally um in terms of
the the taking away the stripping away
of Liberties for people especially the
targeting of Civilian Muslim populations
which was truly unjust but also in more
importantly uh Wars that went on for
decades and caused immense amounts of
human damage and ultimately failed um in
Iraq and Afghanistan and and right now
for the first two weeks after this
October 7th attack uh Natan yahu and his
government seem hellbent on repeating
every mistake the Americans made after
911 but with one big difference which is
that at least the big mistakes that
America made the big mistakes America
made after 911 were made thousands of
miles away from the United States in
other words most of the people that
suffered weren't Americans and so the
United States a big powerful country you
know sort of next to Canada and Mexico
didn't have to individually deal the
citizens didn't have to deal with most
of the most of the the truly tragic
consequences of 20 years of war on
terror failed war and Terror the
Israelis I mean if Israel wanted to
attack Afghanistan you know I mean you
know have at it right I mean like really
stupid would cause a lot of damage but
at least um wouldn't destroy Israel the
concern is that Israel is now about to
make these mistakes literally in their
backyard um and and the consequences of
that for Generations uh will be severe
uh and and truly the world is standing
by and really doesn't want the Israelis
to make that mistake but they are about
to I I think it is it is incred L sad
but they are they are going to they're
going to do this ground Invasion and
they're going to try to destroy Hamas
which has 30 to 40,000 Fighters and
they're going to radicalize hundreds of
thousands more Palestinians uh and
they're going to create you know an even
worse situation long term that's that is
my expectation right now