Iran's revolutionary Gods said that the
October attacks on Israel by tan backed
Hamas militants were in part A
retaliation of the US killing in 2020 of
an top Iranian Commander kasum suani now
this claim it was quickly denied by the
Palestinian militant group now Iran
which supports Hamas financially and
militarily has hailed the deadly attacks
as a success but denied any direct
involvement solomani the former
commander of the force was killed in a
US drone strike in Bagdad on the 3rd of
January 2020 during Donald Trump's
presidency the spokesperson for Iran's
Islamic revolutionary guard Corp ramazan
Sharif said and I'm going to quote here
one can consider the Hamas operation's
success as part of the resistance
revenge against his cowardly
assassination now he added that the
70-year oppression the occupation
insults to the AL AA mosque and and The
Siege and Massacre of the defenseless
Palestinians were also among the motives
for the Hamas attack Hamas reacted and
said in a statement and this is where it
gets interesting Shivan that we have
announced on several occasions that the
motivations and reasons behind operation
Al AA flood namely the dangers facing
alaka
mosque well the alaka mosque compound in
Israeli annexed East Jerusalem is a site
holy to both Muslims and Jew people now
the compound also home to the Dome of
the Rock is Islam's holiest site after
Mecca and Medina in Saudi Arabia Hamas
unprecedented attack on Israel on the
7th of October resulted in the death of
about
1,140 people mostly civilians Israel
responded with a withering offensive
according to the Hamas run territories
Health Ministry now that has the counter
offensive from Israel or rather the
offensive from Israel now has killed
more than 21 1,000 people in
Gaza