Ibrahim yagi knows he's lucky to be
alive the Israeli bullet that tore
through his body damaged his intestines
liver and stomach he says he was caught
in the crossfire during an Israeli
military raid in Jericho last
October you leave your house not knowing
if you'll come back to it or not as a
matter we don't feel safe in life here
you could leave the house and not come
back it's not only Gaza this is
happening it's also the West Bank
emergency rooms in hospitals in the
occupied West Bank have never been so
busy 53% of the injuries treated in 2023
were from Israeli gunfire a 12% increase
on
2022 the Israelis they have the green
light from the International
Community to be brutal to be Killers you
can do whatever you want and we can
protect you from in the international
Arena and the injuries doctors are
treating a more serious
the majority of these wounds were um in
extremities many number of them with
permanent U disability the number of
cases uh who suffered from U chest
abdomen neck head were increasing the
Israeli military's Rules of Engagement
are that a soldier should shout stop
fire a warning shot in the air and only
after those warnings Target the lower
body only where a suspect is armed and
intends to use the weapon are Israeli
soldiers permitted to shoot to kill the
Palestinians have described 2023 as the
year of no taboos when the Israeli
military Unleashed all its military
capabilities against them and with it
came a precedented levels of brutality
and violence close to 300 of the 420
Palestinians killed in the West Bank
since October the 7th was shot in the
upper body Ibrahim yagi needs more
surgery in the coming months to
reconstruct his abdomen he hopes that
will give him the strength he needs to
hold his children again Bernard Smith
aler rala in the occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer