The American Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin met with the Palestinian
Authority president Mahmud Abbas in
Jordan the meeting was a part of the US
official stores across the region in
response to the violence that is now
broken out the blinkin has reiterated
Us's unequivocal condemnation of the
attack Bahamas against Israel blinkin
has also detailed the American efforts
to coordinate with Partners to prevent
the conflict from wening this meeting
also brings the Palestinian Authority
into Focus the Palestinian Authority is
governing body that has overseen parts
of West Bank since the mid
1990s its creation was supposed to pave
the way for an independent Palestinian
state but today it is considered to be
virtually Toothless and completely under
the influence of Israel in 2004 the
Palestinian Authority had lost its grip
on power after Hamas had won the
Parliamentary elections Hamas took
control of the Gaza Strip after a brief
Civil War and refused to recognize the
state of Israel Hamas has also
campaigned on an anti-corruption and
anti- Western platform Hamas has
resorted to violence on occasions to
push for its goals and with the war
breaking out the West is now drawing
parallels with other major Terror
organizations the American president
Joan has also called out Hamas and has
compared it to
alqaeda we we're with you Mr Prime
Minister and as the president said we
have your back and uh you know it's an
awful week uh
these
were disgusting acts uh by this uh
terrorist
group U and as you know I was the guy
that uh initially put the Isis Campaign
together and I I know a lot about Isis
and this is uh this is worse than what I
saw with Isis I also want to say a word
about the situation in Israel the more
we learned about the attack the more
horrifying it becomes more than
1,000 1,000 innocent lives lost
including at least 27 Americans these
guys
make they make Al-Qaeda look pure
they're pure they're pure evil Von is
now available in your country download
the app now and get all the news on the
move