Ukraine was forced to retreat from
another Village today as Russia
continues to make gains along the front
lines and Western leaders gathered in
Paris to find ways to hold off on any
Russian surge ctv's Heather Wright is on
the ground in Lviv
tonight this is the aftermath of a
barrage of missiles and drones launched
over Ukraine early this morning a home
in the sui region destroyed the husband
and wife who lived here
killed in ke Ukraine's president marked
10 years since the occupation in Crimea
began on this day in 2014 demonstrators
gathered in the Crimean Capital pushing
back against Russia's incursion the
covert Invasion that helped launch its
fullscale assault two years ago today
the Kremlin brushed off the fresh
sanctions placed on it last week by
several countries including Canada
vowing its economy will adapt those
sanctions were in part due to the death
of Alexi naalii who was found dead in a
Russian penal colony 10 days days ago
one of his closest allies claims navali
was on the verge of being released in a
prisoner
swap Maria P says navali was to be
exchanged for an FSB agent serving a
life sentence in Berlin for murder amid
the outcry over naval's death Ukraine's
top spy Chief says intelligence shows he
died from a blood clot a claim still
unverified in Paris today nearly two
dozen leaders including Canadian
minister of defense Bill Blair met to
discuss efforts to speed up Munitions
production and show solidarity with
Ukraine Russia cannot win French
president Emanuel macron said noting the
general consensus around the table is
that they must prepare for a Russian
attack on their own countries in a few
years time and while no new Aid was
announced at this conference leaders are
trying to show Moscow they have no
intention of abandoning Ukraine as this
war drags on Western leaders acknowledge
there is very real chance Russia gains
the upper hand this year this meeting
meant to be a show of strength but
Ukraine needs support in the form of
supplies and how quickly those might be
able to get to the front is still
unclear Omar all right Heather thank you