United Nations Secretary General Antonio
gutterz said a two-state solution is the
only way out of the crisis in Gaza
denouncing Israel's rejection of the
idea the US pushes for a ceasefire in
Gaza as the southern city of communist
SE heavy fighting iin
reports speaking at a high level un
meeting on Tuesday Secretary General
Antonio guz said that Israel's
occupation of Gaza must end and that a
two-state solution is the only way to
address the legitimate aspirations of
both Israelis and
Palestinians a lasting end to the
Israeli Palestinian conflict can only
come through a two-state
solution Israelis must see their
legitimate needs for security
materialized and Palestinians must see
their legitimate aspirations for a fully
independent viable and sovereign state
realized in line with United Nations
resolution international law and
previous
agreements gutterz added that it was
unacceptable for Israel's government to
reject a two-state solution to its
conflict with the Palestinians warning
that the move would embolden extremists
everywhere calling for an immediate
ceasefire to allow Aid delivery hostage
releases and deescalation in the Middle
East amid risks of broader regional
conflict gutterz also warned that such
risks are now becoming a reality
pointing to Lebanon Yemen Syria
Iraq and Pakistan he urged all parties
to step back from the brink and to
consider the horrendous costs of a wider
War White House National Security
Council spokesperson John Kirby said the
US would support a longer humanitarian
pause in combat in Gaza to ensure
hostages could be released and Aid
brought in kiry said us Middle East
Envoy Brett mcer would be traveling to
the region for active discussions on
ensuring the release of hostages held by
Hamas in Gaza in securing a humanitarian
pause without specifying a time frame
and cautioning that he would not
characterize the discussions as
negotiations he said the conversations
were very sober and serious meanwhile as
Israel and Hamas are reportedly getting
closer to an agreement on a 30-day
ceasefire in Gaza heavy fighting was
reported in conun with one of the few
remaining open hospitals attacked the
Hamas run Health Ministry in Gaza said
Israeli tanks fired on the specialized
surgery building and the emergency
building of Naser Hospital leaving
dozens injured yanin adang
news