also at this hour amid the backdrop of
the russia ukraine war and israel's
increasingly critical stance on russian
atrocities and anti-semitic rhetoric
there could be a possibility for change
in relationship between the two nations
this is russia may have fired s 300
missiles in syria last week which was
aimed at israeli jets according to
unnamed sources s-300 batteries
allegedly opened fire on israeli jets in
syria for the first time on friday night
israel's broadcaster reported
that these batteries are operated by the
russian military and apparently can only
be fired with moscow's approval russian
media has so far not addressed the
claims however in a statement that did
not mention the alleged incident defense
minister benny guns insisted israel
would not be deterred
he said and i quote the state of israel
will continue to act against any enemy
that threatens it and prevent the
transfer of advanced capabilities from
iran that endanger the citizens of
israel and harm the stability of the
entire region and of course
gans says
this while visiting the army's northern
command
meanwhile on tuesday israel's ambassador
to ukraine michael brodsky shared a
photo of himself back in kiev he was
raising the israeli flag at the
country's embassy there three months
after it was evacuated because of the
russia russia-ukraine war the ambassador
is expected to hold talks with the
ukrainian government about its reopening
of the embassy this follows u.s
secretary of state anthony blinken's
announcement that the u.s will resume
its embassy's activities in kiev very
soon our correspondent jody cohen has
sent us this report take a look
[Music]
so far russia and israel have followed a
deconfliction strategy in syria where
russia controls the airspace this has
reportedly enabled israel to strike
iranian illegal armed shipments and
targets and since the start of the
russia ukraine war israel has been
balancing its relations with moscow and
kiev with prime minister bennett even
acting as a mediator between the two
countries leaders at times now if these
two latest developments are confirmed it
remains to be seen if the moves signify
a reassessment of ties between moscow
and jerusalem going forwards this is
jody cohen for we on world as one
we on is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move