at the southernmost tip of the Gaza
Strip in Rafa A desperate scramble to
find survivors in the aftermath of an
Israeli air strike dust still thick in
the
air this little girl cries our home
collapsed on us heavy Israeli shelling
here has devastated a city where
Palestinians were initially told to
shelter now nowhere is safe further
north in hunis the Naser hospital is at
Breaking Point children are strewn
across the floor with few supplies and
staff to actually help them but it's in
Northern Gaza where a heavy Ground
Battle is underway between Israeli
forces and Hamas that staff say Israel
has raided the Kamal radwan Hospital the
head of the World Health Organization
says he's extremely worried about Medics
and patients there given the acute
shortages of fuel water and food in
Geneva the UN Human Rights Chief sounded
the alarm about the situation across
Gaza I don't know whether you can give
me a better word than prar it's
extremely precarious I mean it's on the
verge of of well beyond breakdown but
the Israeli Prime Minister says he's not
changing course and while the US says it
wants the Palestinian Authority to take
over and OPP poost Hamas Gaza Netanyahu
is now publicly ruling that
out following an intensive dialogue with
President Biden and his team we received
full backing for the ground inclusion
and blocking the international pressure
to stop the war yes there is
disagreement about the day after
and I hope that we will reach agreement
here as well I would like to clarify my
position I will not allow Israel to
repeat the mistake
of that's not the only area of
disagreement between the US and Israel
President Joe Biden told a crowd of
donors for his 2024 campaign that Israel
is starting to lose support around the
world and that Netanyahu must change but
that his far-right government is making
it difficult now as Israel plans to
flood gaza's tunnels with seawater Biden
appeared to seek caution there is
assertions being made that there's quite
sure there are no hostages in any of
these tunnels uh but I don't know that
for a fact I do know that though every
civilian death is an absolute tragedy
and Israel stated its intent as I said
to uh to match its uh its words with uh
its intent with word with
actions few on the ground here may
believe that y Alaba trt world