as the Israel Hamas War continues to
rage Israel has called for 1.1 million
residents of Northern Gaza to relocate
to the south of the territory within 24
hours amid massive bombardments in
retaliation for Hamas attacks
Palestinians fear it could be a
precursor to a planned Israeli ground
offensive Hamas calls on people in Gaza
to stay home and ignore Israeli
evacuation orders
following the orders the UN said the
mass relocation of the entire population
in Northern Gaza to the south of The
Enclave was impossible as the
information came shortly before midnight
and urgently appealed for the order to
be
rended amid an intensified Israeli Siege
a cutting off water food and power and a
sudden new assault conditions look worse
than at any point since Palestinian
refugees flock to Gaza during the 1948
fighting when Israel was
founded now the Raa border crossing
between Egypt and Gaza is the only
passage in and out of the coastal
Enclave not controlled by Israel on
Thursday Egypt's President stated gazin
must stay steadfast and remain on their
land abdal F alissi said the case of
gazin is different because their
displacement would mean the elimin
of the Palestinian cause earlier the
Israeli military pulverized the Gaza
Strip with air strikes and prepared for
a possible ground
Invasion Israel's Complete Siege of the
territory has now left Palestinians
desperate for food Fuel and medicine and
as per Israeli officials The Siege will
remain in place until Hamas militants
free some
150 hostages taken hostile during the
incursion
[Music]
for
and as the Israeli fighter jets continue
to pound Gaza more than 400,000 gazin
have already been displaced informed the
United Nations since the war at least
1,300 people have been killed in Israel
while over 1,500 deaths have been
recorded in
Gaza
[Music]