law enforcement in many cities across
the US are on alert against any
potential threats Homeland Security
officials have said there are no
specific or credible threats stemming
from this war in the Middle East but
that they are also taking no chances
ABC's Reena Roy has the
latest well Phil you can see behind me
that there are officers stationed at
this synagogue here in Brooklyn and this
is what so many across the country look
like right now it is a reality that we
are living in homeland security
officials have said that there are no
specific or credible threats stemming
from this conflict in the Middle East
but still law enforcement taking no
Chances with calls for protest and some
even for violence security has been
stepped up Coast to Coast at synagogues
and mosques as well as some religious
schools ABC News confirming every major
city police department was on a
heightened state of alert Friday after
Hamas announced a so-called day of Rage
protesters on both sides of the issue
taking to the streets the NYPD
cancelling officers vacations and and
calling on the entire force to show up
to work to help prevent any potential
violence Capitol Police in DC also
ramped up security along with the LA
County Sheriff's Office some synagogues
even making Services virtual out of an
abundance of caution and aside from a
few violent one-on-one incidents things
thankfully have remained pretty peaceful
so far officials stress though that this
is an evolving in Dynamic situation that
they are keeping a close eye on Phil
Reena Roy from New York City Arena thank
you hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching