tonight president trump insisting he had
nothing to do with israel's decision to
bar two democratic congresswomen from
entering the country i don't encourage
or discourage the things that they've
said
omar talib
what they've said is disgraceful so i
can't imagine why israel would let them
in the israeli announcement just hours
after receiving unusual pressure from an
american president tweeting that
allowing a visit by ilhan omar and
rashida talib would show great weakness
they hate israel and all jewish people
attacks both women have rejected last
month the israeli ambassador said the
congresswomen would be allowed to travel
but now the government says they were
denied under israeli law because they
support a controversial boycott of
israel tonight omar calling the decision
an affront that israeli prime minister
netanyahu under pressure from president
trump would deny entry to
representatives of the u.s government to
leave the daughter of palestinian
immigrants posting a picture of her
grandmother in the west bank calling
israel's action a sign of weakness a top
republican in israel on sunday saying
the pair should go anyone that comes
with open ears open eyes and an open
mind
will walk away and have an understanding
i think all should come it's the latest
showdown between the president and those
democrats who along with two other
freshmen congresswomen have been
frequent trump targets
the president recently facing a
bipartisan rebuke for his racist remark
calling for them to go back where they
came from he's launching a blatantly
racist attack but omar has also faced
criticism including from some democrats
for comments they've called anti-semitic