fresh from his trip to Israel Joe Biden
sat down to address the American people
on Thursday night and lay out his case
for a continuing engagement with the
world the US president drew a parallel
between Russia's war in Ukraine and
hamas's attack on October 7th and said
combating each was America's problem
Hamas and Putin represent different
threats but they share this in common
they both want to completely annihilate
a neighboring democracy completely
annihilated I know these conflicts can
seem far away and it's natural to ask
why does this matter to America so let
me share with you why making sure Israel
and Ukraine succeed is vital for
America's national security if Biden
sought to persuade it was with good
reason as he said he would be asking
Congress for more money to bolster Aid
to allies prominent Republicans have
bridled at Biden's support for Ukraine
but with his opposition and disarray in
Congress Biden clearly felt he should
strike while the was
H to put all that at risk if we walk
away from Ukraine if we turn our backs
on Israel it's just not worth it that's
why tomorrow I'm going to send to
Congress an urgent budget request to
fund America's national security needs
to support our critical Partners
including Israel and
Ukraine is a smart investment that's
going to pay dividends for American
Security for generations with inflation
and a High Cost of Living threatening to
jeopardize Biden's chances of reelection
he evoked an episode from the past to
encourage a new Industrial Drive just as
in World War II today patriotic American
workers are building the Arsenal
democracy and serving the cause of
Freedom all ambitious long-term efforts
but whether they will win over a
fractious public ahead of next year's
election is another
thing ask you