12 more hostages were freed from Gaza
captivity in exchange for Palestinian
prisoners under an extended truce a
source close to Hamas have said that the
group is willing to extend truce by an
additional four more days while hopes
remain for another extension Israel and
Hamas accused each other of violating
the extended pause in incidents on
Tuesday the katri officials mediating in
the conflict said that this did not
knock the truce off track the Israeli
Prime Minister's office said that 10
Israelis and two thighs were released
with the Army saying that they were
handed over to the Red Cross and were
inside Israeli territory Israel's prison
Services later said that 30 Palestinian
detainees were released under the truce
deal as a two-day extension to the truce
appeared to be
holding on Tuesday us and Israeli
intelligence chiefs were in theha to
discuss the next phase of the deal
Israel and Hamas are under International
pressure not to return to an allout
fighting
between the latest truce ends on
Thursday our main focus right now is and
our hope is to reach a sustainable truth
that would lead to further negotiations
and eventually to an end to uh to this
iteration of violence to to this war we
are working with what we have and what
we have right now is a provision to the
agreement that allows us to extend days
as long as Hamas is able to uh guarantee
the release of at least 10 hostages uh
from uh from this from their
side Palestinian movements denounced
what they dubb truce violations by the
occupier the Israeli military described
the shelling as warning shots saying a
tank fired as suspected militants
approached Army positions officer
claimed three explosive devices were
detonated near Israeli forces in
Northern Gaza violating the framework of
the operational pause as per Israeli
military in one of the locations
terrorists also opened fire at the
troops who responded with fire Q
officials reported some minimal breaches
but they said that they did not harm the
essence of the
agreement before Tuesday's latest
exchanges 50 Israeli hostages and 150
Palestinian prisoners all women and
miners had been released under the
initial truce
[Music]
agreement