overseason out of the war between Israel
and Hamas a deal could be reached on a
on the hostages at any moment that's
what a Us official tells ABC News want
to go to Matt Gutman on the scene in
Israel good morning
Matt George good morning the families of
the hostages here have been keeping up a
steady drum beat of pressure on the
Israeli government to finalize this deal
that is they're also pressuring the Red
Cross because they have not been able to
verify that those hostages are still
alive now this morning we spoke to a
Hamas official who said they are very
close there now waiting for Israel to
accept the terms Israeli cabinet meeting
just over there discussing this broadly
the deal would include about 50 hostages
maybe more women and children in
exchange Hamas would get a 5-day
ceasefire the release of Palestinian
women and minors from Israeli jails and
a huge influx of Aid including fuel now
we understand the hostages are going to
be released in batches partly because
Hamas is not keeping them all together
and partly because some of them are
being kept by Splinter groups now the
sticking points are that Israel is
concerned it will not be able to
maintain control over the skies and that
Hamas will drag out that hostage release
extending the ceasefire the White House
sounding very optimistic despite that
both sides telling us today they are
incredibly suspicious of the other side
and that this might still fall through
Michael and we hope that's not the case
we hope it all works out thank you so
much hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching