the violence between Palestine and
Israel has witnessed a sharp surge in
recent weeks
Israel claims it struck a Hamas base in
Gaza the move came in response to a
rocket fired from The Enclave on
Saturday the Israeli Army released
footage of artillery fire on alleged
Hamas military positions inside the Gaza
Strip the Israeli Army said it had
struck Before Dawn an underground
complex containing raw materials used
for the manufacture of rockets belonging
to Hamas
foreign
[Music]
media office released footage with
alleged anti-aircraft missiles being
filed at Israeli warplanes the video
shows gaza's bid to avert Israel's
overnight strikes on the Palestinian
Enclave however the Israeli Army did not
report any hit
oh yeah
this is a wedding hall it has nothing to
do with the factory or anything it's a
wedding hall it does not look like a
center where the machines that should be
in it it's a wedding hall and over there
is a gas station and over there is a
photography studio for brides and rooms
and this is a wedding hall the
occupation finds excuses for everything
in a separate raid by Israeli Defense
Forces in West Bank a Palestinian was
killed the Palestinian Health Ministry
says a pre-dawn Israeli Army raid in
Nablus killed a 21 year old while the
Israeli Army claims it had apprehended
to Men Who diligently shot dead in
israeliu soldier in October and three
others during the raid the Israeli Army
says it's collected intelligence for
months to locate a hideout apartment
where the Australians were hiding
since the beginning of the sale the
conflict has claimed the lives of 47
Palestinians adults and children
including militants and civilians nine
Israeli civilians including three
children and a Ukrainian civilian have
also been killed during this period
[Music]