US troops prepare an airdrop of
humanitarian Aid in collaboration with
Jordan over Gaza territory controlled in
its entirety by Israel it sends a clear
message that Washington is increasingly
impatient with the way Benyamin
Netanyahu is pursuing the war in the
Gaza Strip several weeks ago Us Media
reported that President Biden had used
insulting language when talking about
Netanyahu in private conversation on
Sunday it was the turn of Vice President
cameela Harris in a more official
setting to put pressure on
Netanyahu the Israeli government must do
more to significantly increase the flow
of
Aid no
excuses they must open new border
crossings they must not impose any
unnecessary restrictions on the delivery
of Aid the Supreme humiliation for
Benjamin Netanyahu is the visit to
Washington of Benny Gant one of his is's
opposition leaders but a member of
netanyahu's War cabinet since October
11th the Israeli newspaper hararat says
the Furious prime minister has demanded
Israel's ambassador to Washington
boycott the visit but Gant topping
popularity polls in Israel will have
official meetings with vice president
Harris Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin and also the president's
National Security adviser it's a sign
the Biden Administration is taking the
political temperature and declaring its
preference for a few future Israeli
Prime Minister Netanyahu for his part is
relying on a return of Donald Trump to
the White House with the Abraham Accords
and the US recognition of Jerusalem as
Israel's Capital the two men were close
allies until that is Netanyahu
congratulated Joe Biden on his victory
in the 2020 election while Donald Trump
was still claiming he had won