a homecoming for a survivor of Horrors
thousands of kilometers away wishi and
them Tong started working on an Israeli
avocado Farm just 6 days before hamama
militant stormed kbut Saad killing seven
other Thai migrant
workers he was taken hostage and held
for 7 weeks a migrant worker from
Thailand's poest region caught in
someone else's War he returned with 23
other ties freed during the now lapsed
ceasefire but nine more remain
captive I've had the warmest welcome
from everyone they've been coming to see
me every day since I returned it brought
me to tears my wife told me everyone's
been following the news I had no idea as
I didn't see the light of day for nearly
two months I'm just so happy to be back
over 30,000 ties worked in Israel before
the hamus assault 39 ties died in the
raid with 32 taken hostage in the bloody
chaos wishan like the others who have
returned will not discuss the conditions
of his capture while the other hostages
remain inside
Gaza yet like many others he's
determined to go back to Israel to work
and change the fortunes of his
family they are letting me take a
six-month break until I'm mentally
recovered but then if they stop fighting
I will request to return to work I only
worked for six days I haven't earned
anything yet I haven't even paid off my
debt wishan is from Thailand's rice
producing isan region where average Farm
wages are $10 a Day in Israel ties can
earn up to $1,700 a month overseas work
can be lifechanging for isan people
allowing migrants with little education
to build a home or send their kids to
college
H's kidnapping of Thai migrants has cast
a spotlight on the poverty of millions
of people in the Southeast Asian
country as she waited at the airport for
her cousin K Chua to return from Israel
B said Thailand's low wages make
overseas work inevitable for isan's
people go home why my cousin just wanted
to give his family a better life give
them a home money
now safe and at home Krit has also left
a door open to return to the overseas
Workforce I'm so happy to be back it
feels like I've been Reborn the whole
village has welcomed me back hard
choices remain for Thailand's poorest
people stay poor at home or risk their
lives
overseas VA news isan region
Thailand