at this makeshift camp in Rafa Ramadan
is marked not with traditional daytime
fasting but instead with a desperate
search for the next
meal if the first day of Ramadan is
tough on us how will the second and the
third days be this woman asks there had
been hope the Muslim holy month would
usher in a ceasefire and the release of
hostages held by Hamas my strongest
appeal today is to honor the spirit of
Ramadan by silence the guns there is no
deal in sight the situation in Gaza is
only growing more desperate by the day
even as the pace of air drops increases
gaza's Hamas run Health Ministry reports
at least 25 people have now died of
starvation the death toll has surpassed
31,000 we can't let Hamas survive yet
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu vows to press ahead with the
military invasion of Rafa where hundreds
of thousands are are still Sheltering
it's either Israel or Hamas there's no
middleway I mean we have to uh have that
Victory we can't have 3/4 of a victory
we can't have uh two-thirds of a victory
those comments were a direct response to
US President Joe Biden I want to see a
ceasefire over the weekend he suggested
an invasion of Rafa would cross a red
line you cannot have 30,000 more
Palestinians dead as a consequence of
going after there's other ways to deal
to get to to deal with the with with the
trauma caused by Hamas but Biden's words
appear to be an empty threat the
president said he would not suspend
military aid to Israel under any
circumstances back in the camp they can
only wait for a break in the fighting
that may never
come we don't want Aid what we want is a
ceasefire Jackson prco Global News
Washington