[Music]
[Applause]
spe
spee
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
for
[Music]
foree
spee
got
him
[Music]
for
goodbye don't
have
[Music]
fore
the Israeli military has decided to
withdraw more ground troops from the
southern Gaza Strip as a new round of
ceasefire talks is set to begin the move
leaves just one Brigade according to a
spokesperson for the force on Sunday
they did not give details on reasons for
withdrawing soldiers or the numbers
involved since the start of the Year
Israel has been reducing numbers in Gaza
to relieve reservists Ally Washington
has been adding pressure to improve the
humanitarian situation especially after
last week's killing of several Aid
workers meanwhile Egypt is preparing to
host a new round of talks aimed at
reaching a ceasefire and hostage release
deal both Israel and Hamas said they
would attend if
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu said
Israel would not agree to a ceasefire
until the hostages being held by Hamas
and Gaza are released Hamas said an
agreement must secure a complete and
comprehensive ceasefire full withdrawal
of forces from areas occupied after
October 7th and freedom of movement of
residents across the Gaza Strip Israel's
offensive has focused in the past months
on the south of the Gaza Strip according
to Israeli tallies more than 250
hostages were seized and some 12200
people killed during hamas's attack one
of the sites of the tragedy was in re
Israel at a music festival where more
than 300 people lost their lives parents
like arz zarati returned to the site
Sunday toor family members killed 6
months prior my daughter was 22 years
old most of our soldiers most of our
very brave special soldiers are children
at the ages of 18 to 21 so this is a war
of children more than 33,000
Palestinians have been killed in the
Israeli offensive according to the
health Ministry in Gaza Rafa has become
the last refuge for more than a million
Palestinians Sheltering in the territory
near the border with
[Applause]
Egypt
[Applause]
you
[Music]
spee
[Music]
what