a new report has revealed that the U.S
has been shipping artillery shells to
Ukraine forces from a massive stockpile
that it owns Which it keeps in Israel
this is despite Israel's position of not
sending arms to Ukraine so has Israel
quietly changed its position or
corresponded Jody Cohen sends us the
details have a look
American supplies are reportedly kept in
Israel for the U.S military to use in
Regional conflicts
and at times the US has also permitted
Israel to use some of the ammunition
according to a report in the New York
Times under Israel's former prime
minister Yael lapid Israel agreed to
move the 300 000 shelf despite the
balance the country has tried hard to
maintain in its relations with Ukraine
and Russia
one reason is because Israel suggests it
needs to cooperate with Russia on its
activities in Syria to prevent Iran from
getting closer to its border Israeli
defense officials are said to have
advised the government that Israel
should agree to the ammunition transfer
because it belongs to the U.S
Israel has not changed its position of
not supplying Ukraine with Israeli
weapons although it has sensed
protective military equipment and large
amounts of humanitarian Aid
and on Tuesday Ukraine's ambassador to
Israel urged the country to supply
missile defense systems
before becoming prime minister again
Benjamin Netanyahu had said that he
would consider sending more support to
Ukraine however commentators are
suggesting that the recent call between
the Israeli and Russian foreign
ministers suggests that the new
government is likely to continue down
the path of trying to maintain good
relations with both Ukraine and Russia
meanwhile U.S national security adviser
Jake Sullivan is meeting Israeli
president Herzog on Wednesday evening
and Ukraine is likely to be on the
agenda this is Jody Cohen for we on
world as one
[Music]