1 2 3 4 OCC no large Pro Palestinian
crowds gathered in cities and towns
across the
UK from Leeds to wolver Hampton we
aretini Bristol to
Oxford is Terror while up in Glasgow the
weather didn't stop hundreds turning
out in London there was anger with
politicians at several demonstrations
held around the capital what do we want
what do we want it just seem like
they're deaf they don't want to hear
anything or they can't see what's going
on all of us is a
community want a ceasefire and no one's
listening six weeks on from the
atrocities committed by Hamas in Israel
these Pro Palestinian demonstrat ations
continue to attract large numbers people
who do not support the government or the
opposition for backing Israel's response
in Tower hamlets some labor voters said
they now feel politically homeless I
think that Kama has um condoned genocide
in his words and I left the labor party
last week I left the labor party last
week I can't vot for labor
anymore after a difficult week for the
labor leader with several of his MPS
resigning over his refusal to call for a
ceasefire there was Anger from
protesters in his London
constituency shame on you Kar my shame
on you we do need to have public
accountability for MP's actions because
the actions that they are condoning or
you know allowing for to happen in other
parts of the world brings the question
of what would they allow to happen to us
over here but as police watched on
around the country many joined in a
chant that's why perceived to be an
anti-semitic demand for the destruction
of Israel from The River To The
Sea do you think Israel had a right to
defend itself after what happened on I
can't speak for uh the state of Israel I
don't think they have the right to bomb
occupied territory I don't think they
have the right to
occupy it's a view that's widely held by
the many thousands who've taken to the
streets and a view that's impossible to
reconcile with the position of both the
UK government and the opposition Becky
Johnson Sky News Tower hamlets