[Applause]
as Southern Gaza becomes the new
epicenter of the fighting and the
Israeli military expands its ground
operations there Communications were
again cut on Monday and exhausted
residents in Han Yunis are again on the
move for
survival where do we go this is the 17th
time I have left my home where should I
go what did I want from
us as pressure grows on the Israeli
government doesn't of relatives of
hostages held by Hamas stormed into a
knesset finance committee meeting
demanding more be done to get them
back a mother shouts I want my son alive
not in a coffin on Monday exus reported
that Israel is putting out a proposal
through mediators in Kar and Egypt that
would see a two-month pause in the
fighting and that would include the
release of the remaining roughly 130
hostages la longtime us negotiator Brett
mcer is traveling back to Egypt and
cutter this week to see what can be done
what I can confirm for you is that there
are ongoing serious sober discussions
with our partners and uh and our
counterparts to try to get another
hostage deal in place this comes after
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu rejected terms of a Hamas
proposal that would see an end to the
fighting in exchange for the release of
all Palestinian prisoners and Netanyahu
continues to oppose the creation of a
self-governing Palestinian State as part
of a two-state solution even as foreign
ministers from around the world meeting
in Belgium insist that is the only
option and for Gaza residents on the
Move non-stop a former un relief agency
official says Israel is bound by
international law to take care of them
certainly an unprecedentedly large
number of people being internally
displaced the only real option is for
those people to be given some kind of
protection in Israel itself and that
means having some kind of safe area
inside Israel where these people can go
while their homes are reconstructed for
now they can only hope a ceasefire
whether permanent or temporary happens
soon Andy Rosen trt
world