some are calling her the lioness of
Palestine for others she's a symbol of
resistance but until her release a head
to Mimi was one of the 291 Palestinian
miners in Israel prisons
dr. ana de la lu la LT Marcel Farhan Haq
Celine know karate la sera - last
release on rescission so how did all
these children end up in Israeli prisons
most were arrested for throwing stones
and act criminalized through military
regulation the regulation states that
any person who throws a stone in the
direction of an object or person can be
sentenced up to ten years in prison but
on average the prison sentences in such
cases vary between two weeks and ten
months while some miners are routinely
arrested at protests and demonstrations
others are taken into custody in the
middle of the night by armed Israeli
soldiers just like a head to Mimi during
interrogations these children neither
have their parents or a legal adviser
with them which is in violation of
international law most children confess
at the end of the interrogation and end
up signing confessions written in Hebrew
a language they don't understand Israel
is also the only country that tries
children in military courts often
denying them of their fundamental rights
a majority of Palestinian children are
put in prisons inside Israel ahead
Tamimi was transferred to Hasharon
prison in central Israel after being
arrested from a house in West Bank
for some families this means they can't
see their children due to travel
restrictions imposed by Israel
international human rights organizations
have repeatedly highlight Israel's
violations of international law but is
it enough to stop Israel's abuse of
Palestinian children
[Music]
you