[Music]
well an Israeli Court has sentenced a
Palestinian teenager to 12 years in
prison after finding him guilty of
attempted murder Hamed Manaslu is 14
years old now he attacked an Israeli
schoolboy with a knife in occupied East
Jerusalem when Astra's cousin was shot
dead during the incident well more on
this Greg Kallstrom joins us now from
Tel Aviv Greg let's actually start by
giving some context in this new youth
bill which allows Israel to jail minors
just fill us in on that
earlier this year by the Israeli
Parliament the Knesset
Palestinian children teenagers prison
but that only applied to Palestinians in
the occupied territories in the West
Bank specifically were subject to
Israeli military law but in East
Jerusalem Israeli civil law civilian law
is applied so this bill that was passed
earlier this year by the Casa allows us
real to impose the same penalties on
teenagers who live in East Jerusalem and
this is one of the first times that this
law was applied this teenager who was 13
years old when this attack took place
and as you mentioned is now 14 and being
sentenced to a very long prison term
okay besides this new bill I'm wondering
about this sentence this was one of the
most high-profile attacks in this recent
wave of attacks do you think that
because there was a compelling and
sensational amount of video evidence in
this attack it played any role in this
sentence because his sentence is almost
just as much as his age
[Music]
it certainly played a role he was a
teenager his
we can't get this out with was a
teenager one of their victims one of the
people they stabbed was 12 years old so
a shocking case all around got a lot of
media attention of course it also came
at the beginning of this wave of
violence that we've seen over the past
year here this happened in October of
last year when they were at some point
two or three attacks today there was a
great deal of attention once the Israeli
public the Israeli media and the
government's was a bit of a loss what to
do about it and needed to act like it
was taking very tough measures and so
having done a long prison term in this
case is one of the things that the
government has done to try and
reassure the public that it's doing
something okay Kirk Carlstrom joining us
live from tel-aviv thank you
[Music]