the Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu has
vowed an absolute victory in his war on
Gaza he repeatedly said that Israel will
continue with its offensive on the Gaza
Strip until Hamas leaves or is wiped out
from the strip have however a latest
poll has shown that a majority of the
Israeli people believe that an absolute
Victory is simply not possible in
Gaza now according to a poll by the
Israel democracy Institute Think Tank
about 55% of the Israeli respondents are
said that there is very fairly low or
very low likelihood of such an outcome
however the same poll has also opposed
the establishment of an independent and
a demilitarized Palestinian
State meanwhile in Tel the Israeli
protesters rallied for the release of
the hostages wearing masks bearing the
photos of hostages the protesters held
demonstrations at various public places
across the city and amidst this the
Israeli Finance Minister made a very
strange statement that may irk the kin
of the hostages in Israel even more in a
radio interview bizal LEL smotrich said
that bringing back the hostages abducted
Bahamas is not a top priority as he said
that the destruction of Hamas is more
important at the
moment now the comments were enough to
spark a backlash Benny Gans a member of
Israel's war cabinet has said that no
opportunity to bring the hostages back
home with will be missed the opposition
leader y laid describes SMR comments as
a moral disgrace and an attack on the
families of the
hostages and after his comments
attracted enough criticism smartr
clarified a statement as he said only by
destroying Hamas can Israel bring back
the
hostages Von is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the move