be
I'm here at the Port of Oakland with a
group that's protesting the departure of
this ship that is planning to deliver
weapons to Israel um in support of the
the genocide of innocent people in
Gaza
the community became aware that the ship
was headed to Israel to carry military
cargo to the aparti state of Israel
because of the courage of crew members
who decided not to take this
job
the goal is to get the um the ship
workers to stand in solidarity with uh
the the movement of of people who are
concerned about the shipment of weapons
so the fact that there's one worker
walking off the ship we hope that's the
start of uh a trend and that other
workers will come to see that their
labor is being exploited in uh uh you
know towards the purpose of genocide so
the goal is to get a full walk out if we
can
yeah so there's a range of uh groups
that have been protesting uh the ongoing
genocide of the people in Gaza um some
of them are groups of concerned Arab
Americans some of them are groups of
concerned um Jewish Americans I myself
I'm Jewish and I've been working with uh
certain organizations that uh you know
are are fighting uh the the genocide
being committed and are still very um
proud of our Judaism don't see the
reflection of
Judaism
yeah I mean I think people are committed
to being out here for as long as they
need to be um you know there was a
thought that the the ship might have
left already by now and it's really
heartening to see that it hasn't so you
know people are energized there's coffee
there's Bagels people are are supporting
each other and people are ready to stay
out here for hours if
needed
[Music]
spe
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
for
this is absolutely f
[Music]
right
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
with your respect as to the
humanitarians the magarian and
international law abiding by the state
of Israel so this is a leaflet which we
are sending by over 1,200 leaflets to
the citizens of Gaza