the hostage release following the recent
Israel Hamas true steal has been pushed
back until Friday the two sides seem to
be fine-tuning the details moon has
more the planned release of 50 hostages
from the Israel Hamas conflict in
exchange for a 4-day pause in fighting
and the release of Prisoners has been
pushed back a day according to CNN a
senior Us official stated that the
hostage deal has been delayed until
Friday morning in order to iron out the
details and to minimize things going
wrong Israel was said to have made this
decision together with Qatar and Egypt
as mediators while the current working
list of 10 hostages likely to be
released from Gaza on the first day only
contains information regarding their
gender nationality and age US officials
have said that they expect the names to
be released by Thursday night solely
women and children they'll be released
in batches of around 10 per day the
first two few days are to be a testing
period to make sure that both sides are
keeping to the agreement and then
further hostage negotiations are
expected to take place so far what's
known about the process is that the
hostages will be guided by the Red Cross
and taken to a designated border Point
mostly through Egypt earlier Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said
that the Red Cross would be able to
visit the remaining hostages in The
Enclave to give them needed medication
in exchange Israel has agreed to a
temporary 4-day cease fire in Gaza and
free Palestinian prisoners in Israel
with the exception of people it said are
murderers with this latest development
world leaders are calling on both
parties to hold up their side of the
deal and are hopeful that this could be
the start of positive developments the
prime minister of guar shared on his
social media his hopes for serious talks
for a comprehensive and just peace
process humanitarian aid from overseas
is also expected to pour in during this
crucial period the president of the
European commission said that the EU
will do his utmost to provide a
humanitarian
surge news