day 30 of the war here in Israel and
intense diplomatic efforts are underway
to try and secure the reopening of the
Rafa border crossing from Gaza into
Egypt currently it's the only way for
Aid to get into the stripp and for
people to get out and it finally
reopened on Wednesday um to allow uh
safe passage for the some 7,000 foreign
Nationals who were in Gaza when the war
broke out somewhere around just under
100 Britains I thought to have left and
another 88 were on the list of those
allowed to leave yesterday but in the
end the border crossing didn't open in
an apparent disagreement over the
passage the safe passage of injured
Palestinians uh the foreign office has
expressed its disappointment and said it
is doing all it can with other
governments to try and secure that
reopening of that uh border
crossing the IDF has said it will open a
4H hour evacuation window along the main
highway from through the strip today
from North to South this will involve
the ceasing of shelling of that area to
allow people to safely move from the
north and Central areas down to the
South as Israel has been instructing
them to do for some time now this is
ahead of the next stage of the battle
we'll focus on Gaza City where hamas's
stronghold
lies a US Secretary of State Anthony
blink continues his Whistle Stop tour of
the Middle East today he visits turkey
after visiting Jordan and Israel and
will continue talks in in his attempts
to secure a humanitarian pause which is
more temporary than a ceas and that
would allow more Aid into the strip and
more injured Palestinians out for
treatment in Egypt it's our view that uh
a ceasefire now would simply leave Hamas
in place able to regroup and repeat what
it did on October
7th