[Music]
one of the Saudi blocks main problems
with Qatar centers around Hamas a
Palestinian group which calls itself a
resistance movement fighting Israeli
occupation the Saudi bloc considers
Hamas a terrorist organization and
insists that Qatar should stop
supporting them and exile senior Hamas
officials taking refuge in Doha this has
drawn sharp criticism from the Arab
Street including citizens of the UAE and
Egypt these are some of the countries
that call Hamas a terrorist organization
and these are some of the countries that
don't the European Union's top court
took Hamas off its terror list last year
and some Jewish activists are in two
minds about the group do you think of
Hamas as a terrorist organization I
think of the government of the territory
what's your opinion of Hamas the ruling
party in Gaza Hamas as per its Charter
calls itself a national movement that
does not seek war with Jewish people it
won a popular election in the West Bank
and Gaza in 2007 but we're only allowed
to form a government in Gaza Hamas is
still in power industry its core
ideology which was revamped earlier this
year calls for the liberation of
Palestinian areas that were occupied by
Israel in the 1967 war though the new
position doesn't recognize the State of
Israel it implies to accept another
state outside the pre-1967 borders
Israel criticized the media's coverage
of the new charter calling it fake news
so is Hamas a terrorist organization or
is it a liberation movement this
discussion has played out in history
elsewhere Bhagat Singh a revolutionary
leader who fought British colonialism in
India led an armed assault against the
British Empire at the peak of
colonialism
similarly Nelson Mandela founded an
armed group in response to South
Africa's regressive pro apartheid
government both leaders were initially
classified as terrorists but were
eventually celebrated as heroes Mandela
also received the Nobel Peace Prize
Hamas members are engaged in a similar
armed struggle but is it on the right or
the wrong side of history
you decide
[Music]