[Applause]
[Music]
as Palestinian authorities proposed a
supervised evacuation of gaza's biggest
Hospital on Tuesday experts warned that
transporting vulnerable babies and
patients is a perilous proposition under
even the best
circumstances the chances of safe
transport of sick and Tiny newborns are
extremely low low to zero because if you
can't transport
in safety meaning that uh you can get to
your
destination and if you don't have
skilled providers in the in the uh
ambulance and you can't go by airplane
obviously and uh you don't have the the
right equipment you know you're you're
just it's a hopeless situation I'm so
sorry to say it's you know for me as a
pediatrician uh and somebody who's been
involved in crisis like this it's it's
really
heartbreaking the health Ministry in the
Hamas run territory said 40 patients
including three babies have died since
shifa's emergency generator ran out of
fuel Saturday another 36 babies are at
risk of dying because there is no power
for incubators according to the ministry
they're fragile begin with and not
having oxygen not having fuel to run the
hospital generators not having
electricity
um and then having Hamas
blocking uh the transition in any case
or the transport in any case from the
hospital where they are to safety uh is
very difficult since the war between
Israel and Hamas erupted the shifa
hospital has acted as a shelter for tens
of thousands residents fleeing their
homes it is critically important that
Hamas has got to stop using medical
facilities uh as shields for Terror
activities right now we know that
they're stealing fuel that needs is
needed by ambulances and by keeping
Hospital generators working uh they're
blocking passage from the hospitals
where these babies are to where they can
get to
safety