the US carried out its fifth strike
against the hoodis but that isn't
deterring the Yemen based Rebel group a
fact which even the Biden Administration
is acknowledging and the houthis have
struck yet another US ship in the Red
Sea now while the houthis who are backed
by Iran claim to have achieved a
successful hit on the US owned tanker
ship the US military says that the two
anti-ship ballistic missiles were fired
at M CM Ranger tanker ship but the
missiles impacted the water near the
ship and there were not reported
injuries or damage to the ship now
earlier in the counter strike the US
Navy's f8 fighter aircraft destroyed to
H the anti-ip missiles and as per the US
Central Command the destroyed missiles
were aimed at the southern Red Sea and
were in full Readiness for launch the us
along with UK has been launching strikes
against the houthis but the rebel group
says it will continue the Red Sea
attacks till the time Israel stops his
assault on Gaza and now you US President
Joe Biden has said that the
collaborative strikes against huthis
will continue even though it has not yet
deterred the rebel group from targeting
Commercial and Military vessels in the
Red Sea the Biden Administration which
relisted the repell group under
specially designated Global terrorists
the US Pentagon also said that the
deterrence has not immediately stopped
the Hui aggression but has definitely
lowered the
frequency the end goal is for these
attacks to stop for us to deter uh houie
Strikes Again from commercial shipping
that has been transiting the Red Sea for
many many decades and should be allowed
to continue uh freely without harassment
or without fear of bombardment from um
houthi controlled areas in
Yemen the vice president of Yemen's
internationally recognized government
says that air strikes alone can't deter
the hoodis and a ground offensive is
necessary now idus Al zupi heads the
cesin southern transitional Council
which wants to split the country back
into and reversing its 1990 unification
he says that a Saudi Le military
intervention launched in support of the
government in 2015 which also involved
air strikes that had been insufficient
to deter the
hoodis
[Music]