certainly I'm a friend of Jewish
people which I suppose makes me a friend
of
Israel and sometimes it takes a friend
to tell a friend where they're going
wrong and that is this moment this is
indefensible I've made a point of
actually getting in a little earlier
than usual to read as much as I possibly
can about the events that led to the
death of these seven Aid workers and
every single fact is horrific
not least the vehicles as I think you
probably all know because you'll have
seen in newspaper photographs or on TV
they're all clearly displayed as
carrying Aid workers they have the
various emblems and everything else did
you know they're also operating on
routes that are approved by the Israeli
Defense Forces so these are routes that
they know these vehicles go down to
facilitate facilitate Aid getting into
Gaza so they're clearly marked vehicles
on predesignated routes and supposedly
we're told the Precision of the Israeli
military which we're meant to believe is
one of the greatest on
Earth with three separate strikes with
time apart from them authorized again I
read but needs a senior military figure
it needs a military lawyer whatever that
is it needs an area commander and still
this went ahead so uh from one friend to
another this has to stop and I would
suggest that at the very least when you
consider that it is possible I don't
know anything about drone missiles but
presumably it's possible the missiles
that we sell to Israel have just killed
three of our own citizens along with
four other innocent workers all of the
Britain I understand who served in the
military some with a degree of
Distinction and it could have been our
own missiles that killed
them I was just now is the time that we
suspend temporarily suspend the sail of
arms to Israel because some message has
to get through