joining me now in this live telecast is
Aviva Kuma CEO boundless Israel it's
it's a forum that educates about Israel
and combats anti-Semitism she's joining
us from New York Aviva I've been
noticing you've been very active on
social media on Twitter you've been
putting out these heartbreaking images
of people being taken hostage those who
have been killed families that have been
wiped off how do you see this whole de
situation that is developing right
now Saturday was one of the darkest days
in Israel
history and certainly as the fog of war
recedes and events becomes clearer I
think that it might well end up being
The Darkest Day in Israel's history
Kamas has shown a savagery that should
Shock the World to its core it invaded
Israel by land by air by sea it attacked
a number of Israeli communities as
people were in their homes in the early
hours celebrating Shabbat and the Jewish
holiday of
sukot the stories and scenes images and
videos that have emerged of these
attacks will stop your blood cold you're
seeing attacks of terrorists barging
into homes and shooting entire families
pulling the elderly out of nursing homes
and kidnapping them to Gaza there was a
number of young adults at a music
festival in the desert Kamas arrived
they shot at these youngsters they threw
Gren grenades many many people have been
taken hostage this includes mothers with
babies in their arms children teenagers
entire families the elderly and they're
now being held by a barbaric terrorist
organization inside of Gaza being denied
their basic rights and it is war crime
upon War crime upon War crime will this
be seen as a war crime as remember at
least over a 100 people are still
hostage thank you I appreciate you
speaking to us Aviva and for your
updates constantly on social media as
well