at the Rafa Crossing between Egypt and
Gaza 28 out of 31 premature babies are
transported into Egypt for emergency
treatment they were evacuated by The Who
from alifa hospital in Gaza due to a
lack of electricity and security risks
before being taken over to Egypt a few
babies were reunited with their parents
at an emirati run Hospital in the
southern part of the
strip I have twin
daughters I did not know anything about
their
condition today I saw them for the first
time since the day I gave birth to them
thank God I was reassured that they were
[Music]
fine the newborns are in critical
condition and are fighting for their
lives they are part of an initial group
of 33 babies of which two died in their
incubators following a collapse of
medical services at Aliva Hospital
they've been given antibiotics and
oxygen overnight and are being rewarmed
to normal body
temperature of the 31 that were
transferred to Emira Hospital 11 or 12
are in critical condition uh one of them
was put on uh ventilator last night life
support machine they all uh are either
premature or low birth weight all of
them have serious infections the World
Health Organization is working with the
Palestinian red crescent and UNICEF to
track down the baby's parents the r of
border crossing remains busy with
Palestinian authorities reporting that a
Jordanian medical team of 180 staff
entered Gaz on Monday 40 trucks
transported equipment to set up a field
Hospital the first since the start of
the conflict authorities aimed to build
the facility in Han yunas and running
within 48 hours with the majority of
hospitals in The Enclave no longer
functioning and the health system
collapsing it's hoped that the field
hospital will provide urgent medical
services to the 30,000 wounded in the
strip