fahza residents have taken to the
streets to protest against Israel and to
support Palestinian prisoners on a
hunger strike matter thousand prisoners
are entering the third week of strike
action which attained is only taking in
water and salt strikers have gained
backing through social media and people
are now demonstrating daily to support
them Muhammed Mansur joins us live from
those protests in Gaza and I just
explained exactly why they're protesting
at this particular time
yeah actually the protest has ended just
30 minutes ago this British was the huge
demonstration from the gardens as along
the Main Street of the Gaza Strip Salah
had been freed from the far north of the
Gaza Strip to d4a south from Beit Hanoun
to the to the Rafah crossing
thousands of people were gathering here
in this street to demonstrate against
the siege as they say and as the
blockade which is has been posed on the
Gaza Strip since 2006 also they have
been some of the slogans they say that
Mahmoud Abbas the President of the
Palestinian Authority has also are
imposing a new measures to tighten the
the siege maybe you know that Mahmoud
Abbas or the post in your authority has
cut the supply of electricity in the
Gaza Strip and has slashing the this
place has slashed these salaries which
is the main stage of the stranded Gaza
economy so the demonstration also is
against the blockade against the poles
in under 30 and against the Israeli
majors of tithing the the blockade but
presumably Israel won't take a great
deal of notice about these protests how
much effect will they have on map mood
Abbas
[Music]
so can you repeat the question please no
sir I'm saying is very doubtful that
Israel will take any notice of this sort
of pressure but Joe does not will Mac
moon about the pla president that have
to take notice
you're actually a far if I could
understand your question I can hear you
really the the demonstration is also to
support the Palestinian prisoners who
are on hunger strike for for more than
fifteen days yesterday
sorry ok I think we'll leave it there
but thank you very much indeed for
joining us we got the general idea from
the protest thank you
[Music]
you