moving on now the United States its
reiterated Military Support to Israel as
the latter continues its operations in
won Gaza US foreign secretary Lloyd
Austin addressed a joint press
conference with Israel's defense
minister UAV galand on Monday the press
conference it comes on the heels of
Austin's multi-day visit to West Asia as
the blooded battle in Gaza is well into
its third
month America's commitment to Israel is
unwavering and no individual ual group
or state should test our
resolve so in the Red Sea we're leading
a multinational Maritime task force to
uphold the Bedrock principle of freedom
of
navigation Iran support for hoodi
attacks on Commercial vessels must stop
the defense secretary also clarified
that his visit is not focused on
dictating terms to Israel as the country
has the right to defend itself however
the statement comes as a contradiction
to Washington pushing for a more scale
down operation targeting Hamas in
Gaza and I'm not here to dictate
timelines or
terms our support uh to Israel's right
to defend itself is Ironclad as you've
heard me say a number of
times Austin also addressed simmering
tensions on the second war front at the
Israel Lebanon border the Pentagon Chief
sent out a Stern message to Lebanese
militant group
hisbah I'm Le on uh we've been clear
that uh we don't want to see this
conflict widened into a a uh larger war
or Regional war and uh and we call upon
uh Hezbollah uh to make sure that uh
they don't do things that would provoke
a wider
conflict meanwhile families of hostages
released and those still in hamas's
captivity were seen protesting outside
the venue of the meeting the
demonstrators called on the United
States to pressure Israeli authorities
or a fresh deal that would release all
hostages from
captivity I would like them to talk
about the deal deal to H bring back all
the hostages H I don't care if we will
need to stop the war for this or give
the Palestinian prisoners even all of
them the it must be a deal H to bring
them all back
home the families have set up tents
outside Israel's defense Ministry and
vowed to not leave until a new deal has
been
[Music]
struck