welcome back and let's cut across to
some latest news which is coming in
right now we just told you that UK prime
minister Rishi sun has landed in Israel
and after landing in the country he has
said and I'm quoting the statement that
has come from him that I'm in Israel a
nation in grief I grieve with you and
Stand By You Against the evil that is
Terrorism today and always that's the
word coming in from Rishi sunak uh the
country of United Kingdom like us has
expressed its unwavering and unequivocal
support sidhant give us more details
well yes that's right so um as as I was
pointing out UK was perhaps the first
few countries uh to condemn the attacks
by Hamas and perhaps you know issued a
very strong statement against uh
terrorism and this time around again
when rashak is in t the third uh prime
minister to be in in Tel Aviv in
solidarity with the people of Israel he
has posted few photographs generic
photographs from the streets of T Aviv
uh which is still under constant threats
from the Rockets uh being fired by Hamas
and he tweets that I'm here I stand with
you today and always so this is a
message that prime minister Rak is
giving right out right now despite the
attack uh attack on the hospital the
Carnage that hospital in Gaza saw so you
know uh what the what the foreign policy
experts were believe were looking at was
a possibility that there could be some
sort of a dilution in the in the stand
that Western block have has taken in
backing Israel post the Carnage at the
hospital but it looks like that there's
not going to be uh the stand is not
going to get diluted the Western block
is still backing Israel in the same way
all they have started supporting now is
the humanitarian Corridor which any
which ways is going to get executed
because President Biden announced it
yesterday so since Rishi sunak is there
we could expect some sort of an
humanitarian uh Aid to be announced for
the people of Palestine that is likely
on the cards to what extent Israel is
going to allow that it is also going to
be very important San because the one
coming in from the Rafa border is
something on which Israel has imposed a
lot of conditions please stay with us
sidhant the Israeli media has given out
a statement