fore
for can a democracy you know you call
yourself a moral
democracy continue to watch this that's
unfolding in Gaza right now that says
yep you have a right to self-defense but
these civilian casualties are just too
much so my question to you is is there
not a military way to separate civilians
and take care of civilians as Petraeus
said he's been through many wars against
terrorists in civilian areas was there
not a better way first of all we don't
want to see any civilians killed and I
repeat that we don't want to see any
civilians caught up in the crossfire
between Hamas and the Israeli Defense
Forces but having said that we're up
against a brutal and horrific
enemy
say there was a Siege he said it himself
no food no water no fuel no medicine
that's what y g said I don't know what I
don't it's not true oober theth talking
about coming in yes going into Gaza
you're talking about the crossings from
Israel so at the beginning we allowed
that to go through the the the I
Crossing at Rafa and then we opened up
uh a few weeks later we opened up when
we saw there was a greater need we
opened up the crossing Kum Shalon which
is our Crossing but you have to
understand following the October 7th
Massacre the feeling in Israel was you
know the The Crossings were attacked by
the
terrorist so that's it then no political
solution you're basically telling your
biggest friends and your biggest
military suppliers the United states
that no you won't consider prime
minister says in its entirety he has
repeatedly said that the Palestinians
should have all the powers to rule
themselves but none of the powers to
threaten Israel seventh we don't want to
see ever again a repeat of that horrific
attack on status peace the Palestinians
will have less than