six weeks of Anguish 5 days of marching
has brought the families of those taken
to Gaza from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem
joined by thousands of supporters
demanding Israel's prime minister meets
them it should have not have
required a March of 80 kilometers with
people suffering and family suffering
only in order to get a meeting with a
prime minister among the crowd Shel
shemtov whose 21-year-old son om was
taken by Hamas at the music festival
near Gaza that
day it's 43 days of nightmare we don't
sleep we don't
eat I don't know what about my son if
he's a eating if they are giving him
food if they are beating him I don't
know nothing it's nightmare is is
helping coming here marching here very
much it's it's it's a power I I don't
know if if you you see all the people
they are giving us
power they were here with a message for
the Israeli government Moran Mina whose
grandmother is being held says it should
have only one mission in
Gaza the message is that there will be
no Victory we already lost we have 240
people in Gaza we need to bring them all
back and this is our
victory
in a moment of Haunting poignancy they
released balloons one for every hostage
missing Israel is a very small country
everybody seems to know somebody who was
affected by the events of October the
7th directly or indirectly whether they
were killed or wounded or taken hostage
there is a very somber feeling to this
March a real sense of sadness and deep
pain but also a determination that their
voices are heard both inside the Israeli
government and far beyond the March that
ended up outside his office only adds to
the pressure on Israel's beleaguered
leader our prime minister doesn't belong
here sorry he he he lost his credit long
ago and what happened in the past
year is horrible and it led to these
events no I'm sorry Mr Natan should go
home by the end of the day a rally in
Tel Aviv to keep up pressure on the
Prime Minister that he seems to be
bowing to Benjamin nety who finally
agreed he will meet the hostage families
along with his War cabinets on Monday
Dominic waghorn Sky News
Jerusalem