benjamin netanyahu has doubled down on a
pledge to annex some 40 kilometers of
occupied land along the border with
jordan if he is re-elected as prime
minister
we will apply the sovereignty
immediately when the next government is
formed
i'm proud to convene this special
cabinet meeting in the jordan valley
it's not only the eastern gate of the
state of israel
it's also the defense wall from the east
since the jordan valley along the
territories that control it which will
be a part of the state of israel
the jordan valley is the easternmost
region of the west bank it's home to
tens of thousands of palestinians
netanyahu says under his plan
palestinians there can continue to live
in semi-autonomous pockets but
palestinians don't believe him enacting
the jordan valley
in any way or form
means one thing
means
the burying of any prospects of peace
between palestinians and israelis
netanyahu's also received global
criticism the u.n says annexing areas in
the west bank is illegal and at an
emergency meeting of the organization of
islamic corporation held in jeddah the
palestinian foreign minister warned that
netanyahu's declaration was part of a
series of provocative threats
we must work with the international
community for a just and lasting
solution in accordance with the
international law and relevant
resolutions and the arab peace
initiative
and turkey's foreign minister mevel
chavasholu said israel encouraged by the
support of certain countries is
continuing its aggressive policies that
are turning it into a racist apartheid
regime
if the whole muslim community had
reacted together the reckless plans
policies and behaviour of the united
states and israel would never have
reached this point but the israeli prime
minister has a powerful ally last year
the u.s moved its embassy from tel aviv
to jerusalem netanyahu now wants
president donald trump to recognize
israeli sovereignty over settlements in
the west bank
if israel is successful the move could
squash any hopes of a two-state solution
with palestine reigning trt world