[Music]
oh
[Music]
[Music]
up
[Music]
up
[Music]
[Music]
foreign
[Music]
I
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I can tell you we've seen no plans that
would convince us that they are U about
to or imminently going to conduct any
kind of major operations in Rafa um I
think you all know more than a million
Palestinians are are U Sheltering in and
around Rafa uh that's where they were
told to go U there's a lot of displaced
people there and the Israeli military
has a special obligation as they conduct
operations there or anywhere else to
make sure that they're factoring in
protection for uh for innocent civilian
life particularly you know the civilians
that were were pushed into Southern Gaza
by operations further north conun and
and North Gaza I could tell you that
absent any full consideration uh of
protecting civilians at that scale in
Gaza um military operations right now
would be a disaster for those people and
it's not something that we would support
has the US communicated everything that
you just said about protecting civilians
to Israel secretary blinkin uh in his
meetings with the uh Israeli leaders and
the Prime Minister and the war cabinet
uh made clear our
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
concerns
[Music]
[Music]
h
[Music]
I'm of the view as you know
that the
conduct of the
response in Gaza in the Gaza Strip has
been
um over the
top I think that
uh as you
know initially the president of Mexico
CCE did not want to open up the gate to
allow humanitarian material to get in I
talked to him I I convinced to open the
gate I talked to B to open the gate on
the Israeli side I've been pushing
really hard really hard to get
humanitarian assistance into Gaza there
are a lot of innocent people who are
starving a lot of innocent people who
are in trouble and dying and it's got to
stop number
[Music]
one
[Music]
oh
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
oh
[Music]
oh
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]