this is our top story at this hour
israel's former prime minister benjamin
netanyahu is reportedly negotiating a
deal to end its corruption trial if it
goes through the deal could include a
provision banning netanyahu from
politics netanyahu was israel's
longest-serving prime minister he served
a record 12-year tenure from 2009 to
2021. netanyahu became israel's first
sitting prime minister to be indicted on
corruption charges in three separate
indictments he has been charged with
bribery fraud and breach of trust
netanyahu has been accused of accepting
improper gifts
he is also accused of illegally trading
regulatory favor with media moguls in
exchange for positive coverage netanyahu
lost power in june last year as premier
and is now opposition leader he has
pleaded not guilty to the three charges
reports say that 72 year old politician
is in discussions with israeli attorney
general
avi chai mandir blake
he is smiling to plead guilty to reduce
charges and have potential prison time
committed to community service
a number of elements remain unresolved
such as the inclusion of the charge of
moral tapitude the talks have hit a bump
over netanyahu's demand to be spared the
conviction carrying a moral tapitude
clause
under israel law the charge would ban
netanyahu from politics for seven years
if he accepts charge of moral tapitude
settlement could mean the five-time
premier doing community service
the reports have rocked the likud party
netanyahu has held the party in a strong
grip for nearly two decades if the deal
goes through
it could pave way for new leadership of
likud party
last year kindred parties refused to
join netanyahu citing the ongoing trial
liquid had failed to form a new uh
government if he were barred from
politics right-wing members of prime
minister bennett's coalition could opt
to form a new government that's with the
liquid party
under new leadership
health minister nitzan norwitz or
horwitz shared his displeasure over
netanyahu's plea deal in a tweet he said
there was no person who endangered the
rule of israeli law more than netanyahu
adding that netanyahu is not entitled to
deals and facilitations
in the face of the great corrupters the
law must be exhausted
we on is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move