during an unannounced visit to Iraq
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin
issued a warning to third parties
against moves to widen the Israeli Hamas
War to anyone who might seek to take
advantage of the conflict in Gaza to
threaten our Personnel uh here or
anywhere else in the region don't do it
the United States commitment to the
delivery of humanitarian assistance to
gasa and the support for a two-state
solution were also among the topics that
Lincoln said he discussed during a
meeting earlier Sunday with Palestinian
leader Mahmud abas in the West
Bank Lincoln also met over the weekend
with Arab foreign ministers he explained
to them that the US doesn't support an
immediate ceasefire in Israel's war
against Hamas because it will allow the
US designated terror group to regroup
Deputy National Security advisor John
fer elaborated on the matter on ABC's
this
although we have made clear that we
would support and are advocating for
humanitarian pauses uh to allow uh
humanitarian Aid to be distributed uh to
potentially facilitate the release of of
more hostages but a ceasefire won't be
declared until the militant group Hamas
Returns the hostages it kidnapped during
its October 7 terror attack stressed
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu while
visiting an Israeli Air Force Base
Ukrainian President Vladimir zilinski
who appeared on BC's Meet the Press
noted he'd travel to Israel if
conditions allow to facilitate the
return of stranded ukrainians he was
also asked if he believes Israel is
following the laws of war if terrorists
are attacking if terrorists attack if
they if they behead children children
you have full right to defend people and
defend your own country state if we can
open Humanity in corridors take away
prisoners of War uh help people who are
not involved there the whole world
should do this his remarks came as the
world food program Chief Cindy McCain
warned again that Food Supplies are
running out in Gaza and that the crisis
threatens Regional peace and stability
Veronica vesas vaa News
Washington