there's been a lot of focus on how
crypto is used to fund terrorist
organizations and militant groups so
since the Palestinian militant group
Hamas launched an attack on Israel at
the start of October the role of crypto
in funding militant groups and Terror
organizations has really come into the
spotlight Hamas itself has been known to
raise money via cryptocurrencies over
the past few weeks the Israelis have
Frozen several cryptocurrency wallets it
said were linked to
Hamas many people say that crypto is an
extremely useful tool for these kind of
organizations it's largely Anonymous the
money that anyone sends over the
blockchain that's the technology that
underpins cryptocurrency is usually just
identified by a string of letters and
numbers it's difficult to track and this
means that for militant groups or
terrorists seeking to raise money crypto
has become a very popular tool now it's
not completely Anonymous cryptocurrency
companies that means exchanges as well
as law enforcement organizations can
actually work out who is sending the
money but it takes a bit of work for
them to do
that the United Nations official said in
20122 that about 5% of Terror attacks
were considered to be financed by
cryptocurrencies a variety of
cryptocurrencies are known to be used by
terrorist groups and militant groups to
raise funds that said while bit coin is
popular stable coins that's a type of
cryptocurrency that's designed to keep a
very steady value have become more
popular in recent years there are also a
number of other sources that these
groups use to raise funds that's
anything from Charities shell companies
Investments overseas to also raise funds
so crypto is definitely part of the mix
but it's very difficult to say exactly
what
[Music]
proportion
[Music]