[Music]
the situation is quite desperate very
large number of people 1.5 1.8 million
people crammed into a small area with
very few services not enough clean water
not enough food to go around and
certainly not enough health care and
access to
hospitals
this is where Patients First enter the
facility and we have the triage here
where people come and explain what it is
they would like to to find what kind of
service they want they're then held in a
waiting area and then they're brought
through
and here we are in the facility clearly
it's still being built at the moment so
not all of the services are working but
what we do have is family medicine and
minor emergency medicine we have the
pharmacy over here where we keep all of
the drugs and
supplies we have uh a number of family
doctor stations which grad ually will
become an emergency department as the
hospital becomes fully operational over
here we have
Administration further down this
building
here is going to be an inpatient Ward
you can see that there are three
entrance ways three different Wards and
there will be 12 beds in each Ward so 36
patients in here then if we go into to
the the second part you can see the rest
of the
hospital this is one large inpatient
space so this is another large Ward for
20 or 30 patients that is going to be
the operating theater so that's where
surgery will be and next to it we have
or we will have a laboratory stero
ization and a
laundry the guys here are digging a
toilet and then over the back is a
logistics area so that will be a large
store uh water supply or additional
water supply
incinerator and um other storage areas
for some of the equipment which we will
then screen off and that's the whole
Hospital