Australia is in shock following a second
stabbing attack in as many days Sunday
evening a bishop was assaulted at the
alar during a live streamed church
service it comes after five women and a
man were murdered at a mall in Sydney
CTV Sarah Plowman joins us Sarah any
indication the two events are
linked Sandy there's no immediate
indication that the two stabbings are
linked but both have left people angry
and shocked pain permeated Sydney
already emotions were running High when
police responded to another stabbing
this one at a church a bishop was
attacked during a service streamed
online upon arrival police identified
the two Church parishioners had been
stabbed by 15-year-old male churchgoers
held the suspect down until police
arrived an Angry Crowd gathered outside
at times clashing with police a number
of place were injured and multiple place
Vehicles were damaged Australians were
already reeling already hurt and
confused why a man went to a crowded
shopping mall 2 days before to stab and
kill before being shot and killed by
police of the six who died five were
women seems to be U an area of interest
that the offender had focused on women
and avoided the men the mall attacker
has been identified as 40-year-old Joel
couchy his father says his son has
schizophrenia and wanted a girlfriend
the you is a monster to me he was a very
sick boy believe me he was a very sick
boy among the injured was a 9-month-old
baby girl whose mother died protecting
her the baby is in hospital she's moved
from critical to Serious uh that is a
big change and a significant Improvement
as for the stabbing at the church police
say there are no life-threatening
injuries that the 15-year-old is known
to them and that he seriously injured
his hand and is asked to speak with his
parents Sandy CTV sah Plowman on the
stabbing attacks in Australia