when Hamas stormed a music festival in
southern Israel Canadian Alex look was
in the crowd he did not survive it was
hard to believe it just so
Random a young man attending a concert
somewhere in the desert the Montreal
Jewish Learning Center habad Westmount
confirmed his death on social media Alex
was visiting Israel and died in one of
the terrorist attacks as he heroically
and selflessly saved others while
fending off the attackers the
33-year-old montrealer leaves behind a
mother father and sister they're just
devastated
brokenhearted we're trying to give them
that sense of
support more than 260 people who
attended the same music festival were
also
killed Drone footage shows rows of cars
in the desert abandoned in the Panic to
flee the Ambush was part of a
multi-pronged incursion by Hamas with
Canadians now among the missing and
captive the latest identified as
38-year-old dual citizen Addie vatel
Capon Canada's former Justice Minister
Irwin Cotler tweeted she is an Israeli
Canadian with deep Ottawa Roots she was
brutally abducted by Hamas along with
her two children the children were
rescued but AI remains captive it's a
terrible situation and obviously it's a
great concern to not only to the Jewish
Community but to the Canadian public as
a
whole pro-israel rallies were held in
cities across Canada we have come
together to express our unwavering
support for
Israel while Pro Palestinian protesters
also gathered where some expressed
support for Hamas what this moment
demonstrates to the world is that we
have the right as a colonized people to
resist in light of the large
demonstrations Toronto police have
increased their presence we want to be
very very clear that we will not
tolerate intimidation harassment or hate
motivated Behavior aimed at specific
communities along with the rallies there
are also vigils planned for the missing
and for Alex look Global News spoke to a
childhood friend who described him as a
kind person who loved to travel and says
his family is now frantically trying to
bring his body back from Israel to
Canada Tera
Global News Ottawa