even as hostilities continue on the
ground there are negotiations between
the two sides in this conflict though
not face Toof face talks between Hamas
and Israel are taking place in Cotter
through mediators qari officials the US
and at times Egypt have been
involved according to the Qatari prime
minister a deal for the release of some
hostages may be imminent the sticking
points honestly uh uh at this stage are
more uh practical
logistical the foundation of the
tentative agreement that would at least
temporarily stop the fighting seems to
be
settled according to reports it's a
six-page document some of the finer
details are still being ironed
out but the basics are that Hamas would
release 50 hostages women and children
being held in Gaza in return both sides
would pause fighting for 5 days and
Israel would allow more humanitarian Aid
in the Israeli ambassador to the US
Sunday morning on ABC said he's hopeful
don't want to go into the details of
these talks they are obviously very
sensitive the less we go into the
details they better the chances of such
a deal but they are very serious
efforts the Israeli Prime Minister said
as recently as Saturday that right now
there is no deal and that his government
won't Buckle under International
pressure calling for a
ceasefire but he is also under pressure
from here at home there have been
several rallies this weekend pushing
Benjamin Netanyahu to free the hostages
bring them home
now now it appears the two sides have
been close to a deal at a few points
over the last month but each time
something got in the way there are a lot
of things to figure out such as how the
hostages would be handed over and the
assurances Hamas Fighters transporting
them would be allowed to leave safely
whatever happens Benjamin Netanyahu says
a pause would be temporary Israeli
troops as soon as it expired would go
right back to rooting out Hamas Fighters