A desperate search for survivors is
underway in Taiwan following the
strongest earthquake there in 25
years horrific dash cam video captures
the moment a landslide was triggered by
the 7.4 magnitude Quake that killed at
least nine people and injured hundreds
of others many of whom remained trapped
beneath the rubble the epicenter was
southeast of the capital taipe where
Tremors were felt about 150 kilom away
ctv's Andrew Johnson brings us the
latest
developments it hit during the morning
Rush rocking cars as drivers slammed on
the brakes some forced to jump out and
run for their lives a building coming
down right next to them other commuters
tossed around on
trains live broadcasts were
interrupted inside homes the shaking
sparked Panic among the many trying to
hang on Vancouver's Charlie W who says
he froze inside his 12th floor Taipei
apartment the plates and glass jars and
bottles and all hit the floor shattering
it was a moment
of darkness and you reflect on your life
Woo is grateful to be okay but says the
aftershocks just keep coming it's always
like your bed is moving and or your it's
even the movement almost like you know
the the ocean movement you know when you
take a cruise
rescue teams have been working around
the clock trying to Free People trapped
by debris or in buildings left
precariously leaning Taiwan is a world
leader in earthquake preparedness strict
building codes and widespread public
education are being credited with saving
lives the island also uses an early
warning system similar to one expected
to go live in Canada later this spring
the amount of warning uh really depends
on the uh distance of the earthquake so
a large earthquake directly Beneath Your
Feet there won't be time but
seismologists in BC's earthquake zone
near Metro Vancouver say if the Quake
hits offshore like it did in Taiwan an
amber alert style warning will buy
precious time most likely would be 5
Seconds 10 seconds 20 seconds that's not
a lot of time but experts say it could
be enough to trigger automatic shutdowns
for trains or tunnels disrupt the flow
to Pipelines and open up bay doors at
fireh Halls while the rest of us use
those few seconds to drop take cover and
hold on Heather Andrew thank you