news in brief Israeli forces said that
humanitarian situation in Gaza is under
control further clarifying that Aid
would be delivered only to Southern Gaza
where the Army has ordered people to
relocate adding that no fuel would enter
the
territory a convoy of trucks carrying
food water and other emergency supplies
provided by the Egyptian red Cent and
the United Nations arrived in Gaza on
Saturday to help hundreds of
Palestinians
strikes continued in the Gaza Strip on
Saturday while Aid was loaded in trucks
to be distributed in The Enclave the
border crossing between Egypt and Gaza
has opened to lead let a trickle of
desperately needed eight into besieged
Palestinian territory for the first time
since
War an Israeli air strike hit the area
compound
uh in Gaza on Saturday after the health
facility warned to evacuate the air
strike struck the family home some 200 M
from the hospital where Palestinian red
Criss and Cru
operate a barrage of Israeli air strikes
in gaza's southern city of K yunes near
a un School struck several residential
buildings on Saturday prompting a
frantic rescue effort as Medics rushed
dozens of wounded Palestinians to
hospital ambulances and vehicles brought
injured people to a hospital in KH unit
after a strike in the city thousands of
people moved to KH Unis after being
evacuated from naden Gaza
STP more than 4,200 people have been
displaced from villages in southern
Lebanon by
Clash due to clashes on the border with
Israel with that we head into a way shot
break coming up on live and breaking the
Maha payoff scam explodes we'll get your
details on the other
side also coming up on the other side
TMC officially distances