on its 84th day of war with Israel Gaza
wakes up to more Thick Smoke and Rubble
over the last 2 days Israeli air strikes
pounded densely populated cities like
deral Bala and Han Yunis in southern
Gaza which up until now had been places
of Refuge for thousands of displaced
Palestinians after a night of non-stop
explosions the injured and dead were
rushed to the AL AA Hospital in De Al
Bala one of the few medical facilities
still standing
the Israeli forces continued their
offensive on Central gaza's refugee
camps hitting the mahzi camp on Thursday
survivors desperately searched through
the ruins for any sign of
Life they told us to go to Rafa but we
don't want to why to go to live in the
streets
there the whole neighborhood here was
evacuated they bummed the school but we
didn't leave because we don't have
anywhere else to
go this air strike comes days after the
Israelis launch their deadliest
bombardment on the same camp last Sunday
which Hamas officials say killed at
least 70 Palestinians the Israeli
government acknowledged the severity of
the strike this was a regrettable
mistake this should not have happened
the choice of munition was incorrect and
when we are dealing with a very
complicated war zone an area that I'll
remind you is a unique counterterrorism
challenge that no Army in the history of
world has had to deal with it is
inevitable that with Stakes will will be
made the fighting is now focused on the
central and southern areas of the strip
according to the UN 100,000 people have
streamed into RFA the southern Border
City as violence intensified in recent
days but the town's shabura Camp was
shelled on Thursday evening casting
doubt on whether Rafa remains a place of
safety as the situation grows desperate
and Palestinians have nowhere to go
Israel's foreign Ministry says it has
given preliminary approval to Cyprus for
a maritime Humanity Arian Corridor to
ship Aid to Gaza whilst Egypt aims to
negotiate a ceasefire plan with the
Hamas delegation due in Cairo later
today