well the fighting in Gaza is now in its
seventh month and it has overshadowed
the increasingly tense situation further
north Israeli troops have engaged in
Daily exchanges of fire with Hezbollah
militia Fighters across the border in
Lebanon on Thursday the military said
Israeli Jets hit Hezbollah military
Targets in the areas of ma El jabal
yarin and Kiam they also targeted the
hisbah observation post in the area of
marahin and another compound in aldira
in southern Lebanon the Iranian backed
group is thought to have a large arsenal
of missiles it has long been considered
to be one of the most likely forces that
thean could use against Israel but so
far both sides have held back from a
fullscale
confrontation Israeli troops and war
planes started an operation in central
Gaza which the military said was aimed
at destroying infrastructure of armed
Palestinian groups most Israeli troops
have been pulled out of Gaza in
preparation for an assault on the
southern Gaza City of
Rafa over 1 million Palestinians are
Sheltering in the southern Gaza City but
fighting has continued in various areas
of The Enclave residents and militants
said Fighters have engaged in gun
battles with Israeli forces which
attacked the northern and southern areas
of al- nerat refugee camp Hamas leader
ISM Han has his group was still seeking
a deal for a ceasefire and hostage
release after an Israeli strike killed
three of his sons in Gaza speaking in
Qatar while receiving condolences Hana
said the interests of the Palestinian
people are placed above everything he
told news agency Reuters and this is
what he said we are seeking to reach a
deal but the occupation is still
procrastinating and evading a response
to the
demands
for all the latest news download the
weon app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel