as context Gaza is under a blockade for
almost 17 years so for example doctors
cannot go to do training anywhere they
cannot get inside the the equipment they
need sometimes for the operations even
gloves or like needles we make sure not
to be in any interaction with the Hamas
group the militant group but we are in
contact with medical personnel inside
Gaza first of all we see people who are
dedicated to the health of their people
in a really uh inspiring way
and also their abilities as doctors is
is really tremendous there's a lot of
motivation a lot of care for their
people and we see that and they are very
uh thirsty for this connection right
with the outside world and also it's
important because all the the our
volunteers that go inside Gaza are
Palestinian citizens of Israel this is
very important to us to make this
connection to strengthen this
connections between Palestinian citizens
of Israel doctors who want to help and
be in close ties with their uh people in
Gaza who are disconnected from from the
world basically could you please give us
an idea about how D the situation now in
Gaza facing your health peers they are
under
tremendous tensions and pressure and
they see their families running away
from uh Israeli bombings on uh
residential areas in Gaza when we talk
to them so tired and so exhausted really
of doing all they can for the people we
haven't been able to get our people
inside there we're trying all the time
to get our doctors in and a lot of
humanitarian equipment in we're still
not getting any approval from the
Israeli government to do so we're still
trying but the fact that we have this
long-standing trust relations with the
people on the ground the doctors on the
ground is very important because we we
get the information of what's happening
and we try to get this information out
to the world to get the International
Community involved to see that the
humanitarian crisis in Gaza is really
unbearable and something needs to be
done in order to stop the fire and get
humanitarian Aid in as soon as possible
because the system is
collapsing