Hamas head
command but Hamas is escalating its
offensive against Israel as well a
barrage of rockets were fired from the
Gaza Strip towards Central Israel and
several Rockets flying over T Aviv have
been captured on camera only to be
countered by Israel's Iron Dome shield
now some however have penetrated the
firewall and struck Central Israel
resulting in power outages the people in
Tel Aviv are on their toes and seek
shelter as soon as the air siren goes
off now take a look at this ground
report people right now running towards
the safer places and the siren sound is
in fact a warning that the racket is
being fired from the Gaza side because
we have seen that during the last 3 4
days they have been regularly trying to
Target K area it has been on the radar
of the Hamas terrorist and right now you
can see people running toward the safer
places because as you can hear that
siren sound the bluring sound of the
siren it was first heard on October 7th
when more than 5,000 Rockets fired in
this direction
and right now also you can see the siren
sound is being heard now you can hear
the sound of the explosion now you can
hear the sound of the explosion this
this is a normal scene here this has
become a new normal here in Israel
almost every day there's hardly a day
when the rocket is not being fired the
best option at that time is just to lie
on the ground because this is the
favorable weapon that they are trying to
use to scare people here trying to
Target people here trying to uh inflict
losses here and inflict casual
but because of iron do many times they
do not succeed and right now also
thankfully the both the lockets were
detected by Iron dos and they were
blasted here in the sky prad dat with
sain rat for times now