Iranian president Ibrahim RI is visiting
neighboring Ally turkey on his first
official trip to the country Rei's visit
comes as the Israel Hamas war is
escalating tensions across West Asia
speaking at a press conference AI along
with Turkish president erduan said that
Israel's inhuman attack on Gaza must end
for lasting peace in the region turkey
has been vocal in its condemnation of
Israel's attack on Gaza and has
repeatedly called for an immediate
ceasefire however anara has maintained
its commercial t with Israel prompting
criticism from Tan in 2021 Israeli
exports to Turkey across $2 billion on
the other hand Turkish exports to Israel
touch $6.3
billion turkey has now removed Israel
from its list of countries targeted for
export Turkish exports to Israel fell to
$300 million in November last year
during his visit re he said that the
United States was abetting Israel in its
crimes and that it has a blood of women
and children on its
hands such an attitude should be taken
against the Zionist regime that is
dissuasive and certainly cutting
economic and political relations with
the Zionist regime will be effective on
the issue of ending the torment and the
murders of the Zionist regime we believe
that when countries that have relations
with the Zionist regime take a
dissuasive attitude towards the country
it will be effective in ending this
storment and these m
we must also remember that turkey and
Iran have usually had complicated ties
standing at odds over a host of issues
primarily the Syrian Civil War anara has
back Rebels looking to our Syrian
president Bashar Assad and mounted
several incursions into Northern Syria
against militants while tan supports his
government turkey has recently taken
steps to improve ties with Damascus the
discussions between RI and also extended
to energy and economic cooperation a
total of 10 cooperation documents have
been signed in the fields of culture
media Transportation electricity energy
and economic and trade zones both the
countries have set a goal to boost their
annual trade to 30 billion RI expressed
optimism that his visit would strengthen
Iran turkey cooperation on multiple
levels
[Music]