a humanitarian crisis is brewing in Gaza
over 2 million of its residents are
exposed to Relentless Israeli bombings
that's continued for over 2 weeks now
more than 4,300 people have been killed
in Gaza so far most of them not
associated with the Hamas militant group
that led an unprecedented attack on
Israel Israel is now executing a total
Siege hundreds of thousands to force
Hamas release of hostages and to prepare
for ground Invasion but the civilians in
Gaza p paying the price of the W without
food water and fuel families in Gaza are
forced to ration resources hygiene
products have disappeared from
supermarkets clean water is scarce and
with Israel ordering an evacuation of
Northern Gaza thousands are now moving
into the already overpopulated South the
displaced people the sleeping in cars M
some out in the open as well the price
of Clean Water that's more than doubled
in Gaza following the war a fresh threat
is looming large Oxfam and United
Nations agencies they warned that the
collapse of water and sanitation
services will soon spark BS of chalera
and other deadly infectious diseases if
urgent humanitarian Aid is not
delivered most of Gaza 65 sewage pumping
stations and all five of its wastewater
treatment facilities have been forced to
stop operations desalination plans have
stopped working municipalities are
unable to pump water to residential as
because of the power shortage some
people in Gaza are relying on salty tap
water from the enclave's only aquaa
which is contaminated with sewage and
sea water or some have even resorted to
drinking straight sea water others are
being forced to drink from Farm Wells so
fears are growing that dehydration and
water bone diseases will lead to a
greater humanitarian catastrophe and
that to at a time when four out of 34
hospitals in Gaza are no longer
operational others are overwhelmed with
injured patients and families in need of
shelter agencies say more humanitarian
Aid is needed to flow into Gaza urgently
Von is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move