now Joe Biden's efforts to bring down
tensions in the war between Israel and
amas face massive setbacks even before
he departed for West Asia Jordan called
off the president's planned Summit with
the Arab leaders after the deadly
explosion at the Gaza Hospital killed
hundreds as the crisis spirals the
Iranian foreign minister is in the Saudi
city of jeda for an emergency meeting of
the OIC Nations the role of Saudi Arabia
remains hugely sensitive some analysts
suggest moves to normalize the kingdom
Zone relationship with Israel could have
been one of the motivations for the
attack by Hamas the emergency meeting of
OIC Nations becomes critical in this
context remember in March tan and Riyad
agreed to reestablish relations after
years of
hostility the Hamas run Health Ministry
in Gaza blamed an Israeli air strike the
Israeli military said it had no
involvement and pinned the blame on a
misfired Palestinian rocket Jordan's
foreign minister said and I'm quoting
here this war and this aggression are
pushing the region to the bring he
stated Jordan would only host the summit
when all participants agreed on its
purpose which would be to stop the war
and respect the humanit humanity of
Palestinians while in the air Biden
released a statement saying that he was
outraged and deeply saddened by the
explosion at the hospital and the
terrible loss of life that had resulted
he said he spoke immediately after
hearing the news with King Abdullah II
of Jordan and Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu Netanyahu is blaming
barbaric terrorist but Biden has
directed his National Security team to
continue gathering information about
what exactly
happened the cancellation of Jordan leg
of the strip reflects an increasingly
volatile situation that will test the
limits of American influence in the
region Russia and the United Arab
Emirates called for emergency un
security council meeting un chief called
for immediate humanitarian seiz fire in
Israel Hamas conflict speaking at the
Belton Road initiative Forum in China
Antonio gutter stated Hamas attacks can
not justify the collective punishment of
the Palestinian
people Theon is now available in your
country download the app now get all the
news on the move