the White House said Tuesday that it has
evidenced Hamas using alifa hospital to
operate military actions now the remarks
come met harsh criticism from the
International Community over fighting
close to the Corporal hospital where
thousands of people are taking Refuge is
more the White House on Tuesday said it
has Intelligence indicating that Hamas
is using alifa Hospital in Gaza to run
its military operations supporting
Israel's initial claims speaking to
reporters on board Air Force One White
House's National Security spokesperson
John Kirby said that Hamas has stored
weapons at the hospital adding that
using the hospital for military
operations is a war crime Hamas says the
claims are untrue with the surrounding
area the scene of intense fighting in
the past week the hospital suffering
from energy shortages and dwindling
supplies the Gaza Health Ministry says
at least 32 patient
including three premature babies died
over the weekend as the Israeli military
continues to seize key Hamas facilities
during ground offensives in the Gaza
Strip Israeli defense minister yuav
Gallant declared that it has completely
taken control of Northern Gaza Gallant
added that no place will be safe for
Hamas until Israel's mission is complete
and they bring back all the hostages
taken by the Palestinian militant group
Israel also said it had successfully
taken over hamas's Parliament bill
building other government buildings
military and police offices and
intelligence Bureau and as the Israeli
forces advance to the center of Gaza
City the IDF says it has found large
weapons caches and explosives at many
civilian sites including as mosques and
alus University in Gaza City meanwhile
the US and the UK announced a fresh
round the sanctions on Tuesday targeting
Hamas the US's third round of sanctions
this time targets key Hamas officials
it also targets mechanisms through which
Iran provides support for Hamas and its
Ally Palestinian Islamic Jihad the UK on
the other hand sanctioned four Hamas
senior leaders and two financiers
including the militant group's political
leader in Gaza and the commander of its
military arm the sanctions aim to cut
off funding for Hamas following its
deadly attack on Israel last month EJ
adid news