now the war in West Asia is spreading
across the region an Israeli air strike
on a resident Block in southern Lebanon
has killed a Lebanese Australian man his
wife and his brother who the arm group
hasbullah claims was one of their
members Australia's acting foreign
minister Mark draus confirmed the death
of two Australians in the Israeli air
strike draus also said that the albanesi
government is in communication with
Israel after these deaths but he has not
yet disclosed what the said
communication was about
overnight the department of Foreign
Affairs and trade confirmed the death of
two Australian citizens in an air strike
in southern Lebanon the Australian
Embassy in Beirut stands ready to
provide Consular assistance to the
family if
required the air strike which was a part
of a border area hostilities between
Israel and Hezbollah forces has now hit
a home in the town of bint jail where
the powerful Iran back hez buah enjoys
widespread support according to reports
the dead have been identified as Ibrahim
Bazi a Lebanese Australian man his wife
shuk hammud a Lebanese and his brother
Ali Bazi who hasbullah claims was one of
their
Fighters we are aware of the
announcement made by Hezbollah claiming
links to one of the Australians killed
we are seeking to establish the
facts however Hezbollah is a listed
terrorist organization under Australian
law Australia's acting foreign minister
also repeated a government warning for
Australians not to travel to Lebanon he
said Australians who are already in the
country should leave while Services of
commercial flights are still available
as currently Australians are advised not
to travel to the region that is still
trading blows with Israel
for Australians in Lebanon we urge you
to leave while commercial options remain
available in the context of the current
conflict Australia has consistently
called for civilian lives to be
protected and we have consistently
raised our concerns about the risk of
this conflict spreading we on world as
one is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news updates on the move