smoke billows from destroyed homes the
aftermath of an Israeli air strike in
Rafa in southern
Gaza Palestinians rushed to save any
survivors they targeted a house where
there are displaced civilians elderly
and most of them are women and children
this is the second time this house is
targeted at least three people were
killed and several injured in a strike
on a home in alabora Camp about 1
million Palestinians are attempting to
take shelter in Rafa where the deadliest
air strikes are currently focused in Tel
Aviv Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu met with us National Security
adviser Jake Sullivan it's good to see
you again thank you for coming in thank
you for your support well thank you for
having me I'm look very much looking
forward to this meeting and and you have
the support of the United States as you
take on this terrorist threat thank you
thank you amid the handshakes there's
tension the US seeks to reduce civilian
casualties and shorten the war while
Israel vows to fight for
[Music]
months I want to make it clear the
return of our hostages is a central goal
we are not letting go of it even for a
moment even at this
moment in the US President Joe Biden was
asked if he wants Israel to scale back
its assault on Gaza I want them to be
focused on how to save civilian lives
not stop going after Hamas but be more
careful
the UN says Gaza is in total Despair and
on the brink of famine and we meet more
and more people who haven't eaten for
one two or 3 days and this is the reason
why we see people stopping sometimes
trucks downloading and eating on the
spot amid the intensifying Israeli
offensive now pummeling Gaza from north
to south the world food program says
half of gaza's population is starving
the Grim reality is also that nine out
of 10 people uh uh are not eating enough
are not eating every day and don't know
uh where the next meal is going to come
from some 85% of the 2.3 million people
have been pushed Further Down The
Enclave Darkness does not bring rest as
flares light up the sky and the
nightmare in Gaza continues Craig
Boswell trt
world