any of these homes in the village of sir
bahar took months to build their
Palestinian owners watch them torn down
in a day or Sajid then it's a tough
feeling pictures can tell the story
better than words can they've demolished
our dreams and homes they've completely
destroyed us we've been building our
house for six years now in the end the
Israelis came and demolished it more
than two dozen residential buildings
with scores of apartments are set to be
flattened well Marissa was ah yes thank
the Palestinian Council of Ministers
severely condemns this serious attack
and considers it a continuation of the
policy of forced displacement of the
Jerusalemites from their homes this is a
war crime and a crime against humanity
as stated in international humanitarian
law and in international criminal law
Israeli authorities say the land they
were built on wasn't licensed for
Palestinian settlements but residents
say it's a ploy by Israel to take over
occupied land these houses are permitted
by the Palestinian Ministry of local
government so the residents have permits
to build here now the permits are being
violated by the Israeli occupation
forces that military doesn't care about
international or humanitarian law and
doesn't care about ethics under the Oslo
agreement the Gaza Strip and the West
Bank were divided into three zones a B
and C the Palestinian Authority has full
control of area a it shares area B with
Israel which has full control of Area C
but Palestinians say there is not enough
space for them and the no-build buffer
zone Israel declared on either side of
the barrier it implemented in 2011 has
made things more cramped we are now
awaiting our fate we hope these homes
are spared if they're demolished god
forbid where will we go I live with my
family my son's family here there are
nine of us here
Israeli says some buildings serve as a
hiding place for terrorists but
Palestinians say Israel is using secure
as a pretext to force them out for their
home patios the art world
Suba here occupied West Bank
[Music]