on October the 7th well let's be clear
reading the testimony of survivors of
October 7th from kibuts B like yes purat
was extremely harrowing what she alleges
is not only that her husband was killed
in the initial takeover but also she
then says that the Israeli military
tanks fired on the room where the
hostages were killing 12 is Israeli
civilian captives we have also seen
fantastic work in the haret newspaper by
Amos Harel where he speaks at length
about uh Brigadier General Rosenfeld who
was in charge of the ett's crossing now
when this military base was taken over
what he says OS Harel in haret the
well-known Israeli newspaper he says
that Rosenfeld when he realized that the
base was overtaken called in an air
strike this is in haret these are not my
words these are the words of Amos harell
what we then saw is since October the
7th 22 Israeli civilian detainees killed
in Gaza by Israeli air strikes the
Israeli military has something called
the Hannibal directive the Hannibal
directive was developed in Lebanon in
the' 80s by the Israelis with the clear
understanding that they do not want the
side to take hostages so for example you
have the case of had Golding Golding in
2014 what Israel called operation
protective Edge which killed over 2,200
Palestinians but when uh this Israeli
soldier was taken captive by the
Palestinians Israel then proceeded to
kill everyone including the civilians in
the area around where he was kept and
the soldier
himself so what Israel has unfortunately
is a policy of killing captives if you
look at the case of gilad Shalit this
was an Israel so allow me to finish
allow me to finish you can't just keep
talking you can't keep talking I have
one last point to make and I hope that
you'll allow me to make it in the case
of gilad Shalit what happened was one
Israeli soldier led to a thousand
Palestinian prisoners being released
there is a clear understanding within
the Israeli military and political Elite
that they do not want people to be
kidnapped so therefore they
unfortunately as history has shown us
and as the directive within the Israeli
military shows they take action to kill
their own captives