a Passover table covered in red here at
hostages Square in Tel Aviv according to
these Israelis it symbolizes the blood
on the government's hands many
protesting in the Square accused
authorities of not doing enough to bring
the hostages taken by Hamas
home the government which abandoned
Matan and many others on October 7th is
hardening its heart for what prime
minister Netanyahu I am turning to you
there is no chair in the world that is
worth the life of Myan Matan and the
lives of 132 other
AB on Saturday Hamas released this video
of two Israeli hostages held in Gaza the
men were identified by the hostages and
missing families forum is Keith seagull
AG 64 and omry Moran aged 47 Manan said
that the situation was difficult and
that there were many bombs he claimed to
be speaking on day 202 of captivity the
video was released 204 days into the war
his father was at the rally in Tel Aviv
when the video was released breaking
down in tears he later gathered the
strength to speak as protesters chanted
in support of
him from this stage I appeal to all the
Israeli decision makers including bangir
and
SMR approve a deal and bring the
hostages back for once just once show
leadership I demand that the leaders of
this country watch this video and see
their own father crying out for
help in the video where the men appear
to speak under jurass they appeal to the
Israeli government to agree a deal with
Hamas for a truce that would see the
captives freed it comes as Hamas said it
was studying the latest Israeli counter
proposal for a Gaza ceasefire and the
release of the
hostages Qatar the US and Egypt have
been attempting to secure a new
ceasefire deal since a onewe pause in
the fighting in November saw the release
of 80 Israeli hostages in exchange for
240 Palestinians held in Israeli prisons