[Music]
looking every bit the teenager she is
ahead Tamimi was led into the military
court in handcuffs and shackles
smiling despite the fact the
seventeen-year-old might be facing a
decade in prison
the courtroom was packed wall-to-wall
with journalists family members and
observers that was until the judge
ordered the court closed the right to
have closed doors is of the minor none
of the court and if the minor and her
parents want the court to be in open
doors then that's what's best for her
and the court in this case is not decide
who shouldn't decide what is best for
her I think the decision of the court is
because the court decided what is good
for the court and not what is good for
ID tammini faces 12 charges stemming
from this incident in December in which
she slapped an Israeli soldier her
mother Nariman filmed the scuffle
outside the Tamimi home she has also
been charged the teenager and her mother
were arrested a few days later
Timmy's father doesn't expect a fair
trial
we don't expect justice from this court
they're trying to maximize the charge so
they can maximize the sentence because
they're controlled by extreme right
Israeli public opinion these really
leaders are pushing for the maximum
sentence because they want to break this
example of resistance this case is
polarized society some see I had to me
me as an instigator others as a symbol
of Palestinian resistance and then there
are those who questioned why this
particular case is receiving so much
attention the families of other
teenagers put on trial by the Israeli
military crowded behind a security gate
waiting for their own news
my son in court I've never visited him
when mothers see their sons in court
they are depressed for a week you can't
touch them shake hands nothing my son
has been here for two months
rights groups estimate the Israeli
military is holding more than 300
Palestinian miners in custody I had to
Mimi's trial is scheduled to resume on
March 11 sorry Lenny TRT world offer
military court in the occupied West Bank
[Music]
you