let's now shift our Focus to news now
from the world of business the ongoing
crisis in West Asia had sent shock waves
through Global markets pushing oil
prices to new heights and leaving
investors on edge the evolving situation
its complex geopolitical intricacies
extending beyond the immediate parties
involved JP Morgan notes that the
conflict it's disrupted us broker
negotiations concerning Saudi Israel
relations intensify tensions between
Israeli forces and Iran backed hisbah
militants at the Lebanon border and its
raed questions about Iran's involvement
to gauge investment impact investors
closely monitor the war and its
subsequent effects on natural sour
resources which link to corporate
profits inflation and consumer sentiment
JP Morgan considers two primary
scenarios here first of the conflict
remains contained where neither side
significantly impacts oil supply
production while Brent crude prices have
risen by 5% this week Global oil supply
and demand are currently in a balanced
state
[Music]
the second scenario here in the event of
escalation where a wider conflict could
bring higher risk although there are no
signs of an oil embargo akin to the 1973
yam kipor War the situation remains
uncertain if shipping routs like the
straight of orus are disrupted the
impact could be substantial however the
ability of other oil producers to step
in may help mitigate some of the damage
an expanding conflict could potentially
lead to inflation and interest rate
hikes globally however the United States
might stand as an exception attracting
foreign Capital seeking safety during
times of global turmoil which could
potentially result in lower interest
rates and a stronger US dollar JP Morgan
warns of short-term volatility but also
says that geopolitical events typically
limited lasting impacts on markets in
the long run the business cycle tends to
matter more and unless there's a
significant economic disruption the
effects of geopolitics on markets are
often
transient Theon is now available in your
country download the app now get all the
news on the move