[Music]
burying their dead some mourners in Gaza
promised to revenge on Israel for the
deaths of protesters killed while
calling for the right of return to land
occupied by Israel since 1948
despite shock and anger across
Palestinian territories only a few
hundred returned to the highly fortified
border on Saturday to continue
demonstrations
today we are here today tomorrow and the
day after tomorrow in order to deliver a
message to the Israeli enemy who has
violated our land and our holy sites
many chose to continue a peaceful sit-in
at the beginning of his six-week long
protest called the march of return 1 no
Azam London we have organized and will
continue to organize cultural social and
sporting activities to distract the
youth from confronting the occupation
soldiers but as you can see the soldiers
keep provoking the protesters and drag
them into the circle of violence
in East Jerusalem and the occupied West
Bank there was more violence
this activity is for land day dedicated
for the souls of the martyrs that were
killed yesterday in Gaza this is also a
message from Jerusalem to Gaza that we
are one nation that is not divided by
checkpoints or borders
in a statement Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has praised security forces
for defending what he called Israeli
sovereignty and the military has blamed
Hamas for the unrest what we've seen is
a violent riot in its clearest form the
Hamas terrorist organization have sent
their people to the border with Israel
and Gaza in order to camouflage their
true intentions of terror they've sent
their women and their children as a ploy
to hide their true intentions
Palestinians are set to carry on
demonstrating in Gaza until the 15th of
May known as Nakba day or the
catastrophe it marks the expulsion of
hundreds of thousands of Palestinians
during the creation of Israel in 1948
this year it's expected to be especially
tense coming a day after the planned
move of the US Embassy to the disputed
city Jerusalem arabela Monroe TRT world
[Music]