us defense secretary Lloyd Austin
reiterated the US's steadfast support
for Israel's fight against Hamas while
visiting the region on Monday but urged
more protection for Palestinian
civilians this while his Israeli
counterpart outlined the country's
military's objectives in
Gaza protecting Palestinian civilians in
Gaza is both a moral duty and a
strategic
imperative so we will continue to stand
up for Israel's Bedrock right to defend
itself and we will also continue to urge
the protection of civilians during
conflict and to increase the flow of
humanitarian Aid into Gaza today IDF
troops are operating in Hamas hotspots
across Gaza in Northern Gaza our troops
have eliminate thousands of
terrorists destroyed military
infrastructure and this dismantled most
of the battalions operating in the area
the goals of this war the destruction of
Hamas and the return of the hostages
home with no
exception the pars say an increase in
attacks by Yemen's houthis in the Red
Sea is another concern Austin also
announcing plans to build an
International Coalition to address the
threat for which a virtual meeting will
be held as early as
Tuesday these attacks are Reckless
dangerous and they violate international
law and so we're taking action to uh
build an International Coalition to
address this threat and I would remind
you that this is not just a US
issue uh this is this is an
international problem and it deserves an
international uh response and we'll have
more details on this soon but uh we're
going to make sure that we're doing
everything that we can to uh ensure uh
freedom of navigation uh in the area and
the straight is uh Straits are pretty
pretty important as we know as you know
large amount of Commerce flows through
there international Commerce flows
through there on a daily
basis