[Music]
the Israel Defense Forces have now given
out a response to the anti-time fire
toward Israel and saying that it has
struck multiple Hezbollah targets along
the border area including an observation
post uh remember that the IDF has been
facing now at least two to three front
war and I say that because on one front
there is of course the Gaza Strip which
is controlled by Hamas in the southern
Israel border but on the northern border
of Israel is Lebanon and Syria and
Lebanon already where Hezbollah is a
terror group bagged by Iran already has
been targeting and has been shelling
with cross-firing taking place on both
sides uh at the Lebanon Israel border
and then there is also Syria where there
were incidents incidents isolated though
for now of shelling but there is clearly
a threatening and tensions that are
rising between Syria and Israel border
to these are visuals as the satellite
images coming in the thermal imagery as
well of what are the attacks that Israel
also claims are Terror hideouts that are
being being targeted this is Hezbollah
in uh this is Lebanon border where there
are according to IDF multiple Hezbollah
targets have been
struck numerous anti-tank missiles have
been fired by hisbah towards Israel an
Israeli civilian has been killed Israeli
soldiers have been killed and wounded
there have been attempts to infiltrate
into Israel at two different locations
our message actually isn't focused on
or on their Iranian Masters our question
is to the state of Lebanon do you really
want to jeopardize what is left of your
prosperity and well-being for the sake
of terrorists in Gaza would it really be
worth it I don't think so and I think
that what kah is doing is dragging
Lebanon into something that Lebanon will
not come out good from