[Music]
[Music]
St
put
[Music]
this
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
we see an epidemic of impunity around
the world we see some countries doing
whatever it takes to further their own
interests at all costs from Russia's
invasion of Ukraine to Sudan more
recently Gaza parties to conflict are
ignoring international law trampling on
the Geneva conventions and even
violating the United Nations
Charter do all the standing by a
civilians mostly women and children are
killed mimed bombarded forced from their
homes and denied access to humanitarian
Aid I repeat my call for an immediate
humanitarian ceas fire in Gaza and the
process that leads to sustained peace
for Israelis and Palestinians based on a
two-state solution that is the only way
to stem the suffering and prevent a
spillover that could send the entire
region Up in Flames and I also call for
a just peace in Ukraine a peace in
accordance with United Nations Charter a
peace in accordance with International
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
longw
[Music]
[Music]
so
[Music]
No
period um
for me I think for so many of us um what
we're seeing every single day in Gaza
uh is
gut-wrenching um and the suffering we're
seeing among innocent men women and
children breaks my
heart the question
is what is to be
[Music]
done
you're talking
about a governance a government and a
structure of governance that maximizes
the ability of uh the authority to
actually deliver what the Palestinian
people want and need but it also has to
be able to operate in uh what you might
call a permissive environment in other
words with the support of uh with the
help of Israel not with its um active
opposition because even uh the most
effective Authority uh is going to have
a lot of trouble if it's got uh the
active opposition of any any Israeli
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
government