this this and this why do Palestinians
hold up a key in their protests to
understand this we'll have to go back to
1948 or even further back to 1917 when
Israel Palestine looked like this by the
1930s there was an escalation in Arab
Jewish violence in Palestine this is
also when the Zionist movement aiming to
establish a Jewish state in Palestine
was in full swing Britain which was
governing the region at the time handed
the problem to the United Nations in
1947 the UN opposed partitioning
Palestine into two states one Jewish one
Arab with the Jerusalem Bethlehem Area
to become an international City this was
largely accepted by palestine's Jewish
leadership but rejected by the Arab
leaders now the moment the British
mandate terminated Jewish leadership in
Palestine declared the establishment of
the state of Israel on 14th May 1948 and
thus in the midst of a conflict Israel
was invaded by five Arab armies marking
the start of Israel's war of
independence it was during this period
the 1948 Arab Israeli War the Jewish
militias launch attacks against
Palestinian Villages forcing thousands
to flee 500 Palestinian Villages towns
and cities were destroyed in what
Palestinians refer to as the nugba or
catastrophe in Arabic an estimated
15,000 Palestinians were killed
including in dozens of massacr an
estimated 750,000 Palestinians were
forced out of their homes the
Palestinians packed their belongings
piling into cars trucks and Donkey carts
many locked their doors and took their
keys with them expecting to return When
The War ended meanwhile the Zionist
movement captured 78% of historic
Palestine more than 70 years later they
have not been allowed back empty towns
were renamed Villages were demolished
homes reclaimed by Forest and Israeli
nature reserves Israel refused to allow
the Palestinians to return to maintain a
Jewish majority within his borders since
then enlarged replicas are often found
around Palestinian refugee camps as
symbol of protest the refugees and their
descendants who now number nearly 6
million settled in camps in the West
Bank Lebanon Syria and Jordan those
camps eventually grew into built up
neighborhoods and now with Israel's
calls for evacuation Palestinians fear
the most painful moment from the history
repeating itself for more informative
videos like this keep watching India
Today news MO