now Israel's multipronged attacks have
brought Israel to the brink of collapse
Hamas is facing heavy damage in Gaza
several people have been killed and
thousands have been displaced as a
result of Israel's attack on Gaza we
bring you this
[Applause]
[Music]
report Gaza is in
DS
Israel's multia attacks have brought the
tiny piece of land to the brink of
collapse cousins are living in fear as
the war escalates every passing
day
[Music]
thousands of displaced people are living
in
tents in the latest attacks an Israeli
air strike hit a house in can yunas
injuring a mother and a four children
Israeli attacks on the alads hospital in
Gaza have caused massive
damage over 12,000 displayed civilians
were sheltered inside the aluts hospital
15 out of 35 hospitals are out of
service in Gaza Strip as air strikes
continue hospitals are running short of
fuel
Israeli troops and tanks attacked gaza's
main Northern City from both sides 3
days after they began a major ground
offensive in the Palestinian Enclave
Israel Defense Forces release videos of
ground operations and air strikes on
Hamas Targets in
Gaza Israel claims that humanitarian Aid
that is entering Gaza is not going to
civilians they claim that Hamas is
taking fuel meant for
civilians we are making sure that there
is enough there are enough supplies the
problem is that also when we bring
supplies into Gaza then they are uh you
know Kamas takes over like they did with
the fuel from unra by unra Accords not
reports not mine ER they go and they
steal from the international
organizations the the food they loot
them it's it's a big problem but we are
making sure that the food and Supply
will go in uh at a level that will
prevent a humanitarian crisis this is
very very important also for us as human
beings even though Hamas is facing heavy
damage in Gaza and thousands of
civilians are hit the Hamas leadership
has shown no indication of releasing the
hostages Bureau report India today