news now on the Israel Gaza war that is
underway and based on precise IDF and
Isa intelligence the fighter jet struck
three senior Hamas operatives in the
daraj TFA Battalion us strikes two
Syrian facilities after attacks by
Iranian forces the battalions operatives
played a significant role in The
Invasion and a murderous attack against
Israel on the October on October 7th and
uh and is considered to be the most
significant Brigade of the Hamas
terrorist organization is what this
statement said let's go across to kadam
now for more give us more details of uh
this uh you know targeted raid that has
taken place welli these targeted raids
have been taking place over last three
to four days and even before that there
was one targeted raid uh now even the
air strikes are we have been told there
are certain air strikes which have
targeted certain individuals now there
are uh several uh uh functionaries of
Hamas about whom IDF has posted that
they have taken them out they have
eliminated them by targeted strike but
also we have seen in last few days how
there are ground rates where tanks roll
in ground troops rolling there's a quick
raate and uh some of the Hamas function
functionaries are taken out uh the
missile launch pads are destroyed so
this is in continuation with what is
happening for last two to three days now
apart from this development which I
I presume that it will continue because
that is what IDF and that is what Israel
government has said that this will they
will wipe out Hamas that is just uh work
on that direction now there is another
important development which has taking
place is about us air strikes in Syria
now uh US air strikes have taken place
and uh there are two places uh in Abu
Kamal a town which borders Iraq and uh
these air strikes were carried out by
s16 fighter jets using Precision
munition now two storage facilities of
uh Iran or Iran Iranian proxies were hit
there are no uh known there's no
information if there was any casualty in
these attacks Pentagon has briefed about
it but there is no Clarity on whether
there were any casualties but these two
facilities we are learning have been
destroyed so these are the two important
developments in this Hamas Israel war
which has taken place in last 24 hours