that's coming in from the warfront as
Israel Hamas War rages on a massive
blame game has erupted between the
Israeli Defense Forces and Hamas
terrorists over a situation arising in
the al-shifa hospital both claimed that
the other is targeting the hospital that
is chalk block with patients and
caregivers the situation continues to
remain tense at the hospital this is
gaza's largest hospital Israeli Defense
Forces have now claimed that there is no
Siege on the alifa hospital and there is
a safe entry and exit point in the
hospital on its eastern side this comes
even as Hamas terrorists continue to
maintain that Israel is creating a
protest to a protect to strike the
hospital by claiming that it's is the
headquarters of Hamas terrorists here's
more on this latest face off take a
look three 3 days after Israel launched
a missile strike near the al-shifa
hospital situation continues to remain
tense in the
are
the strike came after Israel accused
Hamas of hiding in hospitals and using
the shiffa hospital complex as its main
command
center while the terror group maintains
that Israel is creating a protext to
strike the alifa
hospital Israel has now refuted the
allegations there has been a lot of
misinformation from Gaza today so I want
to clarify the facts there is no Siege I
repeat there is no Siege on the shifa
hospital the east side of the hospital
is open on elad street for the safe pass
of gazans who wish to leave the hospital
we're speaking directly and regularly
with the hospital staff the staff of the
shifa hospital has requested that
tomorrow we will help the babies in the
pediatric department to get to a safer
hospital we will provide the assistance
needed
[Music]
Hamas terrorists have been using
civilians as human
shields in a video access watch how a
huge cash of arms and ammunition
belonging to the Hamas was recovered
from a
kindergarten even as the war continues
to rage on concerns over the safety of
civilans have only been
mounting agency report for Republic
TV