and Israeli Defense Forces pressing into
Gaza forced to contend with the
sophisticated Maze of underground
tunnels in bunkers constructed over
several decades by Hamas military
experts call the tunnels a formidable
defensive system that would be
incredibly costly for Israeli troops to
neutralize even after several weeks of
heavy bombardment targeting the network
gaza's roughly 2.3 million Palestinian
inhabitants have been living under an
Israeli blockade since 2007 it's old
overcrowded narrow web of streets it's
doubled underground by a dense network
of tunnels known to the Israeli troops
as the Gaza Metro gaza's 14 km border
with Egypt has once was once borrowed
under with hundreds of tunnels used to
smuggle Fighters weapons are Contraband
although many have now been destroyed
since 2014 Hamas has been digging
underground Pathways to get around
territory it call that it controls some
tunnels are as deep as 100 and 130 ft
below low ground allowing militants to
change positions away from danger of
strikes rocket batteries hidden just a
few meters beneath the surface can be
uncovered with the trapo just for the
time it takes to fire a
salvo Israel's Army and intelligence are
certain to know about a portion of the
network and bombarded it heavily in
2021 however other parts remain secret
Hamas knows its tunnels by heart and
some are probably booby trapped
underground fighting is handing a
tactical advantage to the Hamas
Defenders and their leadership on the
other hand hamas's tunnel Advantage it
could also turn out to be a trap when
tunnels are found they can be closed off
to shut in the people inside in this
case the order is likely to be for No
Quarter to be
given Theon is now available in your
country download the app now get all the
news on the move