in Northern Gaza long cues of
Desperately hungry women and children
lined up at a Street Kitchen on
Wednesday in great need of a
meal the International Community talks
about human rights where are these human
rights our children are dying before our
eyes from Hunger infants are born
weighing 1 or 1 and A2 kilos we're
honestly going to say shame on New
International Community that this is
happening to us and everyone is
watching up to 300,000 Palestinians are
believed to remain in Northern Gaza even
though Israel ordered the evacuation of
the entire region in October they have
been left with dwindling pre-war Food
Supplies and only trickles of Aid
entering from the South Via
Egypt they have received barely any Aid
in weeks causing the UN to warn of
impending famine the world food program
halted deliveries to the north of Gaza
on February 20th after its Convoy of
trucks faced gunfire and looting it
tried to resume deliveries this week
only to have its trucks turned away by
Israel as a last resort countries such
as the United States France and Jordan
have started airdropping Aid into Gaza
although many deliveries have been
reported as falling into the sea or
Israeli territories regardless the
airdrops only contain supplies for a
small percentage of the population the
UN said on Wednesday that roads are the
only way to transport the large
quantities of food needed to avert
famine it it's a desperate situation
until we can flood and I mean really
flood the North and the 300,000 people
in the north get some semblance of
support the the desperation will always
cause these convoys to be looted or
ransacked the UN added that it was
working with Israel to reach a deal that
would allow Aid convoys to use a
military road to reach Northern Gaza
yeah