now five Hezbollah Fighters were killed
in clashes along the Lebanon Israel
border as tensions between Israel and
Hezbollah escalate hezb has announced
the death of 10 militants since
skirmishes began in the latest Saudi
Arabia has called for all citizens to
leave Lebanon as tensions rise with
Israel ri's Embassy in beru said it was
closely following the de developments
where at least 18 people in total have
been killed in exchanges of fire between
Hezbollah and Palestinian militants on
one side and Israel on the other the US
state department has raised its travel
alert for Lebanon to to do not travel
citing the security situation related to
Rocket missile and artillery
exchanges the state department
authorized the voluntary temporary
departure of family members of US
Government personnel and some
non-emergency Personnel from the US
Embassy in Peru because of the security
situation Israeli military Chief of
Staff has already threatened that Israel
would retaliate aggressively should
hasbullah try to open a second front
even as Israel is engaging Hamas in the
South Israel has warned that if
Hezbollah makes a mistake it will be
annihilated the fears of escalation
comes amid concerns that the war could
spread into Lebanon where the Iran
backed Hezbollah group has expressed
strong support to Hamas militants who
control the Gaza Strip Israel considers
Lebanon haspa and even big threat than
Hamas so far artillery exchanges between
Hezbollah and Israel have been limited
to several towns along the bordom Israel
has threatened that if hisbah opens a
new front all of Lebanon will suffer the
consequences Israel and Hezbollah fought
a month-long war in 2006 that ended in a
draw since then hezbollah's military
caliber has significantly grown in the
wake of the latest war in the region the
International Community has crambled to
to keep the conflict from spilling over
into Lebanon and possibly the rest of
the
region the events of the past 11 days
have served to reignite Grievances and
reanimate alliances across the
region based on my meetings and the uh
Dynamics I observe on the ground I would
say the following the risk of an
expansion of this conf
is real very very real and extremely
[Music]
dangerous