the bodies of the world Central kitchen
workers are on their way
home as ambulances headed towards the
Egyptian border other Aid workers like
Federico Desi mapped out how to proceed
it's the first time that uh
International Aid workers are killed and
so for sure that has sent a shock wave
across the community Desi and his team
postponed their work in central Gaza as
it takes them on the same road where the
Israeli strip killed the seven workers
humanity and inclusion does
Rehabilitation work with injured and
disabled individuals and provides
Mobility devices the needs are so
catastrophic and uh we can't fail the
Palestinians we need to to keep on and
continue supporting them a GoFundMe page
for Jacob flickinger's young family says
he arrived in Gaza in March ready to
help the retired member of the Canadian
Armed Forces worked for wck in Mexico as
well James kiry's family says helping
was also in his nature they are Heroes
all seven of them but yeah we're we're a
little bit
um unhappy with the with the response
from from Israel from totally
honest the Israeli Prime Minister on
Tuesday called the strike tragic adding
such things happen in war by Wednesday
morning the idf's chief of staff
apologized we are sorry for the
unintentional harm to the members of w U
we were targeted
deliberately nonstop until everybody was
dead in this Convoy a defined
humanitarian Convoy traveling on a
defined humanitarian route the founder
of the charity is calling for a neutral
investigation this looks like it's not a
war against terrorism anymore seems this
is a war against humanity itself to
enhance protection for Aid workers in
Gaza and facilitate Aid
Israel says it's opened a new
humanitarian Command Center Crystal
Ganson Global News London