and US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin is headed to Israel his mission
in West Asia is largely to prevent a VI
War even as Washington is strongly
backing Israel in the war against Hamas
in a show of solidarity with
Washington's closest West Asia Ally
blinken will meet senior officials
Israeli officials possibly including
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu to
discuss further boosting Military
Support before departure blinkin said he
was going with a very simple and clear
message that the United States has
Israel's back he will work with regional
us allies to try and secure the release
of up to 130 hostages held by Hamas in
Gaza some of whom may be American
citizens Hamas gunman rampaged through
Israeli Towns over the weekend killing
over 1200 people and taking around 130
hostages to Gaza at least 22 Americans
were killed during the attack Israel
retaliated with their strikes on the
Gaza Strip which continues as we speak
more than 1200 people have been killed
killed in the Relentless air strikes on
Gaza which is under total Siege by the
Israeli forces since
Tuesday now top priority for blinkin
will be to convey a message of
deterrence we're deling affir
Solutions
now any such message will likely be
aimed at Iran and Iran backed groups
such as lebanan HPA to stop a wider war
from erupting the US president has
already cautioned Iran in very clear
terms we're surging additional military
assistance to the Israeli Defense Force
including ammunition interceptors to
replenish the Iron Dome and we've moved
the US carrier Fleet to the Eastern
Mediterranean or sending more fighter
jets there in that region and made it
clear made it clear to the
Iranians be
careful blinkin is also expected to meet
the Palestinian president mmud Abbas on
Friday Abbas heads the Palestinian
Authority which rules West
Bank Von is now available in your
country download the app now get all the
news on the move