a second ship carrying humanitarian aid
for Gaza was set to leave Cyprus on
Saturday organized by the charity World
Central
Kitchen after pioneering a new sea route
to The embattled Enclave a rep from the
charity put out this video said to show
the second vessel being loaded
up the US and Jordan carried out another
Aid drop on Saturday as part of a
sustained effort us Central Command said
the aid push comes as Israel faces
growing pressure over looming famine in
Gaza and as It prepares to send a
delegation to Qatar for fresh ceasefire
talks on Sunday A source told Reuters
Israel's delegation will be led by the
head of its mosad intelligence agency
David Baria Hamas presented a new weeks
long ceasefire proposal including a
hostage and prisoner exchange which
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
netanyahu's office said was still based
on unrealistic demands previous efforts
to pin down a ceasefire before the start
of Ramadan this week have repeatedly
failed the more than 5-month long
conflict has left much of Gaza in rubble
triggering a massive hunger crisis that
has alarmed even Israel's allies the
United Nations relief and works Agency
for Palestine refugees said one in three
children under the age of two in
Northern Gaza is now acutely
malnourished the UN has said it faces
overwhelming obstacles getting Aid in
while Israel which controls Crossings
blames un agencies for slow delivery
Israel has warned it's planning to
launch a new offensive in Rafa the last
relatively safe City in the crowded
Enclave netanyahu's office has said
civilians would be evacuated but it did
not give a time frame for the
attack meanwhile anti-government
protesters clashed with police in Tel
Aviv while calling for both the release
of hostages held by Hamas and elections
now speaking ahead of a two-day trip to
the region German Chancellor Olaf
scholes said an assault could leave
quote many terrible civilian casualties
something he said should be avoided at
all costs the conflict began in October
when Hamas sent Fighters into Israel
killing 1,200 people according to
Israeli tallies Israel's campaign has
killed more than
31,500 people according to the health
Ministry in Hamas run
Gaza
for