Israel and the iranian-backed Hezbollah
group exchanged fire on Saturday amid
fears that the Gaza War could spill into
Lebanon Hezbollah the Lebanese Ally of
gaza's Hamas said it had hit a key
Israeli observation post with 62
rockets that was described as a
preliminary response to the killing of
hamas's deputy chief Salah al- Ari on
Tuesday Israel's military said
approximately 40 launch had been
identified from Lebanon towards the area
of meon in Northern Israel it said it
had responded with an unmanned aerial
vehicle strike on quote the terrorist
cell responsible according to the
military Israeli fighter jets and troops
also struck a series of Hezbollah
Targets in southern
Lebanon Ari was killed in an attack
widely attributed to Israel the head of
Hezbollah Hassan nasala said on Friday
that Lebanon would be exposed to more
Israeli operations if his group did not
respond to the
killing concerns over escalating
Regional tensions prompted A Renewed
diplomatic push on
Saturday Israel and Hezbollah have often
traded fire across the Lebanese border
the West Bank is seething with emotion
and the Iran aligned houthis in Yemen
seem determined to continue attacks on
Red Sea shipping lanes until Israel
stops bombarding in
Gaza the European Union's foreign policy
Chief Joseph Bell was in Lebanon and had
this to say it is imperative to avoid
the regional escalation in the Middle
East is absolutely necessary to avoid
libanon being dragged into a regional
conflict he added that his message to
Israel was that nobody would win from a
regional
conflict US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin arrived in Turkey at the start
of a week-long regional tour that also
takes in Israel the occupied West Bank
Jordan Qatar the United Arab Emirates
Saudi Arabia and Egypt a state
department spokesperson said linkoln had
emphasized to Turkish president tup
erdogan the need to prevent the conflict
from
spreading
I