it wasn't a declaration of war but a
threat nonetheless a day after Salah
ruri's killing in Lebanon the leader of
the country's powerful Hezbollah militia
warned Israel not to escalate further
and promised retaliation for ruri's
killing without specifying how or
when if the enemy thinks of waging a war
on Lebanon we will fight without
restraint without rules Without Limits
and without restrictions
Tuesday's crime is a major and dangerous
crime and cannot be tolerated this
dangerous crime will not go unanswered
or
unpunished H nzala told his supporters
he'd address the issue further in a
speech Friday and that Hezbollah was
balancing between the need to support
Gaza and to take into account Lebanese
national
interests since the war in Gaza began
Hezbollah and the Israeli military have
been exchanging fire almost daily over
the Israeli Lebanese border but Nala has
so far appeared reluctant to escalate
perhaps to avoid a repeat of the 2006
War when Israel heavily bombed
Lebanon the Israeli Army has not claimed
responsibility for the Drone strike on
Salah arri in Beirut suburbs but in its
aftermath a spokesperson said it was
highly prepared for any
scenario aruri is the first senior Hamas
political leader to be assassinated
outside Palestinian territories since
hostilities began
but Israel has vowed to kill them all
wherever they are raising fears of wider
Warfare if Israeli Army proves unable to
reach any of its objectives in Gaza
unable to eradicate Hamas some factions
within the Israeli government might be
tempted to open another front since the
war in Gaza around 170 people have been
killed in Lebanon most of them Hezbollah
Fighters but also more than 20 civilians
while around a dozen have been killed on
the Israeli side