a sign of what may lie ahead as Ukraine
fights off a surging Russia on the
solemn anniversary our coverage begins
in ke with ctv's Heather
Wright on this day two years ago hosal
airport became the scene of one of the
most intense battles of the war's
opening days Russia believed if they
could take this airport on the outskirts
of keev they could quickly March into
the capital but Ukraine fought fiercely
changing the trajectory of this war
prime minister Justin Trudeau began his
surprise visit to Ukraine at the airport
today joining Ukrainian President
Vladimir zinsky and leaders from Italy
Belgium and the European commission your
fight is our fight they held a moment of
silence on the tarmac and zalinsky
handed out medals to Ukrainian soldiers
honoring them for acts of Bravery burnt
out airplanes dot the runway here at
hostel airport today Ukrainian president
Vladimir zalinski said Russian fear
first was destroyed here as he vowed to
continue fighting this war thanking his
allies for their ongoing
support but as that fight drags on
supplies are running low more Aid was
announced today with Canada pledging
roughly $3 billion in funding including
320 million in new military spending but
how quickly these promises will turn
into actual supplies is unclear
Ukraine is still waiting on delivery of
Canadian drones and nasam a surfac to- a
missile defense system Canada purchased
for Ukraine from the United States still
has no delivery date we will always be
very quick to send whatever we can as
quickly as we can these delays are not
unique to Canada it's a challenge many
other allies are struggling with but how
quickly supplies get into the hands of
soldiers can often mean the difference
between life and death between holding a
city or losing it we all understand that
the military support that uh we receive
sometimes comes later than than needed
but we also have to be very grateful to
our partners that we are not abandoned
most of the money announced by Canada
today will come in the form of loans
money to help keep the Ukrainian economy
afloat as it enters its third year of
War Heather ctv's Heather Wright in keev
tonight thank you