the events of 1948 past a very dark
shadow over the Israeli government
that's the reality of what you see today
a system of structured discrimination
that treats Palestinians unequally and
systemically represses them based on who
they are what happened in 1948 you know
the results of which are quite clear you
had over 700,000 Palestinians who today
constitute 5.5 million or more
you know forcibly leave their homes and
the Israeli government you know through
a scrimmage or a citizenship law has not
only prevented them from returning to
that area where they come from which is
a firmly established right under
international law but has you know
cultivated a metric of laws and other
systems to ensure that not only they
these communities aren't able to return
but those that remain you know remain
inferior by law it's difficult to
imagine any justification much less a
persuasive one you know for denying
people who have languish in refugee
camps for decades after decades and
their descendants they're
internationally recognized right to
return but at the same time allowing a
Jewish citizen of any country in the
world to tomorrow you know pick up and
move to Israel and become citizens
virtually on the spot no logic can
justify on that sort of policy and I
think ultimately you know I've covered
Egypt for human rights watch up I've
worked on Guantanamo I worked on many
parts of the world and often you come
across some event in Egypt it was about
master of 2013 that passed
dark shadow over you know events that
transpired thereafter and you often as
rights advocate are left to say until a
country grapples with that legacy it's
difficult to imagine it moving forward
on any road much less a road to peace
you know or over security you know for
all people and that's certainly the case
in the Israeli Palestine context