[Music]
L but the matter of factors it's been
more than two weeks now and there is a
big challenge that we see it's important
to reach the people as soon as possible
how are the steps taken place as far as
the ground operations are
concerned Israel is preparing for a
ground operation inside the Gaza Strip
we know that the days ahead are going to
be difficult they're going to be hard
this war this war that Hamas has forced
us into is not going to be easy but we
have no choice but to win it now it's
important to understand that Israel is
not acting here out of anger or out of
Revenge we're acting out of a strategic
necessity and that strategic necessity
is victory over the terror organization
that perpetrated the atrocities of the
7th of October because we can no longer
have this Isis like genocidal Terror
State living on our borders so we will
move in at a time and a place of
choosing we're not shooting from the hip
we will use Force judiciously so we feel
that support from all the leaders of the
Free World who understand that the days
ahead are going to be difficult they're
going to be hard they're going to be
long but Israel has no choice now but to
destroy Hamas and we know that the Free
World is behind
us
I'm
C
Rel my question is about the
humanitarian Aid that is actually on
hold at the border areas no doubt that
human humanitarian Aid is required
within the people in Gaza itself we as
Israel have just one condition which is
our right and Duty under international
law that that Aid must not reach Hamas
and that Hamas must not use those
humanitarian corridors in order to
smuggle more weapons if Hamas tries to
exploit the international community's
goodwi in order to arm itself just like
it stole fuel from the United Nations a
few days ago just like it converted
water pipes into Rockets we will stop
them we will not allow Hamas to exploit
the international community's Goodwill
in order to continue attacking our
people