Mr President dismounting unwa will have
lasting
repercussions in the short term it will
deepen the humanitarian crisis in Gaza
and accelerate the onset of famine in
the longer term it will geize the
transition from ceasefire today after by
depriving a traumatized population of
essential services it will make nearly
impossible the formidable task of
bringing half a million deeply
distressed girls and boys back to
learning failing to deliver on
education will condemn an entire
generation to despair fueling anger
resentment and endless cycles of
violence a political solution cannot
succeed in such a scenario at the heart
of this region the United Nation agency
for Palestine refugees unwa is a
stabilizing force in Gaza the agency is
the backbone of the human turn operation
coordinating and providing life saving
assistance Beyond Gaza it has Champion
human development for Palestine refugees
for decades across the
region today an Insidious campaign to
end un's operation is on the way with
serious implication for International
Peace and Security in Gaza the
government of Israel seeks to end un's
activities the agencies request to
deliver Aid to the north are repeatedly
denied our staff are barred from
coordination meetings between Israel and
humanitarian
actors
Wars un premises and staff have been
targeted since the beginning of the war
178 un Personnel have been killed Mr
President we demand an independent
investigation and accountability for the
blaten disregard for the protected
statue of humanitarian workers operation
and Facilities under international law
to do otherwise would set a dangerous
precedent and compromise humanitarian
world around the world