[Music]
moments after the divisive vote
Palestinian lawmakers in Israel's
parliament made their opposition loud
and clear
this is an evil law a black flag hovers
over this law they called the law a form
of apartheid the controversial law
adopted by a vote of 60 to 255 declares
that only Jews have the right to
self-determination in Israel and
officially defines the country as the
national home of the Jewish people
this is a defining moment in the annals
of Zionism and the history of the State
of Israel the long debated legislation
now becomes what's known as one of the
basic laws of Israel that makes it
difficult to repeal the law also
downgrades Arabic from an official
language to only special status
of course it's erases law this is an
oppressive law if this land could speak
it would say I'm Palestinian this look
him to disfranchise and isolate the
Palestinians the Jews want ill-treat and
ultimately dismiss the Palestinians in
silence
the nationality bill is a hate crime
they are totally discriminating against
the Arab citizens against the Arab
minority
with racist articles especially those of
Jewish settlements other lawmakers say
that it exposes Israel's true character
Palestinians are the Greenline are very
angry and they think that this law would
make their life more difficult although
my in my opinion and also independent of
other people that this would make
potata were striking by way that we can
expose this there in true character of
the State of Israel and it's so policy
but Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu defended the bill and it was
so EMB natial on I repeat this is our
state the Jewish state but lately there
are people who are trying to destabilize
it and therefore destabilize the
foundations of our existence and our
rights so today we have made a law and
stone this is our country this is our
language this is our anthem this is our
flag of Israel's nine million people
Palestinians represent about 20% of the
population many of them say they've
often been treated like second-class
citizens and that this new law will only
make things worse
Malinda new sophora trt world
[Music]