today I also very pleased to be making
another announcement because Canada is
not going to stop we're still working
very closely with Ukraine and all of our
International Partners to provide them
with what we need and one of the things
that we have seen I I was explaining to
lysia today among my NATO Partners our
discussions are that no one knows how to
fight the Russians better than
ukrainians because they've been doing it
for two years they have been ingenious
the the Ingenuity of of Ukrainian
Fighters and and their Industries
utilizing unarmed uh unmanned aerial
Vehicles drones in in taking that fight
to Ukraine and defending their Sovereign
territory has been nothing short of
extraordinary and so working very
closely to them I'm very pleased today
to be standing next to this device and
to advise you that Canada is investing
over $95 million to provide Ukraine with
more than 800 sky ranger r70 drones
these are made right here in Canada this
is a multi-rotor drone it's developed
engineered and manufactured at tadine a
Canadian company in waterl Ontario I'd
like to take a moment if I may first of
all to give a special shout out to our
colleague bis chagger she's the local
Member of Parliament for waterl and she
has been advocating and been very
instrumental in advocating on behalf of
this company in a writing to join the
ranks to create jobs for the local
economy and to support Ukraine the sky
ranger r70 drone is one of the best of
its kind in the world it can handle a
variety of payloads up to 3 and2 kog
including payloads of Munitions and
these drones are going to help Ukraine's
Frontline troops assess targets and
threats quickly with accuracy and
Effectiveness they have an automated and
autonomous navigation system and their
rugged design makes it possible to carry
different camera systems and payloads
that can detect recognize identify and
acquire Targets this drone is going to
help Ukrainian troops identify
individuals vehicles and heat sources
from a long distance in dark conditions
and in poor weather we anticipate that
the first systems will be delivered to
Ukrainian Armed Forces this spring
they're in a hurry and so are
we