attention citizens of Gaza listen
carefully this is an urgent military
advisory from the Israel Defense
Forces for your immediate safety we urge
all residents of Northern Gaza and Gaza
City to temporarily relocate sou let me
repeat we urge all residents of Northern
Gaza and Gaza City to relocate South
immediately this is a temporary measure
moving back to Northern Gaza will be
possible once the intense hostilities
end Hamas puts your life in danger by
placing weapons and forces within
civilians area in Gaza including schools
masks and
hospitals the impending IDF operation is
set to neutralize these threats of Hamas
with precision and
intensity Humanity remains haunted by
the massacre Unleashed by Hamas on
October 7th a massacre of innocent lives
Israeli men women children and babies
were beheaded executed raped and burnt
alive we won't forget that and the
kidnapping of over 200 Israelis we will
not forget to the residents of Northern
Gaza and Gaza City you window to act is
closing move South for your own safety
move South this is not a mere precaution
it is an urgent plea for the safety of
the civilians in Gaza attention citizens
of Gaza listen carefully this is an
urgent military advisory from the Israel
Defense
Forces for your immediate safety we urge
all residents of Northern Gaza and Gaza
City to temporarily relocate sou let me
repeat we urge all residents of nor
Northern Gaza and Gaza City to relocate
South
immediately this is a temporary measure
moving back to Northern Gaza will be
possible once the intense hostilities
end Hamas puts your life in danger by
placing weapons and forces within
civilians area in Gaza including schools
masks and
hospitals the impending IDF operation is
set to neutralize this threats of Hamas
with precision and
intensity Humanity remains haunted by
the massacre Unleashed by Hamas on
October 7th a massacre of innocent lives
Israeli men women children and babies
were beheaded executed raped and burnt
alive we won't forget that and the
kidnapping of over 200 Israelis we will
not forget to the residents of Northern
Gaza and Gaza City your window to act is
closing move South for your own safety
move South this is not a mere precaution
it is an urgent plea for the safety of
the civilians in
[Music]
Gaza
[Music]