Shi one of the things that Israel is now
putting out are these videos and images
and these videos and images are showing
that Hamas is in fact using hospitals in
Gaza as basis for their operations and
in fact there are many tunnels that are
now being made under these Wards but one
of the things that a lot of people are
asking are the is this can these charges
be taken at the face value or do you
believe this is just Israel's counter to
being accused of targeting hospitals in
Gaza no the fact that hamama has built
some of its tunnels uh you know under
civilian neighborhoods under hospitals
uh you know has been uh you know has
been proven before uh you know the
specifics this time perhaps it's
difficult to comment on but uh the you
the claim war that exploded right at the
start with the AL AR Hospital uh uh you
know in Gaza City in the opening days of
this conflict uh has led to a great deal
of uh uh you know urgency between both
sides to counter the other as far as
information Warfare is concerned there
is very little doubt you know no matter
what Hamas says there is very little
doubt that they have continued to uh you
know take positions in civilian areas
schools hospitals uh uh you know uh uh
that that kind of thing behind homes uh
and therefore strikes that take place in
these uh residential areas uh uh you
know they they of course they of course
throw a poor light on Israel uh but it
does certainly does not take away from
the fact that Hamas continues to build
those tunnels under the hospitals now
hospitals obviously and extremely
emotive issue uh uh you know any you
know any strike that hits a hospital
anywhere uh it's indefensible really as
far as Israel is concerned but I think
from that first hospital allegation that
came out in the early days of this
conflict uh Israel most certainly must
be hitting back at this point of time
and remember all of this comes at a time
when there is a huge amount of
international pressure on Israel to go
easy uh you know as far as air
operations are concerned because of the
humanitarian crisis that is most
certainly uh increasing in Gaza