Israelis are angry they are Furious and
are asking answers their Fury is
directed towards the Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu with Hamas
keeping 150 Israeli people captive
dozens of Israeli protesters gathered
outside Israeli defense Ministry to
protest against the government's in
action over Hamas militants now
protesters are calling for prime
minister Netanyahu to resign with the
most recent demonstrations held outside
the defense Ministry in Tel Aviv the
protest was started by one person who
family had been taken captive by Hamas
militants but they soon expanded
significantly people across the capital
are calling for the release of hostages
who were kidnapped by Hamas almost a
week
ago my
family is in Gaza being held by
Hamas uh I feel like I have no
uh uh help and Salvage from anyone and
this is my cry out to the world to
please help bring my family my wife and
three
kids the shelling is fueling the already
Grievous anger among Israeli citizens as
barrage of rockets trigger Sirens across
Israeli cities with Netanyahu government
not taking any serious actions as per
the residence in Israel now civilians
are livid with authorities earlier two
Israeli ministers were visiting a
hospital when they were forced to leave
the environment Minister was in a
hospital in a central isra in central
Israel where she was confronted by
visitors and staff one of the visitors
can be see can be heard saying to the
official that you've ruined this
country even a hospital worker in Green
scrubs then says how are you not ashamed
to start another war in another instance
the transport Minister was was paraded
out of a hospital in Tel Aviv even with
security officials present one of the
hecklers through what appears to be a
can of white paint at The Minister's car
he he was being escorted
out but was able to Chuck that can right
at the
vehicle meanwhile the chairman of the
Israeli National Security Council has
said that they bear responsibility for
what happened as a result of the Hamas
attack he added that there will be an
investigation into the negligence that
allowed the Hamas attack and they are
currently focusing on ending Hamas in
Gaza the chairman also added that they
did not receive any intelligence
information before the Hamas
[Music]
attack