the attack is said to have lasted up to
5 hours on Sunday Yemen's hoi Rebels
claimed to have targeted what they
described as two Israeli ships in the
Red Sea area one with a naval missile
and the other with a naval
drone the two vessels were targeted
after they rejected warnings from the
yemeni naval forces the yemeni Armed
Forces will continue to prevent Israeli
ships from navigating the red and Arab
Seas until the Israeli aggression
against our brothers in the Gaza Strip
stopped
an Israeli Army spokesman denied that
the ships had any connection to Israel
he however said that one ship had been
significantly damaged and that another
had been lightly
damaged the US military meanwhile said
that a US warship operating in the area
had responded to distress calls shooting
down several drones one of which it said
was headed towards the USS Carney the
Army said it wasn't able to assess at
this time whether the US ship was a
Target it did not sustain any damage
according to the US Army there were four
attacks in total against three
commercial vessels the Hy claim made no
mention of the US ship since the start
of the latest Israel Gaza War the rebels
have claimed a number of attacks on
Israel over the weekend houthi fighters
paraded in SAA a show of support
intended for the people of
Gaza from the land of Yemen from sah we
come with an army of believers an army
that carries faith you do not possess
the same strength of Will and faith that
we possess and we will support you our
Palestinian Brothers we will not abandon
you we will fight alongside you around 2
weeks ago the rebels seized what they
described as an Israeli linked ship the
Galaxy leader also in the Red Sea in
these images Hoy Fighters can be seen
carrying out the
hijacking the ship is still being held
near the port city of
Huda