there is a Relentless effort underway by
the Israeli military to wipe out the
militant group responsible for a
massacre of unimaginable scale using air
attacks on Gaza and amazing some 300,000
troops for an anticipated ground
incursion Palestinian civilians caught
in the crossfire are paying the toll for
the actions of Hamas food and water are
in limited Supply we're very worried
about how this will evolve over time
particularly if the human situation is
not
addressed in Tel Aviv America's top
Diplomat stood steadfastly by its
alliance with Israel but with caution
top of Mind Israel has the right indeed
the obligation to defend itself and to
ensure that this never happens
again as the Prime Minister and I
discussed how Israel does this matters
the US is urging Israel to ensure the
safety of civilians but it's a difficult
ask given the horrors still being
discovered in southern Israel where
homes were raided and burned and
hundreds of innocent people slaughtered
and Hamas should be treated exactly the
way Isis was
treated they should be spit out from the
community of Nations there is an urgent
Rush by Nations to get citizens out of
the region Canada included where the
government says 130 Canadians were
airlifted on Thursday so many others
including a to possibly 150 hostages
held by Hamas gunmen have not been as
lucky with Israel's government pleading
with the International Community do
whatever it takes to bring them back
home immediately there are growing
concerns of additional attacks on Israel
from adversaries and fears this conflict
could further destabilize a region
battered by generations of War regie
Chini Global News
Washington