now with the Israel Gaza war that has
entered 13th day US President Joe Biden
is expected to ask Congress in the near
future to approve about hundred billion
in emergency funds to arm Israel Ukraine
and thawan as well as to fortify the US
Mexico border the funding request which
lawmakers expect to receive by Friday
morning would cover a full year it is
aimed at insulating the security
security funding from the partisan
spending battles the package is expected
to include about $1 billion in mostly
military assistance to help Israel as
well as around $60 billion for Ukraine
the balance of the hundred billion is
expected to be dedicated to border
security and helping beef up the
defenses of Taiwan and the indopacific
region in order to better counter
threats from China
Israel has also expressed its
willingness to accept aid from other
allies for instance its ambassador to
India na Gillan recently said that
Israel would welcome any help from India
for release of over 200 Israeli hostages
who are still being held by the Hamas
group
Von correspondent jod Kon spoke to
Israel's leader of opposition y on the
possibility of joining the unity
government in a time of emergency let's
take a look at this exclusive
conversation this is Jody K from weon I
wanted to ask this is a time of War this
is a time of emergency missing forces in
the south of the country in the north of
the country preparing to
defend because it's a time of emergency
would you consider joining the emergency
Unity government as a message of unity
to the people of Israel and also to
Israel's enemies well I was the first
one to offer government um we were
discussing how to make it as effective
as possible we couldn't get into an
agreement and I felt that this was wrong
to keep on negotiating in the time of
War so as you can see right now I'm
working and I'm working with the
government for the people of Israel we
have so many ways of doing so the people
of Israel are united whe whether or not
it has a political translation doesn't
doesn't matter at all to
[Music]
nobody