scenes of Devastation in Rafa refugee
camp as Israel resumes its bombardment
following the end of the week-long truce
and in K Yunis also in southern Gaza
meanwhile Rockets were fired from
northern Gaza toward Israel the two
sides blamed each other speaking from
Dubai US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin joined Israel in blaming Hamas
Hamas rened on commitments had made in
fact even before the pause came to an
end it committed an atrocious terrorist
attack in Jerusalem killing three people
wounding others including Americans uh
it began firing Rockets before the pause
it ended and as I said it renaged on the
commitments it made in terms of
releasing certain hostages the truce
ended early Friday as blinken left
Israel Hamas accused him of giving prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu permission
to resume
strikes it was clear yesterday that the
Israeli side wants to go back to
fighting as several ideas were put
forward by mediators and we accepted
three of them and despite that the
Israeli side said no no no every time
with more than 100 hostages still held
by Hamas another truce could restart if
both parties agree blinkin said the US
is pushing for it he again urged Israel
to avoid further Mass displacement of
Palestinians and damage to critical
infrastructure and to begin discussion
about what happens to Gaza once the
fighting ends how's it govern uh where's
where does the security come from how do
we begin to rebuild and critically um
how we get on a path to ad Justus and
Lasting peace and for us of course that
has to result in a state for the
Palestinians earlier this week in ramala
West Bank Lincoln told Palestinian
president Mahmud abas that the US is set
to impose Visa bans on Israeli settlers
who attacked Palestinians in the West
Bank signaling a tougher stance from the
Biden Administration as International
pressure mounts on Israel it's around a
thousand children have had uh an upper
or lower limb or both amputated um these
past weeks around a thousand uh again
it's callous to think that we are now to
know that we are now apparently
returning to that the UN is urging
Israel to abide by International
humanitarian law and ensure the
protection of civilians the Israeli
military says it has taken steps to do
so patus VA news Washington
then