two separate protests engulfed the
streets of New York City on Sunday
afternoon in the first hundreds of pro
Palestinian demonstrators assembled in
Times Square to express their support
for the Hamas attack on Israel that has
claimed hundreds of lives the attack
they argue was
justified will be free I think anything
that we see has to be viewed in its
historical context right it has to be
viewed in the context of 75 years of
ongoing Israeli ethnic cleansing
displacement and uh violence against
Palestinians free
[Music]
people to blame them for reacting is
absolutely horrific I'm not pro violence
for anyone but this is really is
horrific and I want people to understand
Palestinians are people and they deserve
to be free on the other side of the city
in front of the United Nations
Headquarters hundreds of demonstrators
gathered to demonstrate solidarity with
the people of Israel the point to be
here is to support Israeli government
against the crimes of the Hamas regime
and to support the Israeli people my
people I'm here I'm crying with them
soon or later we will hunt them each and
every one of them many expressed
incomprehension of the Hamas militants
raid they're kidnapping small children
and babies out of their beds in their
homes and they're using them as pawns to
to try to free terrorists this is insane
against the backdrop of Street protest
mayor Eric Adams of New York City
affirmed his steadfast support for
Israel on Twitter in a moment when
innocent people are being slaughtered
and children kidnapped in Israel it is
disgusting that this group of extremists
would show support for terrorism I
reject this do not use our streets to
spread your hate
as the conflict is still in its initial
stages demonstrations like the ones in
New York City Sunday will likely
continue Aaron Ran vaa news New York
City