the truce delay has hit gaza's children
most the bleeding and the pain goes
on the doctors in the Gaza European
Hospital filmed these pictures for us
all these children were brought in just
before we spoke the Situation's now
critical they say after the Indonesian
and alifa hospitals were bombed out of
action their mother in very bad
situation
nice to you now and he told me others
had even worse wounds he was a child of
3 years old and his skull was uh broken
and his brain matter was out and it was
an infected wound and he was alive you
can imagine this is the countdown to
ceasefire filled with death and panic in
the strip scram rumbling to save lives
as the Israeli air strikes have
continued they've been pounding car
yunas where the gazans were told to flee
to misery and fear doesn't come much
more raw than
this even before the 4 day L the Israeli
defense minister was warning his
soldiers will be back telling his troops
to prepare for another two months of
fighting after the pause stay inside the
IDF filmed this footage of tunnels
claiming its evidence of extensive
terrorist activity in alifa hospital and
arrested its director prompting other
Hospital directors in Gaza to call for
international intervention to protect
them he will be just in the jail he'll
be in the prison prison this is UN
unbelievable unacceptable and I do
believe that all the International
Community should stand against this
Criminal and Shout loudly that this
should not happen to the hospital and to
the hospital um managers to the hospital
directors this is a crime as the wounded
from alifa arrived at his Hospital more
sounds of bombings the truce will allow
more Aiden to help these
people but their injuries are extensive
and the numbers suffering from them huge
we are drowning here the doctors told us
Alex Crawford use