[Music]
[Music]
on
[Music]
go
[Music]
the court is also of the view that
Israel must take measures within its
power to prevent and punish the direct
and public incitement to commit genocide
in relation to the members of the
Palestinian group in the Gaza
[Music]
[Music]
trip
[Music]
regarding the provisional measure
requested by South Africa that Israel
must submit a report to the court on all
measures taken to give effect to the
order the court recalls that it has the
power reflected in article 78 of the
rules of court to request the parties to
provide information on any matter
connected with the implementation of any
provisional measures it has
indicated in view of the specific
provisional measures it has decided to
in indicate the court considers that
Israel must submit a report to the court
on all measures Tak to give effect to
this order within 1 month as from the
date of this
[Music]
order
[Music]
the order then states that the court
deems it necessary to emphasize that all
parties to the conflict in the Gaza
Strip are bound by International
humanitarian law it is Gravely concerned
about the fate of the hostages abducted
during the attack in Israel on 7 October
2023 and held since then by Hamas and
other armed groups and calls for their
immediate and unconditional
[Music]
release
[Music]
Israel's commitment to international law
is
unwavering equally unwavering is our
sacred commitment to continue to defend
our country and defend our people like
every country Israel has an inherent
right to defend itself
the vile attempt to deny Israel this
fundamental right is blatant
discrimination against the Jewish State
and it was justly rejected the charge of
genocide leveled against Israel is not
only false it's outrageous and decent
people everywhere should reject it on
the eve of the international Holocaust
Remembrance Day I again pledge as
Israel's prime minister never again
Israel will continue to defend itself
against Hamas a genocidal Terror
organization I
[Music]
[Music]
ation
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
one up the
[Music]
get