after 13 days of the Israel hamus war
that has left hundreds of people dead
the drum beat of War has only grown
louder prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
has rallied Frontline troops near Gaza
decked in body armor he pledged that
troops would fight like lions and win
with full force Israeli defense minister
y Galant also toured the front line
telling some tens of thousands of troops
awaiting the ground Invasion that new
orders would come
soon
the US has been flying military support
for Israel including two Iron Dome
missile defense systems it had
previously purchased after ordering its
largest aircraft carrier to move closer
to Israel Washington deployed a second
aircraft carrier President Joe Biden is
asking Americans to spend billions more
dollars to help Israel fight Hamas the
US has set up a small C of Special
Operations forces it is working with
Israel to provide intelligence and
planning as well as advice on hostage
recovery efforts the Pentagon has also
ordered additional war planes to bolster
A10 F15 and F-16 squadrons at West Asian
bases the US defense secretary recently
ordered about 2,000 US forces to be
prepared to deploy if needed officials
say say the Biden Administration has
already given Israel small diameter
bombs and other Munitions and more will
come on the other side Hamas and other
Palestinian groups in the Gaza Strip
have a variety of homemade or smuggled
rockets at their disposal to use against
Israel a bigger threat is being posed by
has bullas Iranian supplied arsenal of
rockets drones and missiles has buah can
rain fire on targets throughout Israel
including with far more advanced and
hard-hitting weaponry than what Hamas
has been able to
must as per the war zone portal the
sheer scale of his bu's rocket Armory is
hard to
conceptualize in 2016 estimates put its
Arsenal at around
15,000 Rockets a ten-fold increase over
the roughly
15,000 that was said to be available
ahead of the 2006 Lebanon war that
number has since grown even larger
Hezbollah also possesses short range
ballistic missiles drones and anti-ip
missiles given hezbollah's Arsenal
Israel is staring at a potential
two-front war and would need to tackle
rocket barges in such a
scenario
[Music]
[Music]