it was a gathering of some of the most
influential leaders of the Muslim world
all of them here to reject Donald
Trump's decision on Jerusalem and had
declared East Jerusalem the capital of
the state of Palestine there was a cold
states which support Palestine to
recognize Palestine as a reaction of
what was taken by the US administration
as his highness mr. president Budapest
let us let those who did not recognize
Palestine recognize it as to express
clearly and openly their attitude
towards Palestine turkish President
Recep Tayyip Erdogan said the status of
Jerusalem known in Arabic as alkyds
was a red line for Muslims and that
trumps decision was unlawful and
provocative Israel which is guilty of
occupation blockades illegal settlements
destruction of houses displacement
seizing land and property
disproportional violence and murder was
rewarded for all the terror acts it
committed with this decision Palestinian
President Mahmoud Abbas told delegates
the decision was a crime we hear today
and we have behind us the world at large
our peoples are Nations all muslims and
christians both in our region and across
the world are in our in our support to
defend puts jerusalem and preserve it
against the conspiracies that are being
played to alter its nature and character
the emergency meeting was held in
response to the announcement last week
by US president donald trump on the
future of the city i have determined
that it is time to officially recognize
Jerusalem as the capital of Israel his
declaration was almost universally
condemned including by the United
Nations and the European Union it
triggered World
protests in particular across the Middle
East in other muslim-majority countries
Jerusalem is a holy site for Christians
Jews and Muslims it remains at the core
of the israeli-palestinian conflict the
summit ended with a formal declaration
that the United States should withdraw
from its role in the peace process while
the IOC will be pushing for the rest of
the world to officially recognize East
Jerusalem the capital of Palestine the
real challenge the group will be to get
them on board and only then president
erawan says can they embark on a lasting
and sustainable peace process almanach
er two worlds
[Music]