a second group of 17 hostages who were
held captive in Gaza by the Hamas have
now been released according to Israeli
officials there were 13 Israelis four
Thai Nationals who have been released
from Hamas captivity remember many of
them were widely reported their posters
had been put up for their release and
some of them finally backed but in total
250 were taken captive which means many
still await the reunion with their
families push
[Music]
tearful
reunions hugs and
laughter the joy of reuniting with the
loved ones another batch of hostages
released by Hamas and reunited with
their
families after hours of delay by Hamas
and threat of resumption of War by
Israel 17 hostages including four Thai
Nationals were
released seven children in the age group
as young as 3-year-old to 16year old six
Israeli women in the age group of 18 to
67 were among those freed relief for
families who had been waiting for their
loved ones for over a
month I'm excited I'm happy I don't know
how to feel right now because it's weird
situ situation but I'm happy and excited
finally we see uh them
home uh the people that we knew that are
supposed to be released today and we see
them and we saw them and uh it's a quite
a relief to see them
here Israeli officials said no hostage
released by Hamas for now needed urgent
medical
assistance
Israel also had to release in exchange
39 Palestinian prisoners from its two
jails these released prisoners received
a rousing welcome in the West Bank
hundreds of Palestinians came out on the
streets to celebrate the return of the
freed
prisoners meanwhile the United Nations
has said 61 trucks with humanitarian Aid
have entered into Northern Gaza under
the hostage
team the trucks included food water and
emergency medical supplies for Gaza
civilians with the temporary ceasefire
still holding there is a hope that the
truth will not be
shortlived Bureau report India
today