excellencies a lasting end to the
Israeli Palestinian conflict can only
come through a two-state
solution Israelis must see their
legitimate needs for security
materialized and Palestinians must see
their legitimate aspirations for a fully
independent viable and sovereign state
realized in line with United Nations
resolutions international law and
previous
agreements Israel's occupation must end
excellencies last week's clear and
repeated rejection of the two-state
solution at the highest level of the
Israeli government is
unacceptable and this was despite the
strongest appeals from even the friends
of Israel including those sitting around
this
table this refusal and the denial of the
right to state to the Palestinian people
would indefinitely prolong a conflict
that has become a major threat to Global
Peace and security
it would exacerbate polarization and
embolden extremists
everywhere the right of the Palestinian
people to build their own fully
independent state must be recognized by
all and any refusal to accept a
two-state solution by any party must be
firmly
rejected what is the
alternative all would the one state
solution look with such a large number
of Palestinians inside without any real
sense of fre Freedom rights and dignity
this would be
unconceivable the two-state solution is
the only way to address the legitimate
aspirations of both Israelis and
Palestinians M Mr President
excellencies the role of the
International Community is clear we must
unite to support Israelis and
Palestinians so that they can take
strong steps in favor of a true peace
process
over the last two decades the two State
solution has been criticized denigrated
and left for dead time and again
nonetheless it is and it Remains the
only way to achieve a lasting and
Equitable peace in Israel in Palestine
and across the entire region as we have
tragically seen over the last 3 months
it's also the only way out of the
Endless cycle of fear hatred and
violence stay with the times of India
for news breaks analysis interviews and
events we bring you stories from your
neighborhood and from across the globe
as well subscribe to our YouTube channel
hit the like button and press the Bell
icon so you don't miss any of our
videos and