ambulances race out into Gaza City's Al
raal neighborhood but all too often it's
only the dead that are recovered with
the death toll nearing 3,000 thousands
more Palestinians wait patiently at
Egypt's Rafa Crossing hoping it'll open
to allow them to cross to safety and on
the other side waiting to get in
hundreds of tons of Aid that's been
stuck here for days the US says Aid will
get in at some point for gaza's
residents it can't arrive fast enough
this man has been volunteering to
deliver water to the camp where he's
living I came with a rick sha to bring
the water from the far away areas the
dangerous
areas now we're filling up salt water
we're drinking salt water what else can
we do 10 days of aerial bombardment have
flattened parts of Gaza meantime Hamas
leaders are suggesting they could
release at least some of the roughly 200
hostages they are holding possibly in
exchange for a letup in the bombing of
Gaza while Tura continues its role in
some of those
negotiations but Israel still appears on
course for a ground Invasion the Biden
Administration has been increasingly
warning Israel to show restraint spare
as many civilian lives as possible and
get out quickly and at our request
United States and Israel have agreed to
develop a plan that will enable
humanitarian aid from donor Nations and
multilateral organizations to reach
civilians in Gaza and them alone
including the possibility of creating
areas to help keep civilians out of
Harm's Way the White House said
President Biden will arrive in Israel on
Wednesday after phone calls with the
leaders of Egypt and Iraq on Monday
German Chancellor Olaf Schultz is said
to be planning to travel to Egypt and
Israel while US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin continues shuttling
between Israel and Arab Nations but
while Monday appeared to be a lighter
day of rockets traded between Israel and
Gaza there was increased shelling at
Israel's northern border with Lebanon
Israel is evacuating 28 Villages near
that border after one of them came under
missile attack from
Hezbollah Andy Rosen trt world