in unison the sound of ancient Jewish
instruments marking a moment for
hostages in a conflict thousands of
miles away bring them home bring them
home home and at the end of a week of
tense exchanges in the UK around the
Israel Hamas War he has a sign that says
Hamas are
terrorist off the back of London
protests questions now over Comm
secretary Michael Go's plans to redefine
the term extremism making it less broad
more specific it's difficult because I'm
sure the bulk of people demonstrating um
have genuine concerns what's going on in
Gaza but there are um a significant
minority a very vocal minority who are
taking control and are intimidatory and
so the prime minister is right that the
some of those demonstrations have got
out of hand and Michael go is right we
need to have a a long hard look at where
the line is drawn between freedom of
speech and where what when it becomes
intimidation London's also said to have
become a no-go zone for Jews during
protests some agree some don't but
actress D Morin Litman says she feels
unsafe in general I don't want to be
frightened when I walk to
work uh and I want to live in peace
alongside peac loving people and more
moderate people must speak up do you
feel frightened work walking to
work I felt frightened for a long time
Mr Go's new definition of extremism
could see certain groups added to a band
list and this is where the language is
crucial it matters because it defines
the parameters of what's classed as
extremism some groups are concerned it
will brand legitimate organizations and
people as
extremists among them according to a
leaked document could be the Muslim
Council of Britain I think it's really
dangerous for mainstream Muslim
organizations like the Muslim Council
Britain to be considered to be extreme
in any form all of our actions over the
last decade or longer have all been
things that have been supporting our
democracy singling out Muslim Community
saying for some reason the Muslim
Council of Britain has anything to do
with extremism is totally unrealistic
and unjustifiable and we are really
worried more details will be revealed
this week and as ever it will be a
balance between freedom of speech and
protecting the public Adele Robinson Sky
News