to the conflict in the Middle East now
Israel today issued an ultimatum it will
launch its ground operation in Rafa if
hostages held by Hamas are not released
by March 10th a date that coincides with
the start of the holiest month for
Muslims here's ctv's Adrian
griel Flames tear through the charred
remains of a building in Lebanon as
black smoke fills the night sky Israel's
defense Ministry shares this video of an
air strike on what it called multiple
Hezbollah Targets in Southern Lebanon
Israel has shown its ability to
eliminate direct threats with Precision
though it's blatant bombardment across
Gaza since the October 7th attack is
once again a central Focus as a new
hearing got underway today at the United
Nations International court of
justice the only solution consistent
with international law is for this
illegal occupation to come to an
immediate unconditional and total end
ACC accusing Israel of colonialism and
AP paride the Palestinian Authority
foreign minister began making his
argument today at what is being called a
historic hearing over the course of this
week there will be approximately 50
states and three international
organizations who will be making
presentations most of them in favor of
the Palestinian argument the proceedings
are the result of a 2022 request from
the UN General Assembly for the top
Court to issue a non-binding advisory
opinion on Israel historic handling of
the Palestinian territories the Hamas
run health authority says more than 100
bodies have been recovered in the last
24 hours bringing the documented death
toll to more than
29,000 1.5 million Palestinians are now
Sheltering in gaza's southern Border
City of Rafa where there's growing fears
of a ground assault with Israel's war
cabinet delivering this clear deadline
by Ramadan hostages are not home
the fighting will continue everywhere to
include Rafa area as tensions in the
region reach New Heights the US
circulated a proposed draft resolution
today calling for a temporary ceasefire
in Gaza as soon as it's practical to do
so tomorrow the UN Security Council is
expected to vote on an Arab Nation
backed draft proposal calling for an
immediate humanitarian ceasefire the US
has already vowed to V it Omar all right
Adrian thank you