overseas now Israel announced its
withdrawing some forces from Southern
Gaza on what marks six months since the
War Began the human cost has been
devastating today renewed calls for the
release of hostages and a push to stop
the fighting tdv Tony Grace on the
pressure points of a grim Milestone the
only party that is to be
blamed
blame a cry from the core of Canada's
largest city
Israel is in a war for survival
Community groups politicians We Must
Destroy Hamas we must return the
hostages and relatives of hostages still
missing since the October 7th Hamas
attack in Israel next month she's
supposed to turn
40 I want a proof of
Life a plea echoed in Israel I'm calling
everybody don't forget them do
everything to bring them back home as
the to of 6 months of War becomes more
clear Israel reporting more than 1700
deaths in both the October 7th Hamas
attack and the conflict since while in
Gaza officials report more than 33,000
Palestinian deaths since Israel's
offensive against Hamas began and a
deepening humanitarian crisis that Aid
groups say isn't improving with the
amount of Aid trickling in if that was
alleviated I think people be more behind
Israel in their operations they've been
very heavy-handed in this entire
engagement
but prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
reiterated today there will be no
ceasefire until hostages are
released and his War Chief of Staff said
today Israeli forces are far from
stopping their effort to root out Hamas
troops have mostly withdrawn from con
yunus now but are said to be ramping up
for other operations in Gaza including
Rafa and in the wake of last week's
deaths of world Central Kitchen Aid
workers in an Israeli air strike these
words of caution from the US today
there's going to have to be some changes
to the way the Israeli Defense Forces
are Prosecuting these operations in Gaza
uh to make sure that this doesn't happen
again both Israel and Hamas confirmed
they were sending delegations to Egypt
today for a new round of ceasefire talks
but late tonight Heather no word on a
deal to pause the fighting CDV Tony
Grace thank you