dozens of rockets have been launched
from Lebanon into the occupied Goen
Heights Hezbollah Fighters say they
targeted an Israeli base and air defense
post the attack follows Israeli strikes
in lebanon's Becka Valley 100 kilometers
from the border a crossb fire has been
common since the war on Gaza began and
earlier on Sunday Israel's military said
it has completed another phase of
preparations for a possible full-on war
with Lebanon and Syria Ali hasham has
more from kafra in southern
Lebanon there are several Israeli air
strikes today in different areas of
South Lebanon fromi in the East to T in
the west and also in hasaya
andara this just gives a indication how
the situation in Lebanon has been
evolving since 6 months when this
conflict started yesterday only there
were several attacks in the bah Valley
100 kilm from the border and this give
us gives us a kind of an understanding
of how the Dynamics have been changing
over the past months there are more than
100,000 people now displaced from the
border area where at the beginning the
conflict was contained but now we can't
say that it's anymore uh uh that
situation it's not anymore contained
there with as we've been saying attacks
in the bah Valley and also hisbah on the
other side uh trying to expand the uh
front uh horizontally whereas it's uh
targeting uh military bases in the Gan
Heights which is also something
unprecedented in in previous Wars over
the past 6 months there have been more
than 50 civilians killed along with
hundreds of hisbah and other uh
militants uh Fighters also killed during
this conflict we are here in kafa where
uh this house was destroyed by an
Israeli air strike such scenes can be
seen in different and many other
Lebanese towns across the borders Ali
Hashim Al jaaz kafra Southern Lebanon