Mr munir very clearly as Mr punala is
suggesting you had a meeting where
Shashi taru speaks out against the Hamas
says Hamas has resorted to Terror you
then draw as per the statements that
have come out an equivalence between
what Hamas did and a freedom fight a
fight for resistance are you saying that
Hamas is not a terrorist group this is a
resistance group effectively justifying
what happened on October 7th and thereby
allowing Israel poit Israel Gaza
Palestine politics to play out in Kerala
in ways that are potentially
dangerous first of all I would like to
say that uh my speech was not a reply to
Shashi Shashi has said
whatever uh he has the freedom to talk
about uh his views on our stage he
should not be align to the policies of
our political party organization oration
and I was not talking about any
organization M I was talking about
Palestinians who were resisting
themselves how do you see Hamas Mr M
what how do you see H do you make a
distinction between Hamas and the
Palestinian struggle you you can look
into you can hear my speech once more I
have never mentioned about any
organizations I was mentioning about the
Palestinians the children they say that
they are praying not five times six
times they are also praying for their uh
Eternal peace for their children MH so
uh this is not an incident which has
happened on from October this is there
since decades do you condemn do you
condemn unequivocally what happened on
October 7 sir no I say that when we
should look into all the
all the incidents started starting from
uh a century that is DEC so you don't
condemn unequivocally what happened on
the seven
sir on
seven we we any innocent
people especially if the civilians are
attacked it is against international
law international
law under international law it is
punishable it is a
crime but I would like to say that what
Israel has done
in uh retaliation to this is MH about
7,000 out of 7,000 4,000 are children
are are they members of
Hamas okay so you're saying your focus
is on the Israeli attacks in Gaza which
you also believe is a war crime you made
your point let me just for everybody is
keeping quiet when
7,000 people innocent people civilians
are killed okay and still you want to
say that Palestinians are the real
terrorists and Israel are just a a
country who is defending themsel