the UN Security Council will hold this
meeting behind closed doors at 300 p.m.
on Sunday Brazil called the meeting to
address the escalating violence and
urged restraint on Saturday Israel's un
Ambassador gillad erdan wrote a letter
to the council which says that Hamas
Bears sole responsibility for the
attacks and will suffer the consequences
It also says that the state of Israel
will act in any way necessary to protect
its civilians un Secretary General
Antonio gues condemned the attacks by
Hamas he's urged all diplomatic efforts
to stop the violence from spreading
further and expressed deep concern for
the civilian population he emphasized
that civilians must be respected in
accordance with International
humanitarian law the un's middleast
envoy Tor wesland also reiterated that
attacks on civilians must stop
immediately now during the security
council meeting we can expect some
council members uh to remind both Hamas
and the Israeli government that
humanitarian law makes targeting
civilians of War crime the US ambassador
to the UN Linda Thomas Greenfield said
ahead of the meeting that she's outraged
and horrified by the brutal attacks by
her Mass terrorists against Israel and
she said that the US stands firmly with
Israel well others in the council may
make a point of calling for the root
causes of the conflict uh to be
addressed as the Secretary General has
called in the past for a two-state
solution to end the hostilities now
there may there be some discussion on
the impact of the violence on a
potential peace deal between Israel and
Saudi Arabia we don't yet know if
there's going to be any product coming
out of this security council meeting