is
paratroopers with the
video
par with the
[Applause]
video
ham Israel
mry
what I'm watching on the screen right
now is that there are paratroopers from
Hamas their entering is fa apparently
CNN is reporting that uh from all the
three sides whether it is sea air or
land Hamas is entering Israel now my
question is are the Hamas Fighters right
now in Israel or they've been uh they've
been pushed
back to the best of my knowledge and I'm
uh watching uh television just like all
of you um Hamas is still in few k boots
and villages in the south south of
Israel this uh incident is not over I
think that what you see in CNN is uh old
news I I believe that Israeli IDF uh is
managing now the situation but there are
a few pockets of terrorists uh still
there okay let me translate this uh in
the local language of our country so
that never mind let me do that for for
for my viewers
so thanks to Our Guest team and thanks
to one more
question what were you all prepared for
this situation I'm told that there have
been many drills in the past Israel is
always prepared for any any kind of
Calamity any kind of situation like this
uh or this has taken all of you by
surprise uh the drills is a routine okay
I'm used to wake up to a drill and we
all have uh safe rooms in our houses so
this this is a surprise but this the big
surprise is the attack of Hamas
terrorists on Villages and breaking the
borders this is the terrifying I'm just
going to show that in a while the
whatever you just mentioned
nowt
WEP is most feared in the
world
videoas
Lo
bre
is
[Music]
breakover
bre normal
breaking
yes
exactly
builtin buzer
gazam
well I
have I am seeing the visuals of how they
are kidnapping the women in Israel how
they're entering the houses how they
have broken the
borders uh where is it all heading
to this is this incident will end uh
very soon but the problem now is that we
have hosted
es and then attacking Gaza will be more
difficult for the Israeli Army so we are
going into a very delicate uh situation
in
Israel and uh I'm sure that uh Israeli
Army and the government will take any
measure to protect on one hand the
hostages on on the other hand hit very
hard the the Kama
terrorists and it's not a fight against
Palestine it's a fight against terrorist
group which is
called please note
it