so my name is Emily uh I'm a member of
namad which is a member of The Wider
Jewish block on these marches why are
you here today I believe it is my solemn
Duty not just as a Jew but as a human
being to stand here and demand for an
immediate ceasefire and to show that
these marches aren't an unsafe place for
Jews there are hundreds of us here today
in solidarity with
Palestinians what do you make of the
political climate at the moment and the
way uh Jews are being told to be in fear
and you know be isolated as if they're
not part of this mov I'm really
horrified that our government is using
like the very real rise in anti-Semitism
often fueled by the far right to curb
our rights to protest and to squash the
Palestinian solidarity movement not in
our
names and um this has been a kind of
watershed moment in the community that a
lot of people have been asked a big
question about where you stand and what
what stand you take yeah I think there's
been a quiet Reckoning in our community
and you can see this because the block
keeps growing the movements keep growing
constituent organizations are just
getting bigger and bigger I've never
been so sure that I will see a free
Palestine and what do you make in
particular of Robin Simcox and Lord wy's
roles um I'm very tired of being told
how to feel as a Jewish person by people
who aren't Jewish I'm tired of being
told that I should be afraid when these
marches are by and large extremely
peaceful and people are so lovely to us
and so thankful to us um really shows
they're very ignorant of Jewish opinion
outside of their very small Zionist
Rubble join the Jewish block see what
we're all about come speak to us come
see what we're doing come on one of the
marches cuz I think they'll be
pleasantly surprised