in the occupied West Bank running a
business is
unpredictable Israel changes regulations
all the time adding more
hurdles with the start of Israel's war
on Gaza the occupied West Bank has been
effectively sealed off these Farmers
cannot sell the produce that they've
been growing for Israeli
markets whens AC Crossings to Israel are
closed all our Goods like abin and
peppers go to the Market on some days we
do not sell anything at all even before
the war there were hundreds of Israeli
checkpoints there are many more
now Palestinian businesses can't reach
the main markets to sell their goods and
here's
why the Oslo agreements in the 1990s
carved up the West Bank into three zones
a b and c with the largest sea almost
entirely under Israeli control they cut
off many Palestinians from vital natural
resources such as water oil and gas and
disrupted trade and exports while
Israeli settlers did not face
restrictions as a result in the two
previous decades ever expanding illegal
settlements added three times more value
to Israel's GDP than the combined
economic growth of Gaza and the occupied
West
Bank the war has made the disparity even
worse the occupied West Bank's economy
shrank by 22% in the last 3 months of
2023 and many businesses closed
the situation is indeed serious
depending on the sectors there are
economic sectors where production and
income reached zero such as tourism
hotels and restaurants additionally 29%
of the existing companies have
closed with Israel cutting off its jobs
market for Palestinians one in three of
them are unemployed food prices have
only been on the rise causing increasing
concern cops are impacted people are
impacted because of the food prices they
don't have jobs anymore and so even
before the crisis we already struggled
with funding and the needs were high now
the needs are even much higher Israeli
settlers have been using the opportunity
to grab even more land expanding illegal
settlements that will benefit the
Israeli economy for years to come while
further costing Palestinians deepening
poverty and disrupting their lives
Dimitri Maden Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer