Let's uh listen into this report which
has been filed by our colleague Lauren
Isaacs from
Israel this is Lauren isacs reporting
for India today I'm standing inside the
Michael Levan lone soldier base where
they are packing bags and shipping items
to the soldiers on the front lines here
in Israel come look what we're
seeing this entire pile of pink bags is
going to female soldiers they have
things like toilet paper tissues wipes
de
snacks socks and t-shirts tampons all
the things that the soldiers could need
in each of these bags now come over here
and we'll see all the stuff that is
being shipped they're right now taking
out dozens and dozens tens of dozens of
boxes to ship to the South where most of
the fighting is taking place you can see
food that's been donated and this is all
only the work of one day tomorrow they
will start again with new donations new
packing packing it up and shipping it
down to the soldiers both the soldiers
both at the southern front and at the
northern front you can see behind me all
the items here they've got toiletries
they've got one section of cooked food
they've got one section of dry and
canned food they've got female bags mail
bags toiletries medical supplies
anything that you can imagine theyve got
for the soldiers the Israeli soldiers
need your help now to donate money to
donate items and that's what they're
doing here at the Michael Lev lone
soldier base to uh collect this stuff
collect money to buy these items and
ship them let's go look at the truck
where they are shipping the stuff right
now to the South come outside with me
here and you'll
see you'll see everyone packing these
Mass amounts of goods for the soldiers
this is all for the Israeli soldiers on
our front lines come look in the truck
here we've got volunteers all volunteers
packing sorting buying Distributing food
and items necessary food and items to
soldiers all of this is going to the
southern border today and tomorrow they
will start again with new donations new
items new packing and shipping to new
soldiers