another enormous turnout from the pro
Palestine campaign activists from a wide
variety of Affiliated groups not just
from London but across the UK United in
their demand for a permanent ceasefire
in Gaza the policing of these
demonstrations is also under the
spotlight despite the fact that it was
Far Right counter demonstrators and not
pro Palestine groups who were
responsible for the violence seen on a
previous rally a fortnight ago
nonetheless leaflets were being
distributed Among The Crowd by police
officers warning that placards and chant
containing racism or hate speech would
result in arrest and prosecution one
March organizer not impressed it's not
the police's business to tell Marchers
what they can and cannot say they've
already admitted that no illegal
chanting has ever taken place on these
demonstrations so it's simply
intimidation London's police statistics
show that across the capital there's
been a significant increase in both
islamophobic and anti-semitic hate
crimes since the start of the war in
Gaza but the UK government's pass
description of these ceasefire rallies
as hate marches is strenuously disputed
by organizers we also reject any attempt
and there are many attempts been made to
conflate anti-Semitism with legitimate
advocacy for Palestinian rights
including attempts to try to demonize
the legitimate charm from The River To
The Sea Palestine will be free so we
expect the police to act within the law
we know the peaceful people coming here
today are peaceful and they are clear on
the foundations on which they are
Marching which are clear anti-racist
found ations there were some individual
arrests on suspicion of offenses
connected to hate speech and support for
Hamas less than a dozen individuals in a
crowd of many tens of
thousands a leaflet reminding protesters
about the UK law on hate speech is of
course not in itself an infringement of
Free Speech but there are lingering
questions among the demonstrators here
about whether this kind of police tactic
is either fair or proportionate Paul
brenon AL jazer Central London
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer