will the Prime Minister prime minister
seek to deescalate the situation and
call for an immediate
ceasefire prime minister uh perhaps The
Honorable lady would would do well to
call on herass and the hoties to
deescalate the
[Music]
situation
[Music]
a
[Music]
n
[Music]
my question to the prime minister in no
way had that implication I was calling
for a deescalation in the region and for
an immediate ceasefire and his
accusation is absolutely untrue in this
house and elsewhere I have repeatedly
condemned the actions of Hamas and
called for the release of all hostages
moreover the the member's gross
accusation is playing to a racist Trope
implying that because I am a Muslim I
support
[Music]
Hamas
[Music]
really has been a new law and a new pain
painful blow today for the prime
minister to say to a British Muslim in
this house member of the centry South
that she should tell Hamas and hoo is to
stop doing what they're doing that is an
islamophobic TR Mr Deputy speaker maybe
the Prime Minister will reflect withdraw
and take the opportunity to show
leadership and
apologize
[Music]
now I would say to The Honorable lady I
have said to all members consistently
not to conflate these conflicts and when
they're calling on the UK to deescalate
tensions to recognize that the people
who are causing these situations in the
first place is the Hamas terrorist
organization and the hoties and it's got
nothing to do with anything else other
than to recognize the instigators of
this violence and illegality and make
sure that that is uppermost in
everybody's mind when we have these
conversations about the best way to
[Music]
respond
[Music]