the attack by Iran has Congress scram
scrambling to pass aid for Israel and
possibly Ukraine our seni Congressional
correspondent Rachel Scot on Capitol
Hill with the latest forth this morning
good morning Rachel hey Michael good
morning to you and this is a risky move
for house Speaker Mike Johnson for
months he has avoided saying how he
plans to address aid for Israel Ukraine
and Taiwan now under growing pressure he
has unveiling his plan for the first
time but it is a complicated one the
Speaker of the House said that the house
will not vote on the Senate's bipartisan
foreign aid package that wrapped aid for
Israel Ukraine and Taiwan all into one
instead Johnson plans to break that
package up and bring four separate bills
to the floor for a vote one for each
issue and then a final bill that's
really shaping up to be a republican
wish list with conservative policy wins
Johnson knows he has a razor thin
majority he's trying to satisfy all
different wings of his party so that he
can keep the speaker Gabel sources tell
me that speaker Johnson did speak to
President Biden by before unveiling this
package to Republicans behind closed
doors just yesterday but it's unclear if
Democrats are going to go along with any
of this either way Johnson says those
votes will be happening this week
Michael I know you'll be covering that
for us and you know the house moved to
impeach Homeland Security secretary
Alejandro mayores and today those
articles are going to be handed over to
the Senate yeah exactly Michael the
house voted to impeach Homeland Security
secretary Alejandra mayorcas over his
handling of the Border he was the first
cabinet secretary in 150 years to be
impeached so today those articles will
be transferred over to the Senate
Democrats pointing out there is no
evidence of high crimes and misdemeanors
which is why they are expected to
quickly dismiss these charges Michael
all right reg Scott thank you as always