in the early hours of the 7th of October
Israelis living near the border with
Gaza awoke to the sounds of Hamas
militants killing and kidnapping their
neighbors as the hours stretched on and
they hid they were terrified they
wondered if they would even live through
the nightmare 11 days after the Hamas
attack on Israel the situation for the
hostages remained Grim the militant
group Hamas has said that 250 people are
being held hostage in Gaza and that they
will be released quote when conditions
are ripe in a televised statement late
on Monday Abu obida the spokesperson for
hamas's military Wing said that they
have been holding around 200 people
captive while about 50 others were being
held by other resistance factions and
other places but the question which
raises now is how are these hostages
being treated by the militant Group Well
Hamas released the first video of a
hostage taken to Gaza the short video
clip shows Mia Shem lying on a bed her
right arm being bandaged by someone out
of the frame a long fresh scar is
clearly visible speaking into the camera
Shem who looks pale but is sitting up
straight with her head held high says
that she was injured and taken to Gaza
then pleaded to return to her family
seeing the 21-year-old alive in the
video clip her mother holding a picture
of her daughter urged the government and
world leaders to bring her daughter back
home
I saw my baby on
television I saw she's
alive and I saw that she was I had I
heard before rumors that she was shot in
the shoulder or in the leg so I can see
she was shut in her shoulder I see she
has an
operation she looks very terrified
she looks like she's in big
pain there are many more like Shen being
held by Hamas in the Gaza Strip and
according to the Israeli Defense Forces
the spokesperson the military has so far
notified the families of 199 hostages
that their loved ones are being held in
the Gaza Strip among the hostages that
Hamas took are many elderly children and
women moreover the spokesperson said
that the military has some information
on the whereabouts of hostages being
held by Hamas in the Gaza
[Music]
Strip