Defense Forces have ued its air and
ground assault to Northern Gaza this as
the hosted situation remains a big
crisis for the next of kin take a look
at this report where my colleague Pradip
spoke to one such man who was running
from Pillar To Post in search of his
family
members let me speak to him because
today he has met the president of Israel
also let me talk to him and find out
what exactly you asked president today
because you along with many other met
him today yes we just uh was in the uh
president house today with meeting and I
asked
him why they didn't release first at
least the children and the women okay
and
uh we want the families go back get out
from Gaza today not tomorrow no after
tomorrow soon soon as possible
okay
uh we got we didn't get uh answer okay
because it's more complicated that we
think but we believe that the children
the women at least they need to release
today it's very danger place to them
they're innocent the
kids like you
say they don't know politics they don't
know they want to play they want to come
back home her mother she need to be with
them and also my son okay he is it's
simple man okay good family man okay and
he need to be with this family back in
home it's very difficult to
us there are those like Hamas that hold
innocence hostage and then people like
shiran who are helping families of H
hostage in their time of of need by
amplifying the voices of Hostage
families let's listen into what she has
to
say Shan you have started a kind of a
campaign where you want these hostages
back so what is the idea behind your
campaign what you trying to do so we are
a tech entrepreneurs that came together
me and my partner Danielle ofek that
established angel and a Paris Innovation
for peris Center for Innovation and
peace so we came together to a build and
create this campaign based on AI and we
want to give nvo and the other OES voice
because today they are silent no one can
hurt them and we as a society we need to
be their voice we need to speak up for
them we should do we should do whatever
we can that those amazing people
innocent people will come back home
safely