Israel's Iron Dome the anti-missile
system you just heard about was first
deployed in March of
2011 the military claims it has about a
95% success rate but it was pushed to
the Limit during the early hours of the
attack due to the sheer number of
rockets fired cbs's David Martin takes
an in-depth look at how it
works Israel says Hamas has launched
more than 4,500 Rockets many of them
intercepted by the iron Dome air defense
system it has kept the death toll from
going even higher and today President
Biden promised to send more interceptors
manufactured by Ron at about $50,000
each we're surging additional military
assistance including ammunition and
interceptors to replenish Iron
Dome we're going to make sure that
Israel does not run out of these
critical
assets Iron Dome has been defending
Israel against terrorist Rockets for
more than a decade it has been um
effective as it typically is in taking a
lot of those Rockets out of the sky and
saving countless lives by doing now now
of course some Rockets have gotten
through to to tragic cost because the
flight time for a rocket is so short
Iron Dome can operate on
automatic as soon as a rocket launches
detected an alert goes out telling
everyone to run for shelter while Iron
Dome launches its inter ctors homing in
only on Rockets headed toward populated
areas so it doesn't have to fire 4500
interceptors to shoot down 4,500 Rockets
no a significant fraction of these
Rockets are not going to hit anything
vital retired General Frank McKenzie
former commander of US forces in the
Middle East says Hamas doesn't really
care where the Rockets land they've got
a large stockpile of missiles and I
think we should anticipate the intensity
of these attacks to continue for few
days
yet if hezb which is based in Lebanon on
Israel's northern border unleashes its
stockpile of rockets and missiles Iron
Dome could be stretched to its limit
Nora that is the big concern David
Martin thank you