Iran has launched a historic attack
against Israel firing drones and
missiles in response to an air strike on
an Iranian consulate earlier this month
while Israel says the majority of those
weapons were intercepted and damage is
minimal there are growing International
concerns about what happens next well
this is an unprecedented attack Iran
launching 300 missiles and drones at
Israeli soil for the very first time
Israel says it intercepted about 99% of
those with the help of its allies the
United States the UK Jordan and support
from France too it says a an army base
was hit and that one child was injured
on the ground and that that child is
receiving treatment in hospital Israel's
defense minister UF Galan says the
attacks are not over yet and that Israel
should remain on alert the attack is in
direct response to the April 1st attack
against the Iranian Consulate in
Damascus Syria one that was widely
believed to be launched by Israel
although is Israel didn't take direct
responsibility for it in that attack
seven members of Iran's Islamic
revolutionary guard Corps were killed
incl including two senior commanders
Iran and Israel have long been involved
in an indirect War particularly you via
Hamas and Hezbollah in Lebanon but this
is the first time of such a direct
confrontation as for what happens next
while the ball appears to be in Israel's
Court Israel says it will make a
significant response hardliners in
Israel's government will want to see
that happen but Iran says it has
achieved all its objectives and that it
will only respond if Israel retaliates
US President Joe Biden is urging a
diplomatic response he has return to the
White House the UN Secretary General and
Russia are among the others who have
called for cam Joe Biden will host a G7
leaders meeting later the question that
many are asking now is whether or not
there is a way out of this where both
sides Israel and Iran can claim victory
without escalating this conflict further
Redmond Shannon Global News London