the United States is urging Israel to
move towards surgical operations against
Hamas as opposed to its current broad
ground campaign the shift in the
strategy it was suggested by White House
National Security adviser Jake Sullivan
in his talks with Israel here's a report
detailing the latest
developments as Israel pounded the Gaza
Strip on Thursday Washington's Envoy was
in Tel Aviv to discuss how its Ally
could better protect Palestinian
civilians in its war on Hamas militants
White House National Security adviser
Jake Sullivan met with Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and spoke
with other officials including the
country's defense minister about
possibly transitioning to what the White
House called Lower intensity military
operations in Gaza here's White House
National Security spokesperson John
Kirby one of the things that Jake did
talk to him about uh was progress in the
War uh and where the Israeli think it's
going to go um um he did talk about um
uh possible transitioning from what we
would call high intensity operations
which is what we're seeing them do now
to lower intensity operations uh
sometime you know in the near future but
I don't want to put a timestamp on it I
think you can understand that last thing
we'd want to do is Telegraph to Hamas
what the what they're likely to face in
coming weeks and months at an event in
Bethesda Maryland Reuters asked US
president Joe Biden if he wanted Israel
to scale back its assault on Gaza by the
end of the year I want them to be
focused on how to save civilian lives
not stop going after himas but be more
careful meanwhile in the Rafa area of
Southern Gaza dozens of wounded people
were taken to the hospital on Thursday
after an Israeli air strike targeted a
house paramedics said six were killed in
the air strike and dozens were injured
including women at and children Israel
launched its campaign in retaliation for
a rampage by Hamas whose Fighters killed
12200 Israelis and seized 240 hostages
in a crossb raid on October 7th since
then Israeli forces have bombarded the
coastal strip and laid much of it to
waste with nearly 19,000 people
confirmed dead according to Palestinian
Health officials and thousands more
feared buried under the
rebel Bon is now avail in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move