Abdul hakeim can now only survey his
Olive Groves in KRA in the occupied West
Bank from a distance the last time he
set foot there a few days ago he was
threatened and
beaten over there you can see the farm
that's my
land me and my wife and my nephew they
hit us with their guns and they kicked
us and they said if you come back here
you will die
he tells us armed settlers have been
descending onto Farms more and more
often settler attacks aren't new here
but they've surged in this region since
the 7th of October groups of settlers on
the Rampage destroying olive trees and
farm equipment and attacking
Farmers six Palestinians have been
killed in settler attacks in KRA in the
past
month Le leaving Farmers too afraid to
harvest their olives at this crucial
time of
year Che all these olive trees around
here on that Hill up there and on that
side too and further on it's the same
story right now their owners aren't
allowed to go there if they go they'll
get shot
at Palestinians accuse Israeli troops of
turning a blind eye to settle of
violence only around 40% of KRA olives
are being harvested this year and where
they are F like here at Abdul hakim's
neighbor's Farm the work is tense and
has to be completed fast in Just 2
days this time Israeli coordination
troops are keeping watch to see off
settlers but that's not always the
case there's always tension around the
olive harvest in the occupied West Bank
but this year with the spike in sett
attacks it's more tense than ever
Palestinians here telling us they feel
they're being pushed off their land it's
the last day we can Harvest our olives
if you haven't finished tough and the
other Groves have been leveled by
bulldozers they threatened us saying go
back home they say this is our
land around half a million settlers now
live in the occupied West Bank
emboldened by Israel's farri coalition
government and while the world's
attention has turned to Gaza the rise in
attacks by the most violent settler
group groups is bringing this territory
to Boiling
Point