this Palestinian child like many others
in Gaza has been out searching for
food he's found a sa of flow but it's
too heavy to
lift is this food coming from me or you
no it's coming from Allah only Allah
knows how we're managing we're 11 people
and my father has high blood pressure
and diabetes God knows how we're living
we have neither food nor
Provisions the UN says femine can hit
the nor nor Gaza any time thousands line
up for hours each day for a hot meal
distributed by Volunteers in Northern
Gaza residents of jabalia refugee camp
are among those who are
suffering with the siege the poor living
conditions and the catastroph that we
are living through under the shadow of
Siege and the bombardment of our homes
here are our children women and elderly
gathered in this month unable to find
something to eat the international
definition of femine is when a
population faces widespread malnutrition
and hunger related deaths due to food
scarcity according to the world food
program femine is officially declared
when at least 20% of the population
experiences extreme levels of hunger one
in three children must also be found to
be acutely
malnourished and the daily mortality
rate from starvation or malnutrition
must be double the average surpassing
two adult and four child deaths per
10,000 hundreds of a trucks are still
waiting for approval to enter Gaza and
relieve some of that need they are lined
up at the Rafa border crossing waiting
for Israel to approve their entry losing
its grip on the blockade the extent of
Israel's continued restrictions on the
entry of a into Gaza together with the
manner in which it continues to conduct
hostilities May amount to the use of
starvation as a method of War which is a
war crime the clock is ticking everyone
especially those with influence must
insist that Israel acts to facilitate
the unimpeded entry and distribution of
needed humanitarian assistance to end
salvation and avert all risk of famine
many are hoping that diplomacy and
international pressure will prevail and
more food will be allowed into Gaza
until then hundreds of thousands of
people continue to go out every day and
risk life and limb for a bite to eat
kubra AK TI
world