major donors to the United Nations
Palestinian refugee agency have
suspended funding to the organization
following allegations that around a
dozen of its employees were involved in
the October 7th Hamas attacks in Israel
here's what you need to know about
unra anra stands for United Nations
relief and works Agency for Palestinian
refugees in the near East it was
established in 1949 after the war
surrounding the founding of Israel when
700,000 Palestinians fled or were driven
from their homes today it directly
employs 30,000 Palestinians serving 5.9
million people in the Gaza Strip the
West Bank and camps in neighboring Arab
countries its 13,000 employees in Gaza
run schools healthc care clinics and
distribute humanitarian Aid its services
have grown more important since 2005
when Israel in Egypt imposed a blockade
nearly the entire gazin population
relies on unra for Necessities like food
water and hygiene
supplies contributions from UN member
States including Regional governments
and the European union account for more
than 89% of the ay's funding in 2022 the
US was its top donor it also receives
funding from the regular un budget and
gets Financial contributions from other
un bodies the US Britain and several EU
members have sused ended their funding
in the wake of the
allegations a six-page Israeli dossier
shared with the United States and
reviewed by Reuters says 10 staff
members directly participated in the
raid into Israeli territory and two
others were summoned to assist the raid
the dossier says Israel also has wider
evidence that anra has employed 190
Hamas and Islamic Jihad
militants unra says it acted swiftly to
fire staff after being alerted of
Israeli evidence that they participated
in the October 7th attacks it believes
the funding Cuts could jeopardize its
entire Mission and dramatically worsen
an already catastrophic humanitarian
emergency in Gaza the organization has
been under Financial strain for years
and in January 2023 appealed for $1.6
billion in funding Israeli authorities
have long called for the agency to be
dismantled arguing that its mission is
Obsolete and it Fosters anti-israel
sentiment anra strongly disputes this
characterization