here in the jabalia refugee camp in
Northern Gaza people prepare to Mark Eid
Al fider the feast that ends the
month-long observance of Ramadan amid
the destruction there is little cheer
for Palestinians this
year there is no meaning for Eid from
inside the shelter places this man says
the devastated Enclave is facing the
risk of widespread famine and disease
with nearly all of its inhabitants now
homeless about 6 months into Israel's
air and ground campaign in Gaza which
was triggered by hamas's attack on
Southern Israel on October 7th Israel
says Aid is moving into Gaza more
quickly after International pressure but
the amount is disputed the United
Nations says it's still much less than
the bare minimum to meet humanitarian
needs Hamas said on Tuesday that an
Israeli ceasefire proposal delivered
during talks in Cairo fell short of its
demands but the group said it would
study the offer further and deliver a
response to Egyptian and qari mediators
the the talks have so far failed to
reach a breakthrough in pausing the war
Hamas wants any agreement to secure an
end to the Israeli offensive a
withdrawal of forces as well as to allow
displaced people to return to their
homes Israel wants to secure the release
of hostages seized by Hamas in the
October attack of the 253 people seized
on October 7th 133 hostages remain
captive resident said Israeli forces
kept up air strikes in central Gaza and
Rafa on
Tuesday
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu told military recruits the
same day that Israel will quote complete
the elimination of Hamas brigades
including in Rafa he has said victory
over Hamas required going into the
southern city and that there is a date
for the operation despite Washington's
warning not to go ahead US Secretary of
State Anthony blinkin says he expects
the talks between Israel and US
officials to take place next week on
that potential operation there have been
International pleas for restraint in
Rafa where over a million displaced
civilians are holed
up