now over in Gaza I made conflicting
reports over the timeline regarding the
ceasefire deal between Israel and Hamas
hostages could be released as early as
this Friday the deal also includes more
Aid into Gaza iin has the
details Israel says the terms of the
ceasefire agreement between Israel and
Hamas through mediation by the United
States Egypt and Qatar will not go into
effect before Friday that's according to
Israel's National security adviser and
despite an earlier Announcement by Hamas
that the ceasefire deal would begin on
Thursday at 10:00 a.m. local time a
reuter's report citing an Israeli Source
said the delay is because Hamas and
Qatar had yet to sign the agreement
however the source said they were
confident the agreement would go
ahead I welcome the news that 50
hostages all women and children will be
released in return for the release of
150 Palestinian women and children and a
much needed humanitarian PS I thank the
governments of Egypt Qatar and the
United States for facilitating this
agreement under the terms of the
agreement Israeli officials said the
hostages would be released in four
phases during pauses in the fighting
with at least 10 hostages released at
each stage officials also said the
pauses would allow for an increase in
humanitarian Aid to Gaza although there
is no agreement on how much Aid would be
allowed into The Enclave Israeli
officials have also confirmed that the
country's Air Force would stop flying
over Southern Gaza and have agreed to a
6-hour daily no-fly window in the
northern end of the territory during the
ceasefire meanwhile a G20 virtual Summit
was held on Wednesday during which all
leaders welcomed the news of a ceasefire
and held further discussions for a
sustainable ceasefire and peace
agreement the meeting was presided over
by Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi
who called on leaders to do everything
in their power to ensure that the Israel
Hamas conflict does not spread further
calling the situation a matter of
concern for all of
usan AD
news