it's a deal that on paper looks good for
the Egyptians and look good for the and
good for the for the Israelis without
the fear of uh Mass evacuation uh Mass
displacement of of Palestinians because
this has been one of the uh pinning
points for Egypt that it doesn't want to
see millions of Palestinians move uh
move outside of uh outside of uh uh
Palestine now what does Netanyahu say is
that this agreement is no longer viable
because of the current conditions in
Gaza so he thinks that if he goes into
into uh into into Rafa most of the
Palestinians will have no choice but to
go over the beyond the uh the border and
move to and move to move to Sinai this
would appe is the uh right wing of his
uh of his U of his government but uh not
necessarily I think would uh ensure
Safety and Security for both Egypt and
Israel as many of you viewers know uh
Rafa right now has uh more than the
problem that Netanyahu doesn't seem to
understand is that uh it is better for
the security and the safety of both
Israel and Egypt to have an agreement
with States like uh uh um Egypt and
Jordan because otherwise he's just
opening the door for non-state actors
for militant groups to fill in the uh
fill in the void if Egypt is no longer
under any obligation uh and no treaty uh
uh you know uh B uh binds them to uh to
hold the security of the crossing then
it's basically you're opening the door
for you're opening the door for for
chaos uh netan seems to be in a bit to
save his skin over how this operation
has been uh uh ongoing and since he
announced really unrealistic objectives
since the beginning anything short of
that looks like a defeat for
him um or uh armed groups active uh at
the uh at the border with with with Gaza
the approach it is uh uh following right
now actually emboldens Iran it emboldens
militant militant groups and give little
ground for Arab states who are serious
and wants to have uh negotiations with
uh with with Israel uh the current
Announcement by Netanyahu actually
threatens one of the main uh treaties
that had had with an Arab state for
decades