good evening thank you for joining us
I'm Yun Jang we start with a tragic
Hospital explosion and suspected air
strike in Gaza City which has resulted
in the loss of hundreds of lives
Palestinians claim an Israeli bombing
while the Israeli military Flames
Islamic Jihad this is fueling more
unrest to the already fragile region
while a trip to Jordan by US President
Joe Biden has been called off who landed
in Israel today
Orin has the
latest at least 500 people have died
following an explosion at the Al Ali
alarabi Hospital in central Gaza on
Tuesday night the hospital was crowded
with victims of earlier Israeli air
strikes as well as thousands of
displaced people seeking shelter most of
the victims are known to be women
children and refugees the Palestinian
Health Ministry says many are still
under the rub
but it's unclear who's responsible for
the attack Palestine says it was an
Israeli air strike while Israel's
military attributes it to a failed
rocket launch by the Palestinian
islamist Jihad group protests have
erupted across the Middle East and North
Africa condemning the deadly
attack the Palestinian people did not
commit a crime they don't want anything
that is their home they don't want to
leave just now up thousand yeah
casualities all of them of civilians who
were displaced from the north and they
they have nowhere to go except to be in
the garden and the yard of the hospital
totally were
killed this all happened hours before US
President Joe Biden headed to Israel on
what's seen as a diplomatic mission to
help ease tensions in the region and
allow much needed humanitarian Aid to
enter Gaza Biden had planned to meet
with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu and and also visit Jordan for
a four-way Summit with King Abdullah II
president abdell fat LCC of Egypt and
Palestinian Authority president Mahmud
abas but Jordan canceled a summit
shortly after the hospital bombing
Jordan's for Minister Iman Safar said on
Al jazer Arabic Wednesday morning that
there is no benefit to anyone in holding
a summit at this time though his trip to
Jordan has been called off White House
National Security Council spokesperson
John Kirby says Biden intends to speak
with the Middle East leaders on his
flight back to Washington on Wednesday
night news very small