we have more news coming in this morning
US President Joe Biden has reiterated
support for Israel saying that address
the humanitarian crisis in
Gaza Anthony blinkin meanwhile has held
talks on Hamas in Qatar blinkin has sto
Arab leaders no more business as usual
with
[Music]
Hamas it's also priority for me to
urgently address the humanitarian crisis
in Gaza at my direction our teams are
working in the region including
communicating directly with the
governments of Israel Egypt Jordan and
other Arab Nations and the United
Nations to Serge support and
humanitarian consequences for Hamas
attack to help Israel no country can
tolerate having terrorist group come in
Slaughter its
people in the most unconscionable
ways and live like
that what Israel is doing is not
retaliation what Israel is doing is
defending the lives of its people and as
I said trying to make sure that this
cannot happen
again meanwhile as Israel prepares a
large scale ground invasion of Gaza
sufferings of gazans continues to
escalates hundreds of buildings in Gaza
are demolished due to constant air
strikes by the Israeli forces on Friday
Israel minister of communications
announced that the Israeli government
will stop all internet services in the
Gaza STP moreover Palestinians were seen
fleeing Northern Gaza after Israel's
military ordered hundreds and thousands
of civilians living in the Gaza City to
evacuate ahead of a feared Israel ground
offensive hundreds of Palestinians in
Gaza were moving south with their
belongings tied to their cars and loaded
in cards India today meanwhile continues
to report from war zone India Today
reached the AL Bui refugee camp with s
saw an unprecedented destruction by
Israeli air strikes on Thursday
night yesterday night in the dawn
Israeli Warrior planes have attacked
this refugee camp in the middle area uh
in in in in in continuation of their
intensive and sporadic attacks from the
air for the past seven days but this
particular refugee camp had a a very
major incident a very major strike eror
strike against the homes of the
population the amount of Destruction is
a pretty high a pretty great this is
absolutely this is absolutely
unprecedented and the Gaza strap