in Rafa Friday prayer doesn't take place
in the mosque it was destroyed long
ago on a day the world ruminated on the
politics of War its reality gets ever
darker this is footage from the Cal
adwan hospital in North Gaza and this is
a child called fi he suffered from
cystic fibrosis a condition worsened by
War malnutrition is common now we
receiving more than 50 cases a day US
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin was
in Israel on his latest round of shuttle
diplomacy this was an audience impromptu
with relatives of hostages thank you L
thank you working to bring them home
private pointed discussions came with
Israel prime minister planned military
action in Rafa was high on the agenda
and amongst us concerns we share the
goal of ensuring Israel's long-term
security uh as we've said though a major
military ground operation in Rafa is not
the way to do it strains on a
relationship sounded too in the thoughts
of the Israeli Prime
Minister we have no way to defeat Hamas
without going into Rafa and eliminating
the rest of the battalions there and I
told blink that I hope we will do it
with the support of the US but if we
have to we will do it alone at the
United Nations in a place where the
world speaks its mind America talked
immediate ceasefire at the security
Council we want to see an immediate and
sustained
ceasefire of course we can't just want
that to happen we have to make that
happen the American shift had the
support of the UK and 10 other countries
but the draft resolution was blown away
by a Russian and Chinese
veto ladies and gentlemen if you do this
you will cover yourselves in disgrace
consider once again how you will look
before the populations of the Middle
East and in front of your own
populations had this draft resolution
passed it would have been significant a
Collective call for a cessation in
hostilities but whilst it didn't
progress it does reflect the shift in
America's position closer to a ceasefire
and to the humanitarian cause but
further from Israel it compounds growing
fracture lines between the allies and
reshapes the framework for current talks
in Qatar on an actual ceasefire and
actual release of hostages the politics
of aisar didn't fly here they may yet
land there James Matthews Sky News at
the United Nations in New York