for six months they've been taking to
the streets their numbers slightly
diminished their passions not at all
there's a very specific demand that
we're ramping up today and that is a
demand for the UK government to end
armed sales uh to Israel and that is a
demand that has gone way up the
political conversation in the past
couple of weeks but it hasn't been
without its costs literally as police
put the bill at over3 million
and at a cost to community relations
with many Jewish londoners saying they
feel unsafe in their own City but then
there are those whose very presence
would appear to challenge the idea that
Jewish people are unwelcome like this
survivor of the Holocaust 15 members of
my family were uh died in
that H horse because they were in the
countryside
so it's a painful memory and I
particularly object to the current
Israeli government
using the Holocaust as a
pretex and the reasoning
behind inflicting something rather
similar on the Palestinian people palese
halfway along the March the protesters
and a much smaller group of counter
protesters clashed cry for every life
lost I side and on their side every
uninvolved civilian who got hurt I cry
for him I honestly do but to justify and
get confused why we reached where we are
today the 7 of October happened on the
6th of October there was a ceasefire who
broke the ceasefire who went into hos
who went into Villages and M their
children in their own
bed passions were a flame insults
exchanged
but little more than that from a
security point of view the police will
be pretty pleased that the two sides
both Pro Palestinian and pro Israeli
came within a whisker of each other
without any major incident being in the
middle though you see quite viscerally
that The Closer the two sides come
physically the further apart they really
are as we reach the halfe mark one thing
is clear so long as conflict continues
to engulf Gaza its effects will still be
felt here on the streets of Britain
Matthew Thompson Sky News