in the aln syia refugee camp
Palestinians struggle through the cold
the children who have born to Bruns of
this conflict are now facing the uphill
task of finding a hot meal now a scarse
luxury in one of the most densely
populated regions in the world
humanitarian groups including the UN are
pleading for a permanent ceasefire to
end these desperate scenes the people of
Gaza are in the midst of an epic
humanitarian cat cast rophe before the
eyes of the world we must not look
away intense negotiations are taking
place to prolong the truth which we
strongly welcome but we believe we need
a true humanitarian ceasefire much more
is required to begin to address human
needs in
Gaza water and electricity services must
be fully
restored Food Systems have collapsed and
anger is spreading particular
particularly in the north Aid continues
to trickle into Gaza but not in the
amounts that are needed long cues for
basic necessities have become a daily
routine these people have no guarantee
that their weight will be
fruitful the situation is very hard as
you can see we are waiting for our turn
but there is no flour I have no flour at
all in my house for the past 20 days I
have been trying to get a bag of flour
and I cannot get one up to 200 lores
have been crossing over from Egypt each
day but that's less than half the number
that used to make this journey before
the conflict
erupted more than 15,000 Palestinians
have been killed by Israel and many more
are injured the wounded have overwhelmed
all the hospitals in Gaza which are also
facing a desperate shortage of medical
supplies crude living conditions and a
crippled Health Care System have
heightened the risk of disease outbreaks
the health needs of the population of
Gaza have increased dramatically but
they're now being serviced by one-third
of the hospitals and primary care
clinics and with severe overcrowding the
risks are increasing for epidemics of
respiratory tract infections acute
watery diara hepatitis scabies lies and
other dis
the humanitarian post provided a moment
of Hope but hunger Despair and
destruction persist iru T world