at least 11 Palestinians have been
killed in two separate Israeli air
strikes in the occupied West Bank on
Wednesday Israeli troops have stormed a
refugee camp in rala and they continuing
a raid in the city of toam meanwhile
they've withdrawn from the town of bani
Naim where there's been fighting with
Palestinian youths Nita ibraim is
joining us from nablas in the occupied
West Bank just bring us the latest on
these raids
Nita well Rob we are standing here in
nais where five Palestinians have being
killed but only one funeral will be held
this uh noon just for the remains of one
Palestinian who has been hit by a strike
that the Israeli forces say targeted one
leader of armed men armed groups here in
the occupied West Bank but the tense and
ongoing raid now that is still ongoing
for more than 26 hours is in t Karim
which is to the north of the occupied
West Bank we we are still seeing the
Israeli forces raiding into Palestinian
homes sometimes exploding them other
times exploding the doors I mean and
sometimes going inside ransacking those
homes but also we've been seeing the
Israeli
bulldozers ruining the infrastructure of
the T refugee camp as well as the N
Shams refugee camps and already we've
been talking about the is ruining of
infrastructure in these camps that it
doesn't really uh there's not really
enough time for Palestinians to rebuild
those roads before the Israeli forces
comes back again and ruins those
infrastructures this is just part of
what's happening in the n and toim
refugee camps but also we've seen
Israeli raids across the occupied West
Bank and we've seen calls from schools
in to Karim to Halt education there are
six Palestinians who have been killed in
tarim but the funerals are not sure when
they're going to be uh taking place
because uh the ongoing because of the
ongoing R there Nita thank you very much
indeed Nita Ibrahim talking to us from
nablas