the Israel Defense Forces have
underscored their determination to
destroy Hamas in its entirety following
the militant group's deadly incursion
into Israel on October 7 they also
renewed calls for Palestinian civilians
to evacuate the northern part of Gaza
before strikes by Israel intensify the
idf's spokesperson Lieutenant Coronel
Peter Lerner was interviewed on ABC we
are seeing that people are actually
evacuating indeed would like to see the
humanitarian organizations uh assisting
in the evacuation of people if for the
welfare of people and not side with
Hamas telling them not to evacuate with
more than 1 million Palestinian
civilians potentially trying to move out
of Harm's Way the United States is
working with its Partners to ensure the
humanitarian needs of the displaced are
being met said White House National
Security advisor Jake Sullivan on ABC's
this week we are in touch with our
Israeli counterparts we're in touch with
the United Nations to help secure the
necessary supplies of food water and
Medicine uh to the citizens of Gaza
those Palestinians who have nothing to
do with the barbaric terrorists who
carried out this attack the exchange of
fire continued over the weekend at the
Israeli border with Lebanon where the
Iran back milaya Hezbollah operates
Republican lindsy Graham who plans to
visit the region in the coming days with
a bipartisan group of US senator
issued a strong warning against tan and
its allies intending to play a more
active role in the conflict if Hezbollah
which is a proxy of Iran launches a
massive attack on Israel I'll consider
that a threat to the um to to the state
of Israel existential in nature I will
introduce a resolution the United States
Senate to allow military action by the
United States in conjunction with Israel
to knock Iran out of the oil business
Iran if you escalate this war we're
coming for you meanwhile as part of a
regional tour aimed at diffusing
tensions US Secretary of State Anthony
Lincoln met Sunday with Egyptian
president abdal fatah aisi they both
agreed on the importance of ensuring
assistance to the Palestinian civilians
fleeing the war according to
spokesperson Matthew Miller blinkin is
expected to travel again to Israel on
Monday for further consultations
Veronica Valas vaa News
Washington