and you're saying that Russia right now
has to pay for the damage that it caused
in Ukraine so I'm just wondering would
you say the same that that that that
that Israel should pay for at least some
of the damage that it it it has caused
in Gaza even though it's fighting you
know for what you say is a completely
justifiable or what is a completely
justifiable so what I would say on that
matter is that one of the things that we
have heard as through the secretary's
diplomacy in the region is that there
are countries who are ready to step up
and help pay for the Reconstruction of
Gaza I don't mean Israel other countries
who are willing to step up and help with
the Reconstruction of Gaza and put real
money into the game as well as real you
know political CH political uh
credibility but that's that's another
matter on another track but just with
respect to reconstruction there are
other countries who are willing to rec
contribute or contribute to the No No
recontr is right because they already re
like three times right let me just fin
Israel is not one of those countries let
me just finish our discussions have been
about other countries who are willing to
contribute um to the rebuilding of Gaza
but they expect something from Israel in
return and that's that we've talked
about this path to to two
states so money I'm not I'm not going to
get into the hypothetical because we
think the policy that we ought to pursue
is this path that the secretary has laid
out that would lead to the rebuilding of
Gaza um and would avoid the question
that you are uh putting on the
table no I'm say I'm saying Avid the
question someone's got to pay for it no
no I'm saying it avoids the question of
Israel having to pay for it the the the
path that we think forward is is the one
that we put on the table so do you think
that path would would would would
relieve
Israel I I do not want to say any we are
we are fully well down the path that we
have not hardly even started walking at
this point same the same you could say
the same thing about Ukraine that that
war is not over yet would bring other it
bring other countries to the table Yeah
but okay but how about Israel do they do
they again I said we are not at that
point yet in the in these
conversations