we'll continue to put out more such
reactions from Israel in the meanwhile
we're also learning of pro Palestine
protest being carried out in Jantar
mandar in the national capital this is
the all India Students Association which
is staging a pro Palestine protest in
Jantar Manar and some of the visuals as
well of how detentions took place at
Jantar Manar uh these are members of the
all India Students Association who was
staging a protest in favor of Palestine
as far as the conflict between Palestine
and Israel is concerned between the
Hamas and Israel is concern these people
in India in Jantar Mander in the
national capital have come out in
support of the Palestinian cause and
we've seen such rallies and protests
being staged in several parts of the
country not just limited to India
anymore we've seen these kind of
protests Pro Palestine rallies being
held in parts of Australia and parts of
the United States also in the United
Kingdom so the world most certainly is
divided as far as the ongoing conflict
is concerned with many Who come out to
say and especially with regards to the
growing casualties in Gaza Strip on how
this is a result of the Decades long
operation Unleashed by Israel Asia gets
us more details on what happened in
Jantar Manar take a
look we're currently at jant man where
the ISA protest is begun we try and
speak we'll show you the visuals around
these particular uh supporters are are
lying on the road don't want to get up
and this is a scuffle that is breaking
out between the police and the and the
protesters this is a violent scuffle and
for two people have are being pushed and
shoved and as you can see this is
violence right on camera there is a lot
of police present here a lot of them
have already being detained and this is
another batch of protesters they're
carrying banners with State Long LIF
Palestine people's resistance this is a
pro Palestine protest and the police is
making sure that none of these workers
can move towards the main location of
jant man in fact I request my camera to
show you more of these visuals we try
and speak
today
[Applause]
we saw that they're protesting against
the government and also the support to
Israel will now try and speak to this
particular
person the police Personnel pres here is
also making sure
that
[Applause]
r