and ctv's Heather Wright is in Ukraine
with the latest on everything
surrounding this agreement between
Canada and Ukraine
Heather on this 2-year anniversary of
Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine
Canada has signed an agreement with
Ukraine pledging $ 3.02 billion in 2024
it's officially called the agreement on
security cooperation between Canada and
Ukraine and it outlines a number of
different ways that Canada is going to
support Ukraine
in this coming year some of it is
militarily other is financial providing
financial aid to help bolster the
Ukrainian economy as it continues to
fight this war against Russia we just
wrapped a press conference here where
prime minister Justin Trudeau was joined
by Ukrainian President Vladimir zalinski
as well as the president of the EU and
leaders from Belgium and Italy and a
question that was asked of the Ukrainian
president over and over is is this kind
of Aid that Canada has pledged today is
it getting to Ukraine fast enough now
zalinski was uh very polite in saying
that he's of course grateful for all the
assistance that Ukraine has received
from its International allies but did
concede that at times it is not coming
as quickly as it needs to be Aid may be
slowing down but the Russian Advance the
Russian war machine is not slowing down
and that is something that this country
desperately needs is quick aid aid that
doesn't come one year from now a great
example is the drones that Canada has
announced and donated to Ukraine that
was announced last year and those drones
are expected to be delivered in the next
few months so shrinking that timeline in
terms of these pledges and actually
getting assistance on the ground is
something that Ukraine desperately needs
as it enters its third year of fighting
this war against Russia Heather right
CTV News ke