[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
h
[Music]
for
[Music]
I
[Music]
we welcome Israel's announcement
yesterday that it will not block the
entry of water food and medicines into
Gaza from Egypt fuel is also needed for
Hospital generators
ambulances and desalination plants and
we urge Israel to add fuel to the
life-saving supplies allowed to enter
Gaza our tracks are loaded and ready to
go we're working with Egypt and
Palestine red chran societies to deliver
our supplies into Gaza as soon as the
Rafa Crossing is open hopefully
tomorrow
[Music]
[Music]
oh
[Music]
[Music]
m
for
for
[Music]
you describe this as Israel's Darkest
Hour well then it's for me to say I'm
proud to stand here with you in Israel's
Darkest Hour as your friend we will
stand with you in solidarity we will
stand with your people and we also want
you to
win
[Music]
we have seen the scenes over the past
day that have shocked all of us
particularly at the hospital and we
mourn the loss of every innocent life
civilians of every Faith every
nationality who have been killed and we
also recognize that the Palestinian
people are victims of Hamas too and that
is why I welcome your decision yesterday
that you took to ensure that Roots into
Gaza will be opened for humanitarian Aid
to enter I'm glad that you made that
decision we will support it we are
increasing our Aid to the region and we
will look to get more support to people
as quickly as we
[Music]
can in the last two weeks this country
has gone through something that no
country no people should have to endure
least of all Israel which has lived
through some of the most awful scenes
the Spectre of violence and terrorism
every day of its existence and I want to
share the Deep condolences of the
British people and stress that we
absolutely support Israel's right to
defend itself in line with international
law to go after Hamas to take back
hostages deter further in incursions and
to strengthen your security for the long
term
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
what