well Israel's defense minister has
accused Iranian revolutionary of using
commercial ships as basis for launching
missiles drones and Commandos at the
same time according to a report Iran
appears to be developing a new Atomic
facility near natan's our correspondent
Jodi Cohen has this report
speaking at the herzlair conference here
at reichmann University Gallant showed
images of what he said were six
repurposed Iranian ships which he called
floating Terror bases he suggested that
intelligence shows Iran is planning to
expand its activity from the Persian
Gulf and Arabian Sea to the Gulf of Aden
the Indian Ocean and later the Red Sea
and Mediterranean Sea
meanwhile according to AP analysis Iran
is thought to be building a new Atomic
facility deep underground near netans
Iran has said the new facility will
replace its above ground sites at
natantz which was struck by an explosion
and fire in 2020 which Iran blamed on
Israel
Israel's National Security adviser
sakihan negby says the new facility
would not be immune from attack with
military Chief hedsi halevi warning of
potential negative developments
we see possible negative developments on
the horizon that could prompt action we
have the abilities others have the
abilities
the news follows reports earlier this
year by the UN nuclear Watchdog that
Iran has allegedly produced uranium
close to weapons grave levels and has
enough enriched uranium to allow Iran to
produce several nuclear bombs the
National Security adviser suggested that
Israel hopes the solution won't involve
an attack to prevent Iran from getting a
nuclear weapon which Iran's a nice
seeking hanagbe also says that Israel
prefers to see the international
standoff with Iran resolved through
diplomatic means this is Jody Cohen for
weon world as one
[Music]
thank you