[Music]
[Applause]
for
I'm under
here
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
go
[Music]
oh
[Music]
[Music]
I'm
[Music]
you
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
sameee
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
here
[Music]
[Music]
for
what
[Music]
okay
[Music]
up
are you
H
oh
look
[Music]
see
[Applause]
the humanitarian situation is one which
of course we're concerned about and that
I've raised in all the calls and
interactions I've had with other leaders
from across the region uh and in
particular making sure that we can try
and get the raff of Crossing open that
will ease a humanitarian situation
that's why I prioritized speaking with
President CC of Egypt early on last week
uh to talk about that and we will
continue to do everything we can to
alleviate the humanitarian situation on
the ground including moving some of our
at Raw Navy assets into the region who
can provide further support as required
we're also deeply concerned by the D
higher and worsening humanitarian crisis
in
Gaza Canada is calling for unimpeded
humanitarian access and a humanitarian
Corridor so that essential Aid like food
Fuel and water can be delivered to
civilians in Gaza it is imperative that
this happens no supplies have come into
Gaza since the 7th of October nothing no
fuel no food no water no other types of
assistance no supplies have gotten into
Gaza since the 7th of October that I can
confirm not for anra and not for other
un agencies there continues to be no
water for the vast majority of the
population in Gaza we're talking about 2
million people in the Gaza Strip who do
not have water um and water is running
out and water is life and life is
running out of Gaza so um we have not uh
had any information or any updates