Israel preparing to launch a
controversial offensive in Rafa that's
despite mounting International pressure
to abandon the plan Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says though
it is the only way to defeat Hamas more
now from ABC's Matt Gutman in Jerusalem
Tonight Tonight Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu refusing to yield to
International pressure vowing to move
forward with an assault on the southern
Gaza City of Rafa despite growing
criticism from the US and other allies
we're going to do it while we enable the
civilian population in Rafa to leave as
we've done up to now but we have to
finish the job the IDF tells ABC News
the military operational plan includes
humanitarian Islands to provide food
shelter and medical care to the 1.5
million displaced Palestinians in Rafa
but today White House officials telling
ABC's Martha radit they haven't reviewed
any such plans we've not seen those
plans um and as we've said before Martha
we would not support such an operation
unless or until they can accommodate the
1.5 million refugees that are there Aid
is starting to come in by land sea and
air it's not nearly enough UNICEF says
that one in three children in Northern
Gaza is suffering acute
malnutrition we were recently at a
border crossing near Rafa these are some
of the dozens of trucks flowing from
Israel into Gaza every day and Israel is
now saying that the critical shortage in
humanitarian Aid on the gazen side is
not because these trucks are not being
allowed through it's because the UN is
unable to pick up the goods on the other
side they're actually just rotting right
there on the other side of the border
the UN telling us tonight active firing
zones have made deliveries more than
high risk Mary ceasefire and hostage
negotiations are set to resume as early
as tomorrow in Cutter but we've learned
of a new key Israeli demand that no
adult males be allowed to return to
Northern Gaza which has been mostly
cleared of Hamas Mary we know you will
be following this closely Matt thank
you hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching