India welcomes all efforts by the
International Community that strive
towards a deescalation of the conflict
and enables the delivery of urgent
humanitarian assistance to the people of
Palestine we are firmly opposed to
terrorism in all its forms and
manifestations clearly against violence
we are also firm Mr President in our
commitment to provide humanitarian Aid
to the people of Palestine and have
already delivered 70 tons of disaster
relief materials our humanitarian
support will continue India has always
advocated the resumption of direct
negotiations towards establishing a
sovereign independent and viable state
of Palestine living within secure and
recognized borders side by side at peace
with Israel India welcomes all efforts
by the International Community that
strive towards a deescalation of the
conflict and enables the delivery of
urgent humanitarian assistance to the
people people of Palestine the message
from our leaders has been clear and
consistent we are firmly opposed to
terrorism in all its forms and
manifestations clearly against violence
and are on the site of adherence to
International humanitarian law and
ensuring that further escalation is
prevented humanitarian Aid delivery
continues all hostages are released
unconditionally and all parties work
towards an early restoration of peace
and stability towards this we also
welcome efforts for humanitarian pauses
we are also firm Mr President in our
commitment to provide humanitarian Aid
to the people of Palestine and have
already delivered 70 tons of disaster
relief materials including 17 tons of
medicines and medical supplies in two
tches and our humanitarian support will
continue similarly India continues to
play an active role as a member of The
Advisory Commission of the United
Nations relief and works Agency for
Palestine refugees in the near East Mr
President let me conclude by underlining
India's consistent position of achieving
a just peaceful and Lasting solution to
the Israel Palestine issue India has
always advocated the resumption of
direct negotiations towards establishing
a sovereign independent and viable state
of Palestine living within secure and
recognize borders side by side at peace
with Israel