India Al balah more victims of Israel's
Onslaught are uncovered ambulances carry
the wounded to already overcrowded
hospitals as they await
treatment on one of gaza's main roads
Salah Al Israeli forces shell more
Palestinians who were searching for Aid
and more hungry Palestinians were killed
at the Q roundabout Hamas media says
they were waiting for a
trucks in carun v warning for those
killed by Israel's bombs as members of
the Barak family bury their loved ones
we are tired of this our sere just drop
a bomb on us and free us from this life
this is unfair no human being could
endure what's happening to us this is
not normal it's a disaster that concerns
the whole world and no one is taking any
action to find a solution how long are
we supposed to endure this we are worn
out and can't bear this life and immense
pressure any longer food is hard to come
by in Gaza with The Enclave on the brink
of famine some humanitarian Aid does
arrive as Egypt and the United Arab
Emirates conduct air drops close to the
Gaza Israeli
border and a trucks were seen entering
their Enclave through the Raffa border
crossing in Egypt as the UN Secretary
General Antonio gutes arise in the
region bringing the calls for a
ceasefire now more than ever it is time
for an immediate humanitarian ceas
fire a long line of blocked red relief
trucks on one side of the gates the long
shadow of starvation on the
other that is more than tragic it is a
moral
outrage any further Onslaught will make
things even worse worse for Palestinian
civilians worse for the hostages and
worse for all people people of the
region but any signs of a stop in the
fighting seems unlikely as these
Palestinians in the Rafa search through
the rubble of a house after an Israeli
air strike and it might be a sign of
things to come as Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu continues to press
for a ground offensive in the city
despite the growing International
outrage Daniel padwick trt world