Mr Loi alaji was arrested without
incident yesterday morning at 704 a.m.
at his residence in the city of Mo Park
he was booked into the pre-trial
Detention Facility on one count of
involuntary manslaughter an unlawful act
during the investigation thus far we
have interviewed over 60 Witnesses and
over overseen 600 pieces of evidence to
be reviewed and examined this includes
numerous electronic devices which
contain numerous hours of video
in total our agency has committed well
over 2,000 hours in this investigation
since November 5th although the
investigation is not
complete if anyone still has additional
information or video or has not been
interviewed yet please contact our
agency in the information that was
provided in your media packet we have
charged the defendant low I on the G
with two felony counts the first of
which involuntary manslaughter a
felony the second
count battery causing serious bodily
injury also a felony accompanying each
of these felony counts is a special
allegation that in the commission of
those crimes the defendant personally
inflicted great bodily injury upon Paul
Kessler the significance of the special
allegations is that they elevate these
offenses to strikes under California's
three strikes law which makes punishment
prison
eligible our task was to search for the
truth and to achieve Clarity in this
case and that is what we have done I
want to comment on what was not
filed we did not file murder because
there was no no intent on the
defendant's part to commit one we also
did not file a hate crime at this time
although that investigation is
ongoing simply put looking at the
statements as well as the words that
accompany the ACT we cannot at this time
Meet The Elements of a hate crime but
nevertheless we will continue to explore
and investigate that offense as well as
that special
allegation thanks for watching stay
updated about breaking news and top
stories on the NBC News app or follow us
on social media