of fuel trucks have entered Gaza as an
Egypt brokered truce between Israel and
Palatine militants in the Palestinian
Enclave appears to be holding it has
allowed the territory sole power plant
to restart after a two-day closure it
ran out of fuel following Israel's
closure of the goods Crossing Reports
say that rocks passed from Israel to
Southern Gaza hours after ceasefire deal
ended three days of deadly conflict
Israel and a group of Palestinian
militants declared a truce late on
Sunday raising hopes of an end to the
most serious flare-upon the Gaza
Frontier in more than a year both Israel
and the Palestinian Islamic Jihad group
also thanked Egypt for mediating the
truths at a news conference in Iran the
leader of the militant group Ziad
al-nahala said Israel had quote aimed to
break Islamic Jihad but we didn't break
adding that they had only become more
powerful
he also said the ceasefire deal involved
a commitment to secure the release of
another of the group's leaders basa
malsadi who was arrested last Monday
Israeli and Egyptian officials did not
immediately respond to requests for
comment
three-day clashes began on Friday when
Israel launched what it called
preemptive strikes against an
anticipated Islamic Jihad attack after
Israeli forces arrested al-sadi in the
occupied West Bank
in response Islamic Jihad fired hundreds
of rockets at Israel the clashes
continued through Sunday though largely
tapered off by the time the truce came
into effect shortly before midnight
local time Gaza officials said at least
44 Palestinians had been killed almost
half of them civilians and including
children
foreign
Rockets from Gaza sent Israeli residents
in cities including Tel Aviv and
Ashkelon running to shelters
[Applause]
Israel said its Iron Dome Interceptor
shot down Rockets just west of the city
the military said others had fallen
short causing several Gaza fatalities
but Hamas the governing islamist group
in the Gaza Strip said all the
Palestinian deaths were caused by the
Israeli strikes a more powerful force
than iranian-backed Islamic Jihad Hamas
stayed out of this conflict so far in a
statement U.S President Joe Biden
welcomed the truth and called for an
investigation into civilian casualties