there have been clashes between
Palestinians and Israeli forces in the
occupied West Bank during a raid on
taram Israeli forces surrounded the two
main hospitals in the city and besieged
the entrances of of the nearby n Shams
refugee camp well Nita Ibrahim joins us
live now from rala in the occupied West
Bank Nita these raids are now a nightly
occurrence aren't they just bring us up
to date with what's been happening
Nita well we know for now that the
Israeli forces have been in N sham
refugee camp and in tarim which is to
the north of the occupied West Bank for
almost 7 hours now conducting massive
detentions this is a practice that we've
been seeing a lot lately when the
Israeli forces go raid homes and then
take Palestinians out to uh investigate
and to interrogate them in conditions
that described by many as very difficult
now we know that there are armed
confrontations going on there inside the
camp and we know that the Israeli forces
usually raid the camp looking for B
basically we're talking about just a few
uh armed men that often uh confront with
the Israeli forces militarily when they
enter the area there last time they
raided the camp they could not get to
them even though they used drone strikes
today as well we've seen the use of
drone strikes according to locals there
we know that at least two Palestinians
have been injured and there there's been
also issues with uh obstruction of those
injured to be taken to Hospitals now the
numbers could be much uh more but we are
still waiting to see updates from people
there in the camp now also in alawa
refugee camp to the south of the
occupied West Bank the Israeli forces
have raided there and also basically
wrecked Havoc inside a house now this
house is uh reportedly belonging to a
Palestinian that Israel accuses of
committing a ramming attack against its
soldiers leaving injuries so these raids
are becoming some sort of a daily
occurrence affecting many people who are
just really sleeping in their homes
including children as well all right
Nita Ibrahim live for us there in rala
in the occupied West Bank Nita thank you