checking in on the Israeli war against
Hamas the UN humanitarian agency says
unimpeded access would have allowed for
the delivery of at least
386,000 L of fuel in January instead
Israel allowed access for field
deliveries in Northern Gaza only twice
in January with a single Hospital
receiving just
34,400 lers and the other facilities
remaining without fuel among the planned
convoys that were not facilitated uh
there were 13 consecutive access denials
for deliveries to water and uh waste
water pumping stations meanwhile uh
eight missions departing from gaza's
southern most uh government of Rafa in
January increasingly had their access
denied to areas north of w Gaza where
coordination with the Israeli Army is
required according to the United Nations
office for the coordination of
humanitarian Affairs the UN agency says
out of the 61 planned missions to the
north only 10 were facilitated by the
Israeli authorities two were partially
facilitated 34 were denied access and
six were resettled by eight
organizations due to internal
operational
constraints and US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin is in Israel seeking a
truce deal to bring the war in Gaza to a
halt Mr blinkin has held uh in Egypt and
Kat both mediating uh between Hamas and
Israel he will be meeting with prime
minister Benjamin nayu and president
Isaac hezar among others to discuss the
Palestinian group's response to the
proposed deal Hamas said previously that
any deal must bring about a definitive
end to the war Israel has said it will
not halt the war permanently until
hamers is
destroyed and speaking of a deal with
Hamas the militant group has laid out a
series of Demands including exchanging
hostages for Palestinian prisoners and
rebuilding Gaza in response to an Israel
backed C fire proposal the armed group
wants a full withdrawal of Israeli
forces and an end to the war after uh
three 45 day Tru periods while the offer
is likely to be unacceptable to Israel's
prime minister Mr n who has called for a
total victory in Gaza the question is
whether a middle ground can be reached
to move the process on hamas's response
is a counter offer to a ceasefire
proposal backed by Israel and the US and
mediated by katar in Egypt and details
of which have not been made public just
yet
a