the attack on the school only increases
the pressure to dial back the violence
to find a diplomatic solution but
there's not much hope meantime foreign
carriers are once again flying into
Israel's International Airport Paul
Johnson is following that for
us the US lifted its ban today on
American carriers flying in and out of
Tel aviv's benan airport a move that had
angered Israelis concerned about the
economic impact and that it made their
country look like a war zone we are
satisfied that uh additional steps are
being taken to ensure the security of uh
of air
travel after turning up the pressure on
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu
yesterday US Secretary of State John
Kerry returned to Cairo empty-handed and
spent today working the phones he'll
meet with un Secretary General Bon kimon
tonight but but with Israel poised to
further expand its ground operation and
Hamas refusing to stop firing the
rockets that have killed Israeli
citizens and using its tunnel Network to
transport militants there is a sense
that a comprehensive peace deal at this
point is out of the
question and that the best that can be
hoped for may be some kind of
humanitarian ceasefire followed by
negotiations I can tell you that we have
in the last 24 hours made some progress
in moving towards that goal and as this
conflict drags on there are growing
costs here in Washington Congress is
considering giving Israel more money to
keep that Iron Dome anti-missile system
going it's been effective at protecting
Israeli citizens but at more than $200
million that's serious money that would
have to come out of other programs Donna
all right Paul Johnson reporting from
Washington thanks