[Music]
it's israel's provocation followed by
palestinian rage
it's brought mayhem to occupied east
jerusalem
the international community is now
demanding a halt to brutality by the
israeli forces
[Applause]
turkish president erdogan is calling for
israeli forces to immediately withdraw
we want the heinous attacks on al-aqsa
and muslims in jerusalem to stop
immediately
there are nearly 300 wounded since it
began
we expect all pressure direct and
indirect to remove palestinians from
their homes to stop
otherwise we will do everything we can
to ensure the crew are sentenced to the
fate they deserve
iran has also voiced support for the
palestinians
we express solidarity with the oppressed
people of palestine
we imagine that the muslim world must
unanimously respond to the cruelty and
savagery of the kurds occupying regime
an emergency meeting of the organization
of islamic countries has been called as
saudi arabia kuwait pakistan qatar and
other muslim countries have demanded
israel immediately seize its crackdown
on the al-aqsa compound
jordan and egypt will have the closest
diplomatic relations with israel have
also issued statements saying israel's
moves undermine regional stability
while the uae which recently established
diplomatic relations with the jewish
state ahmed but fanfare has also
condemned its action
statements issued by the u.s and the eu
have asked all parties to practice
restraint
the pope has also called for calm
while the clashes are continuing a march
by israeli nationalists which was due to
pass through muslim areas of the whole
city was rerouted but has now been
called off
but the sentiment among enraged
palestinians is it's too little too late
this is an oppressive occupation they
want to displace the muslims of the holy
city this occupation wants to judaize
this city and hopefully as long as we
are filled with faith they will not
succeed
israeli prime minister benjamin
netanyahu is refusing to back down
and says israeli forces will not leave
the area until the protests have been
stopped
drt world
[Music]