the thousands of Israelis whose
relatives are this moment in the custody
of Hamas in fact marched for over a week
the relatives arrived in Jerusalem to
confront the government over their loved
ones plight this is the war has now
entered into its seventh week nearly
about 20,000 relatives and supporters of
the hostages marched from Tel Aviv to
Jerusalem they camped onai just outside
of Jerusalem before the fifth and the
final day of their walk towards the
Israeli Prime Minister netanyahu's house
the people have called on the Israeli
government to put in more effort that is
to secure the release of nearly about
240 people who are held by Hamas many of
the demonstrators blame the government
for being blindsided by the Hamas
assault they held up pictures of those
who are hostage the protesters wav the
Israeli flags and they chanted
slogans them home
[Music]
now bring them home now bring them home
now it's very very important all what
we're here for is the state to the
government that they have to treat they
have to talk to us or to the families
they have to talk to the families it's
impossible that there are 240 kidnapped
people and the government our government
isn't talking to them doesn't isn't
telling them what's going on what's on
the what's on the table what are the
offers what are the reasons for and
against nothing nobody's talking to them
the hostages taken by Hamas include
civilians soldiers children as young as
10 months old and several senior
citizens the bodies of at least about
two of them have been recovered from
Gaza by the Israeli forces Reports say
that a hostage deal between Israel and
Hamas is imminent when Hamas could
negotiate for the release of Palestinian
prisoners and also at least a 3-day
pause in fighting Israeli Prime Minister
is coming in a lot of criticism from a
lot of the relatives for simply not
doing enough to secure the release of
the hostages the Israeli military is
pushing deep into the Gaza Strip with an
order to destroy Hamas the popularity of
Israel's longest serving prime minister
is sinking due to netanyahu's
government's failure to from preventing
the 7th of October attack and also the
families of the hostages are growing
very restless and anxious with each
passing
day VOR is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move