[Music]
reolution at college campuses across the
country tents are going up in support of
Palestinians in
Gaza and in some places violence is
flaring here at a small University in
California the campus is temporarily
closed after this demonstration on
Tuesday turned into a clash between
police and students who occupied a
building all this started last week when
police made arrests and cleared out
tents at New York's Columbia University
the school said the situation had become
unsafe and the campus was essentially
closed President Biden calls the
demonstrations anti-semitic and
Republican Senators want Biden to clamp
down saying Jewish students don't feel
safe demonstrators here at the tents at
the University of California Berkeley
are pushing back on that uh conflating
anti-Semitism with anti-zionism is very
harmful because it erodes the very real
violence of anti-semitism it's important
to also note that the majority of our
people here today that are in the
encampment do identify as anti-zionist
Jewish students the goal of the students
is to get their universities to devest
from Israeli businesses at the tents at
the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology students say that school has
millions of dollars tied up directly in
the Israeli Ministry of Defense schools
are generally taking a tougher stance on
these protests than protests of the past
Berkeley says it won't change its
investment policies and won't allow
demonstrations to disrupt classes but
many students are now viewing the
demonstrations as just as much a matter
of free speech as an issue of Palestine
we're students this is our University
why are we not allowed to be here why
are we not allowed to express ourselves
New York's mayor is blaming the violence
that flared Monday night at New York
University on outside agitators coming
into the school to stir up trouble what
I believe is a is a number of people who
are really trying to use this to cause
violence in our city and we going to
we're going to seek them out and we're
going to identify them the Biden
administration's Secretary of Education
said on Tuesday that he backs Free
Speech but that he won't tolerate hate
or harassment on campuses Andy Rosen trt
World Washington
[Music]