we see the holistic strategy of West
jerusalm to forcibly displace the
Palestinians the logic here is simple
making life unbearable in Gaza even
impossible leaving civilians with an
impossible Choice leave their native
lands or be
[Music]
killed
[Music]
the 7th of October attacks of course are
reprehensible at the same time these
events cannot
legitimize Israel's indiscriminate use
of force in the Gaza Strip especially
because this form of carrying out
hostilities which is which is in fact
becoming a collective punishment of the
Palestinians is linked with many gross
violations of international
law moreover the October 7th events
should not be viewed in isolation from
the long bloody history of Palestinian
Israeli confrontation which has dragged
on for several decades and is linked
with oppression occupation and many
crimes against the Palestinian people
together with the constant
indiscriminate bombings and targeted
strikes on civilian objects intended to
seow fear and panic among civilians we
see the holistic strategy of West
Jerusalem to forcibly displace the
Palestinians the logic here is simple
making life unbearable in Gaza even
impossible leaving civilians with an
impossible Choice leave their native
lands or be killed the ongoing violent
expulsion of Palestinians from the West
Bank and from uh Gaza will inevitably
shake the entire Middle East and North
African region with dire consequences
for the whole
world
what the changes in India's population
and the differential growth rate
rationals about why it's not ending
what's your rationale we have a very
special guest on the record the
interview the role that the um us side
played at that point of
timee my phone is tapped I can probably
say hello to
Mr Pakistan has a unique negotiating the
rising confidence of India under prime
minister Narendra Modi communist China
is the greatest threat there will come a
day that we will see far more radical
extremist I'm uh I'm still a little
perplexed by why we
have your daily dose of news from India
and across the world Cutting Edge views
and
Analysis tune in to HD videos click on
the Bell icon to subscribe