building and see what really has
happened inside everything inside is
destroyed damage because once the rocket
exploded there was a ball of fire and
after that you can see everything has
been gutted here inside it has been
turned into ashes this is a kitchen no
one can say this looks like a kitchen
because everything was here you can see
this Fireball you can see what really
has happened to the toaster what has
happened to the other utensils all other
edible items look at the refrig Ator it
no more looks like an refrigerator see
how Hamas is targeting civilian areas
how they are trying to go ahead with
death and destruction in this region
look at the washing machine the washing
machine which has been kept on side it
is also completely charred this Lobby is
also burnt and you can only find that
black suit on wall and now look at this
air conditioner also air condition also
completely damaged this is from where
the rocket came inside it exploded
and right now also you can see the once
again the siren has started blowing
there's a lot of threat there's a lot of
danger because they are hitting these
areas there a lot of danger in this
region and you can see the siren sound
is here and everybody right now seems to
be rushing because they are there is a
shelter bomb shelter and see we are also
rushing while we were reporting on all
of a sudden
the only safe place where you can save
your lives and here in the bomb shelter
people are hiding here and we saw that
continuously they are pounding Rockets
the trigger happy Hamas terrorist they
are pounding rockets in this area they
are trying to Target sibl they are
trying to generate fear they are trying
to inflict maximum casualty this is the
place this is considered to be one of
the safest placees where are actually
these people can stay you can see many
of the elderly people along with their
pet they're coming out to this place
because whenever you hear sound of siren
that means danger that means death that
means destruction and every morning when
sun rises it doesn't bring any kind of a
good news it brings only bad news for
the people here in Israel and here
people continue to suffer
and four times
now reporter prep dat Jaa