it's been 2 days since the deadly
explosion at a hospital in Gaza City
hundreds of lives were lost but the
truth Still Remains obscured in a
Relentless blame
game this is the moment when the blast
took place at Ali Hospital the Hamas
control Palestinian authorities promptly
blamed Israel for what they called a
deliberate air strike Israel however
denied any involvement and the truth has
become the casualty in these conflicting
assertions the chaos of the war has
muddled responses both Israeli and
Palestinian authorities in fact are
pointing fingers at each other Israel's
military maintains that an errant rocket
fired by Gaza based militants caused the
explosion it is a claim that has
received the backing of its Western
allies
based on the information we've seen to
date it appears a result of an errant
rocket fired by a terrorist group in
Gaza the United States unequivocally
stands for the protection of civilian
life during conflict and I grieve I
truly grieve for the families who were
killed or wounded by this
tragedy
and on its part the IDF released a
recording of what it calls an
intercepted conversation between two
Hamas militants acknowledging the
hospital was hit by a projectile fired
by the Palestinian Islamic Jihad weon is
not able to independently verify this
recording but the P has denied any
involvement and blamed Israel for the
blast and by the time Israel made the
evidence public the perception of its
own responsibility in the attack had
already solidified
both in Gaza and throughout much of the
Arab
world the West Bank Lebanon Jordan
Turkey in West Asia are witnessing an
outpouring of public anger protesters
were seen taking to the streets shouting
anti-israel slogans while condemning us
support to
Israel
[Applause]
[Music]
sh the Palestinian authorities are
pointing to deleted social media posts
that raise suspicion of an Israeli hand
in the attack now these posts pertain to
evacuation orders issued by the Israeli
military to 22 hospitals treating over
2,000 patients in the Gaza Strip as part
of an intensified bombing
campaign meanwhile the outrage continues
to sweep the Arab world from uh the
protests uh the anger has been B
we are now available in your country
download the app now get all the updates
on the move