meantime we continue here tonight and we
turn to the deadliest day for Israeli
troops since the war with Hamas began 24
Israeli soldiers killed ABC's Matt
Gutman in Israel tonight Israel reeling
tonight after losing 21 soldiers in that
attack in the Gaza Strip according to
the IDF a unit of Reserve soldiers Was
preparing to demolish a pair of
two-story buildings in Gaza Monday in
the buffer zone Israel is carving out
near its border Hamas video showing the
moment its Fighters fired an anti tank
missile that would trigger a chain
reaction and then a massive explosion
Israel's chief of staff at the scene
today announcing an investigation has
begun with 24 soldiers killed yesterday
it was the deadliest day for Israel
since the War
Began it comes as Israel lay Siege to
gaza's second largest city bombs
exploding over the
skyline and bullets piercing the area's
largest hospital inside the hospital
this boy's sister killed he
screams don't tell me my sister is dead
I want to play with her the streets
filled with the Echoes of machine guns
families now fleeing some running hand
in hand bundles under their arms cars
piled high with bedding others moving on
Donkey
carts and with Hunger now soaring in
Gaza Qatari mediators are saying that
worsening humanitarian conditions in
Gaza are now complicating efforts to
negotiate a ceasefire and hostage
release David Matt gin live in Tel Aviv
again tonight Matt thank you hi everyone
George Stephanopoulos here thanks for
checking out the ABC News YouTube
channel if you'd like to get more videos
show highlights and watch live event
coverage click on the right over here to
subscribe to our Channel and don't
forget to download the ABC News app for
breaking news alerts thanks for
watching