a wave of military strikes from Iran has
added to a potential Tinder Box of
tensions in the Middle East which have
also been heightened by Israeli military
action after the October 7th attacks by
Hamas diplomats fear the escalation
risks pouring fuel on the Region's
simmering tensions dragging it into a
wider War recent flash points have
included a Christmas Day strike on a
Damascus neighborhood by Israel which
killed a high-ranking Iranian General
then on January the 2nd a senior Hamas
official was killed in Beirut by a
suspected Israeli
missile the following day a jihadist
terrorist attack killed 100 people at a
memorial to CM suani the Iranian General
assassinated by us strike four years ago
on January the 8th a senior commander of
the iran-backed Hezbollah militia was
killed in southern Lebanon in a
suspected Israeli strike
tensions then left further on January
the 12th when America and Britain
launched strikes on the iran-backed
houthi rebels to stop missile and drone
attacks on shipping in the Red
Sea Tran has since launched a wave of
attacks at Targets in the
region on January 15th Iran's
revolutionary guards said they' fired a
missile at an Israeli spy base in the
Kurdish capital bbil in Northern Iraq
the Revolutionary guards also said They
carried out a missile strikes on
terrorist bases in Syria in retaliation
for the bombing of CM suman's
Memorial that was followed by the
announcement tan had attacked the
territory of its eastern neighbor
Pakistan shortly after Pakistan launched
retaliatory strikes at Targets inside
Iran Pakistan's military used drones and
Rockets to hit separatist ballock
militants inside
Iran Pakistan's foreign Ministry said it
hit the targets in pursuit of Pakistan's
own security and National
interest and Islamabad fully respects
the sovereignty and territorial
Integrity of the Islamic Republic of
Iran