for the second day in a row armed
Israeli settlers descend on Al maray
burning homes and vehicles in this
Village in the occupied West Bank when
suddenly a shot rings
out a dozen men Rush a wounded man into
an
ambulance they are setting fire to
Vehicles just as they did yesterday and
also we have heard shots being fired one
Palestinian man was shot in the leg we
saw him being taken out by ambulance and
we're still hearing shots in the
distance these settlers are on a Revenge
campaign attacking Palestinians after
the missing 14-year-old Israeli binyamin
aimay was found dead near a neighboring
settler Outpost the Israeli military
says he was murdered calling it a
terrorist attack although they did not
provide any evidence
his mother pleading for her son's return
the day before his body was
found bamin went out this morning to let
the sheep graze on the farm where he
works and he has not yet returned she
says a mother's pain now being
weaponized by some Israeli settlers
triggering a new wave of violence in the
West Bank even before Israeli
authorities alleged bamin was murdered
hundred hundreds of Israeli settlers
stormed Al M on Friday shooting at
Palestinians who responded with rocks
sameh Abu alyah says his 26-year-old
cousin Jihad was killed Friday by those
settlers a Bullet to the Head cutting
his life short just two months before
his
wedding Jihad was a kind decent person
Sam says he liked to help people he
loved life he loved people his wedding
was in two months his only crime is that
he loved this land and that he was
getting married that's
all as jihad's family and friends
carried his body to the cemetery news
that akim's body has been found begins
to spread and the next wave of settler
attacks begins targeting not only
al-maher but other Palestinian towns in
the West Bank wounding nearly two dozen
Palestinians the Israeli military said
Israelis were also injured
Israeli authorities have not shared any
evidence linking Palestinians in al- to
Akim Mayer's death people here see it as
just a pretext for more violence this is
an excuse to destroy to attack people
you you can see I live between us now no
one have gun no one no one can causes
any danger for any Israeli settlement or
settler so why that why we can't live a
freedom instead a life filled with
uncertainty and the fear of the next
attack