that was Israeli Colonel claiming the
Israeli Army had implemented a notorious
military Doctrine known as the Hannibal
protocol in reportedly following the
protocol the Israeli Army is being
accused of killing Israelis and non-
Israelis alike during hamasa spres
attack on October
7th the Hannibal directive is one of the
most controversial orders in the history
of the Israeli Army it was drafted in
mid 1986 by senior Israeli Army
officials following the capture of three
Israeli Soldiers by lebanon's Hezbollah
members of the Brigade saw their
comrades being taken away and therefore
did not open fire the directive was
created in response to this incident to
ensure that a similar event did not
happen again standard Israeli Army
procedure forbids soldiers from firing
in the direction of their colleagues but
the Hannibal directive allows for this
order to be suspended the aim is to
prevent Israel troops from falling into
enemy hands in order to leave no scope
for negotiation or room for Israeli
soldiers to be used as bargaining chips
the Hannibal directive was shrouded in
secrecy by the Israeli Army until 2003
when a letter to haret by a military
reservist exposed the policy it sparked
Global criticism with experts raising
questions about the legality of the
procedure and its violations of
international laws the directive was
last invoked in 2014 when on August 1st
the Israeli Army killed 150 people in
one day during its war on palestine's
Gaza sparking accusations of war crimes
against Israel the policy was supposedly
suspended in
2016 Yasmin porat who survived the
kibuts berry attacks has also accused
the Israeli Army of invoking the
directive the claims were reiterated by
British author and journalist Jonathan
Cook the Hannibal direcor enacted at
kubiri was likely to have been applied
as policy towards Israeli civil Ians
captured by Hamas and held hostage in
their own homes inside Israel the debate
around whether Israel used the Hannibal
directive comes after accounts from
Witnesses indicated the Army's role in
the high death toll at kibot Berry and
reports emerged of Israeli military
helicopters using artillery against
civilians at the Nova Music Festival
these Revelations counter the Army's
claims that Hamas was responsible for
the deaths of approximately 12200
Israelis