it is therefore very concerning that the
King speech did not include a commitment
to securing a ceasefire of both sides in
Gaza and the release of all hostages
along with the condemnation of war
crimes and crimes against humanity this
is not an abstract point this is a live
issue the situation is urgent figures
from Gaza indicate that over 10,000
Palestinian civilians have now died over
10,000 in just 30 days almost half of
whom are
children according to save the children
the number of Palestinian children
killed in Gaza by last week's figures
already has surpassed the annual number
of children killed across the world's
conflict zones since
2019 Gaza in the words of the UN
Secretary General Antonio guz is
becoming a graveyard for children it is
beyond unacceptable that children are
paying the ultimate price am it's the
failure of political leaders in the US
in the UK and Europe to call for an
immediate ceasefire and oppose
violations of international law every
hour every day the number of deaths get
higher and higher and the reports and
images of the impact of the military
bombardment on refugee camps on
hospitals on schools are simply
horrifying nothing nothing can justify
these crimes against humanity that we
are witnessing in real time so can the
government confirm why they seem to
understand that killing thousands of
children in response to the horrific
killings and hostage taking that
included children on the 7th of October
is either moral or in keeping with
international law can the government
clarify why it supports the collective
punishment and killing of innocent
civilians as a legitimate response to
the killing of innocent civilians and
can the government confirm whether any
weapons traded from the UK has been used
to kill any children or civilians