[Applause]
US President Joe Biden stepped up his
criticism of Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu I think what he's
doing is a mistake I don't agree with
his oppos I think it's outrageous so I'm
what I'm calling for is
for the Israelis to just call for a
ceasefire allow for the next 68 weeks
Total Access to all food and Medicine
going into the country the Biden
Administration is at odds with Israel
Over netanyahu's promise of a fullscale
ground invasion of Rafa if he has a date
he hasn't shared it with us so I've seen
his public comments but I have nothing
more on that front I'm not going to
comment on hypotheticals but the United
States does not believe that a massive
ground invasion of Rafa where 1.3 or
more million people are Sheltering
having been pushed out of other parts of
Gaza that are now destroyed into the
area where humanitarian assistance comes
in this is not the best way forward but
net yahu insists the operation is going
forward this Victory requires entry into
Rafa it will happen there is a date
netanyahu's own defense minister though
contradicted him and reportedly told the
US the Rafa Invasion date is not set
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin says
he doubted Israel would invade Rafa
before scheduled talks in Washington
next week where the differences on Rafa
and the amount of Aid getting into Gaza
will be discussed with his Israeli
counterparts we're looking at a number
of critical things that need to happen
in the coming days including opening a
new Northern point of entry for
assistance into Gaza uh using ashdod on
a regular basis maximizing the flow of
assistance from Jordan Israel said more
than 460 trucks moved into Gaza Tuesday
but the UN says many of the trucks were
only half full because of Israeli
inspection rules the US says it will
also push Israel for more protection for
Aid workers in Gaza during talks in
Washington next week while US President
Biden also called for an immediate
ceasefire there was no announcement of
any changes in US policy it was just
last week Biden threatened changes if
Israel did not change its policy in Gaza
Craig Boswell trt World Washington