John what was the president's reaction
to the decision by Netanyahu not Des
send an isra Israeli delegation this
week I got to tell you Steve we're um
we're we're kind of perplexed by this
um a couple of points that need to be
stated and in fact restated number one
it's a non-binding resolution so there's
no impact at all on Israel and Israel's
ability to continue to go after
Hamas um number two as I said in my
opening statement it does not represent
a change at all in our policy it's very
consistent with everything that we've
been saying we want to get done here and
we get to decide what our policy is the
prime minister's office seems to be
indicating through public statements
that we somehow changed here we haven't
and we get to decide what uh what our
policy is what does this do to the
relationship between the president and
Prime Ministry I have no doubt that the
two leaders will uh have follow on
discussions as they have as appropriate
throughout uh this conflict of course we
still have Israel's back I mean as you
and I are speaking we are still
providing tools and capabilities weapon
systems so that Israel can defend itself
against which we we agree is still a
viable threat uh to Hamas again no
changeed by this non-binding resolution
what Israel can or cannot do in terms of
Defending itself the ones we veto didn't
condemn Hamas this one didn't condemn
Hamas which is why we couldn't support
it but we didn't veto it because in
general en unlike previous reg
resolutions this one did fairly capture
what has been our consistent policy
which is linking a hostage deal and the
release of those men and women with of
course u a temporary
Ceasar