the explosion shocked the southern
suburb of the Lebanese Capital which is
a stronghold of the militant hisbah
group it killed Sal a senior member of
the Palestinian group
Hames we announced to the Palestinian
people the death of the leader and the
major national figure the Martyr salel
aruri the deputy leader of the political
Bureau of Hamas alarri and other Hamas
leaders were killed by a coverly Israeli
Act the heinous crime proves the Israeli
aggression against our people in Gaza
the occupied West Bank and
everywhere Al aruri was born in the town
of arur in the occupied West Bank in
1966 he had a pachula degree in Islamic
Shar from heon University in the
occupied West Bank he was active in the
political struggle against Israel at an
early age leading Islamic student action
at hpon University in 1985 he joined
Hamas after Sheikh Ahmed Yasin founded
the movement in
1987 in the early 1990s the Israeli Army
administratively detained aluri because
of his political activities but he was
then released in 1992 the Israeli Army
rearrested Al arui and sentenced him to
15 years in prison on charges of forming
the first cells of alasam brigades in
the occupied West Bank alui was released
in 2007 but Israel rearrested him 3
months later detaining him for 3 years
until 2010 when the Israeli Supreme
Court decided to release him and Deport
him from Palestine he chose to move to
Syria and settled there for 3 years
before leaving to settle in Lebanon
following his release in 2010 alarri was
chosen as a member of the movement's
political Bureau in July 2021 Al aruri
was reelected as the deputy chief of
Hamas political Bureau the assassination
by Israel could Mark a major escalation
in the Middle East conflict as hisbah
leader Hassan nasah had already vowed to
retaliate against any Israeli targeting
of Palestinian officials in Lebanon
Ahmed shihabi trt word