is this just all part of a deal that's
been done with Hamas they released Tha
citizens and the hostages have to all
say they were treated well when we
negotiated with Hamas they didn't give
any requests or conditions for release
they just said that the Tha hostages
would be freed when there's a ceasefire
but Hamas did Kill at least 39 Thai
citizens 39 ties were killed that's for
sure but we don't know where or how it's
a war
it is indisputable that families were
murdered by Hamas on October the 7th why
did you feel so sure that they would
protect hostages definitely it is a war
there was killing on both sides but the
main point of Hamas going there was to
capture hostages and to use them for
deals to help the Palestinians just to
be clear you're not denying that Hamas
killed Israeli civilians are you
according to Hamas they only wanted to
kill Israeli soldiers not civilians are
you sympathetic with hamas's cuse and do
you think that's in part why you've been
able to negotiate the release of Thai
citizens I sympathize with the
Palestinian people after more and more
Wars the land was taken and eventually
Palestinians were refugees and made
second class citizens you don't have to
be a Muslim to have sympathy for
Palestinians do you think that Hamas was
justified in taking hostages from Israel
yes because there are more than 6,000
Palestinians captured in the past and
their families can't visit them no one
heard their cries the world didn't hear
their cries that's why Hamas had to do
this to get the world's attention
focused on Israel's treatment of the
Palestinians they want to negotiate more
and Achieve change to get help for the
people of Gaza