[Music]
nazmi was born in this house in jaffa so
was his father
but he's anxious his family will be
kicked out of their tel aviv home when
an israeli firm puts his house up for
auction
it's just one of 1 200 which the
government has declared an absentee
property and under the control of the
state
it's like walking without anything to
hold on to you can fall down at any time
maybe today you're sleeping in your
house and maybe tomorrow you'll be in
court and the court will tell you to
leave the house one day i might pass by
this street and find out that all these
houses belong to someone else
after the 1948 war many palestinians
fled or were expelled from jaffa by
jewish forces
some remained in their homes others
moved into the evacuated properties
the government rents some of the houses
to palestinians
now the states wants to sell many of
those properties once left empty
but many palestinians say homes they
have always lived in are been taken away
from them
this graffiti written in both arabic in
hebrew says one simple thing jaffa is
not for sale and its location near the
local office of the amidah public
housing authority is no accident amidal
manages absentee properties for the
state and the people of jaffa are
sending a clear message
palestinians have watched a historic
city undergo extensive gentrification in
recent decades with government
encouragement
it's become a bastion for israel's ultra
wealthy and most palestinians can't
afford the skyrocketing cost of living
or house prices
so when a property is up for sale the
only buyers who can usually afford it
are jewish
activists say it's a conservative
strategy by the government to replace
the arab population with a jewish one
this issue didn't start today ten years
ago jews started directing their eyes to
historical sites like jaffa and began to
buy houses
and converting places into religious
schools
all for the sake of an ideological goal
which is judaization and they are not
ashamed of them
jaffa has recently become a sign of
weekly protests
on one side some israeli settlers are
calling for the expulsion of
palestinians
on other palestinians are desperate to
hold on to what they have left mustafa
was
jaffa israel
[Music]
you