now to more on that surprise meeting
between Secretary of State blinkin and
Palestinian Authority president abas
with so much at stake and fears of a
wider conflict growing ABC's senior
White House correspondent Selena Wang
joins us from the North Lawn with what
we're learning this morning Selena good
morning good morning Whit in a high
security surprise visit Secretary of
State Anthony blinkin met with the
president of the Palestinian Authority
in the occupied West Bank the US
reaffirmed its commitment to deliver
more Aid to Gaza and said that the
extremist violence against Palestinians
in the West Bank must stop violence
there has gotten much worse since
October 7th since then the United
Nations says that the Israeli military
and armed settlers have killed more than
130 Palestinians in the West Bank and
this trip comes amid discussions about
the future of Gaza blinkin has said that
an effective and revitalized Palestinian
Authority would make sense to eventually
govern Gaza but this would be extremely
difficult the Palestinian Authority has
long been seen as both weak and Out of
Touch by many Palestinian
and the Secretary of State's visit to
the West Bank also comes right after he
met with Arab leaders in Jordan the
Egyptian Ford Minister calling for an
immediate ceasefire while Jordan's
foreign minister told Mr blinkin quote
stop this madness but the us arguing
that an immediate ceasefire would
benefit
Hamas hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching