this morning Israel is taking steps to
increase the flow of humanitarian Aid
into Gaza now allowing shipments through
a busy port and reopening a border
crossing it comes hours after a tense
phone call between President Biden and
Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu in
which Biden warned us policy on the war
could change if Israel does not allow
more Aid into Gaza and protect civilians
a demand that signals a major shift from
the White House ABC's Mary Bruce asked
the White House what might happen if
Israel fails to meet Biden's Dems and
how much time are you giving them to
make these changes to implement these
concrete again we we would hope to see
some announcements of changes here in
coming hours and days and I'll leave it
at that Biden also called for an
immediate ceasefire as part of a deal to
release hostages CIA director Bill Burns
is expected to travel to Egypt this
weekend for more hostage
negotiations Sunday marks 6 months since
Hamas attacked Israel igniting the war
the White House has provided Israel with
crucial military aid but Israel has come
under Fierce criticism since the air
strike Monday that killed seven Aid
workers for the world Central Kitchen
including American Jacob Flickinger his
partner says Flickinger was a man of
honor and service he was a part of me
and he's such a a loving father to his
son and I don't know how I will explain
that to him that he is now gone so this
is a lot to process the is Israeli
military has reportedly now suspended
two commanders in connection with that
air strike meanwhile today Israeli
forces are on high alert after Iran
vowed to retaliate for an air strike
this week that killed two Iranian
generals people across Israel now
reporting the GPS on their phone being
disrupted reportedly just one defensive
measure by Israel to guard against
potential Iranian strikes Israel's
military has also paused all leave for
soldiers in combat units and reservists
have been called up to to boost air
defense hi everyone George
Stephanopoulos here thanks for checking
out the ABC News YouTube channel if
you'd like to get more videos show
highlights and watch live event coverage
click on the right over here to
subscribe to our Channel and don't
forget to download the ABC News app for
breaking news alerts thanks for
watching