Israeli soldiers have raided several
cities across the occupied West Bank at
least three people have been killed one
of them a teenager and eight others
injured in Janine bulldozers destroyed
roads and Facilities during the raid
several other people were wounded in
operations near Naas the Israeli Army
has killed more than 450 Palestinians in
the occupied West Bank since October the
7th na Ibrahim is in rala nid tell us
more about this raid tell us more about
the uh teenager it's two people now
who've been killed and
Janine yes the two of them were 19y olds
who were killed in two separate incident
incidents let me tell you what happened
first of all there has been a raid to an
area near the Janine refugee camp that
has led to the killing of the
19-year-old that took place before
midnight and that has resulted in the
killing of a 19yearold so the Israeli
forces have left but in the early hours
of the morning they
this time not with a ground raid but
with a drone that has struck and killed
two Palestinians in the Janine refugee
camp one of them is a 27-year-old uh he
is reportedly working with the PA in the
Customs uh police and another 19yearold
it's not clear if that drone has
targeted the two men specifically or it
has been targeting the area they were in
but this has happened just like a few
hours ago three hours ago when
Palestinians are getting getting ready
to start their day to move around and
that strike has happened resulting in
the injury of nine other Palestinians
who were in the vicinity now when we're
talking about those air strikes we've
been seeing Israel intensifying that use
of those drones that just go in shoot
and and strike Palestinians and leave
without any ground troops although the
Israeli forces have raided the areas
close to the jilen refugee camp just
before midnight now we're talking about
raids that not are not only centered in
Janine but also in other areas as you
mentioned they in the occupied West Bank
and we're seeing a lot of arrests but
also a lot of Palestinians who have been
injured as a result of those raids okay
nid Ibrahim reporting from romala thank
you very much Nida