over an 18-hour period Ukraine has been
hit with more than 120 missiles and
dozens of drones it's been called the
biggest air Blitz by Russia since the
start of the war now two years ago CTV
Jeremy shiron tonight with a look at the
cross country
casualties an unprecedented barrage
blasting cities across Ukraine in an
overnight attack dozens have been killed
more than a hundred others injured some
rescued from under the
rubble there was an explosion then
Flames I fled into the subway station
this woman says more than 120 missiles
were launched Ukrainian Air Force
officials say Russian strikes have never
hit so many locations at the same time
absolutely these were targeted I mean
the biggest attack ever uh which was
designed to send a message to zalinski
and the and the Ukrainian people that
Russia is still there he's trying to
terrorize the people to put pressure on
the zolinski regime
schools apartment blocks and hospitals
have been damaged this is a hospital in
nepro staff and patients sought shelter
in the
basement this is where the maternity
rooms were this side of the building was
on fire says this nurse in Odessa three
people were killed in a strike that hit
apartment buildings and in zapara this
is the aftermath six were killed here
people are picking up the pieces and
searching through the rubble y
a woman died here says this resident who
was in his home next door when a strike
hit Ukraine's Air Force intercepted many
missiles and drones but Falling debris
caused major damage across the country
too the attack comes just days after
Ukraine struck a Russian ship in Crimea
causing severe damage now today
Ukrainian President Vladimir zalinski
said Russia used nearly every type of
weapon in its Arsenal in these attacks
he vowed Ukraine Army will respond Mela
all right Jeremy thanks for the update