[Music]
Zar suana recording the time and the
location on a constituency visit this is
one of the many security precautions
this labor MP has to take before every
single event do us
all this year she's found out that she's
received the most threats and serious
abuse of any MP online 68% more than the
next most targeted MP she says a notable
uptick since speaking up about the
rights of the Palestinian people what
you get online I I'll start off with
someone who said you need to be deported
you send that to Palestine they are low
on targets I'm just going to speak
briefly MP's duties have become more
risky for members under threat in the
back of minds are the two MPS killed in
their constituencies house conventions
have also been upended by safety
concerns parliamentary authorities know
safety is fundamental to democracy and
offer a number of security measures for
members
door knocking can be one of the most
exposing moments for an MP let try our
for Zara she says the majority of her
abuse 54% has been categorized as
islamophobic I think the Prime Minister
has used his platform to whip up fear
hate and
islamophobia and that is incredibly
dangerous the Prime Minister disputes
this saying he has called out islamists
and the farri but expressed concern
concern about protests like this one
Zara says it's vital she attends these
demonstrations to represent her
constituents and Community the more
you're in the public sphere it feels
like the more you're being attacked it
weighs heavily um it's difficult but I
remind myself why I why I got involved
in politics in the first place and I'm
reminded about all of these values that
I have that I share with millions of
other people across the
country Zara says she will now increase
her security measures for some MPS
though the risks are still too high and
said they have had no choice but to step
down before the next general election
Serena boing Sky
News