as if reports of us mulling sanctions on
IDF units were not enough trouble for
Israel to deal with local media agencies
have revealed the fresh tensions have
erupted during a recent War cabinet
session this after the PM Netanyahu
accused the security minister yoav
Gallant of security leaks that's right
according to Israeli broadcaster KH
Netanyahu reportedly hinted at this
issue by saying and I quote every time I
sit in small we meetings with the
defense minister the head of the Mossad
and the head of the shim everything is
leaked I know that it's not the head of
the mosad and not the head of the shim
so who could it
be well Gallant was reportedly not
present during that particular meeting
but several ministers and leaders of the
security establishment were in
attendance the Israeli security and
Military leadership have previously
voiced concerns about discussing cabinet
related matters out of fear of leaks
this is not the first Fallout between
Netanyahu and Gallant earlier this month
Netanyahu claimed that a date for the
Rafer aggression had been set but the
security minister yav Gallant later
debunk these statements during a visit
to Washington but this is not the only
internal battle Brewing within the
Israeli fold cabinet ministers Benny
Gant and itamar Ben gavier are also at
loggerheads the duo are accusing each
other of damaging Israeli security the
accusations come in the wake of a report
that the United States is planning on
sanctioning the idf's ultra Orthodox NSA
Yehuda Battalion now speaking with
reporters in the knesset on Sunday
afternoon gance a former IDF chief of
staff and a member of prime minister
Benjamin netanyahu's War cabinet
declared without explicitly naming benir
that ministers who damage National
Security should not sit in the cabinet
meanwhile national security minister Ben
gav in turn insisted that it was gance
not him who was Haring National Security
meanwhile the US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin has spoken to gallant
and gats respectively during both
conversations blinkin spoke about the
urgent need for a quote immediate
ceasefire ensuring the release of
hostages and enhancing humanitarian aid
for Palestinian civilians
[Music]