the president-elect turned to his
son-in-law at a gala dinner the night
before he was sworn in if you can't
produce peace in the Middle East Donald
Trump told Jared Kushner nobody can the
notion of Kushner as Middle East peace
maker was greeted with ridicule but his
lack of experience was part of a
strategy the experts had failed the
entire system of creation of these kinds
of plans and concepts the analysts who
went into this the diplomacy surrounding
it the commentary all of this it was
wrong and misguided and needs to be
rethought
we're charting a new course we don't
really have a great idea of what that
course is all we know that is that it's
not that wittingly or unwittingly the
decades-old peace process has failed to
achieve anything other than the
entrenchment of Israel's illegal
occupation but judging from leaks from
the Trump administration the
Palestinians are now seen merely as a
blockage on a new course a course based
on arab-israeli unity against Iran the
unveiling of what's become known as the
deal of the century is reported to be on
hold but here's what's emerged the
Palestinians would initially control
Gaza and less than half of the West Bank
a Palestinian capital would be created
from villages surrounding Jerusalem the
Israelis would retain security control
over the Jordan Valley and have total
control over Palestinian travel between
the West Bank and Gaza the corridor
would be created between Palestinian
territory and Jerusalem's holy sites
it appears that Palestinians would
surrender the principle of the right of
return of those expelled at the creation
of Israel the future of illegal Israeli
settlements and the final border between
Palestine and Israel are to be decided
at a later date unsurprisingly the
Palestinians aren't impressed this is
not the deal of this century
it's this lab of the century Palestinian
President Mahmoud Abbas is reported not
even to have looked at a document
outlining the deal delivered to him by
the Saudis Abbas is sticking to the
formula of land for peace based on
international law a state with 1967
borders and East Jerusalem as the
Palestine
capital but the Trump administration has
signaled that its goal of entirely
recalibrating the Middle East doesn't
depend on the active participation of
the Palestinians Schreiber tansy al
Jazeera Washington