it's a complete stalemate Anna the aid
that was going in by stopped going in
after three air strikes hit the border
gate area in in in a 24-hour window on
Monday and Tuesday and since then there
hasn't been any movement there is though
an a sense that they are trying to get
Aid through and Aid has been collected
by the Egyptian authorities from
countries all over the world the UAE uh
turkey Jordan have all sent Medical
supplies that are in the airport in the
Sinai region but still haven't gotten
through RAF we heard earlier that
reports were circulating that Egypt is
uh refusing to allow for the passage of
American citizens through RAF until a
humanitarian Corridor is established and
Israel makes a vow to not strike the
border gate until then there will be no
movement of people out or Aid going in
and people have been massing at the
border hundreds of people at ra
Nationals hoping to get out but of
course compared to the number of people
trapped in Gaza with no viable option
whatsoever including that gate that
number is very little at least 2.2
million people trapped in Gaza facing
aerial bombardment for the last week
from Israel many of them Sheltering in
hospitals people trapped people even
when they are evacuating as we saw in
Diana's report convoys being hit on the
road to the South the situation is
desperate people are waiting to see if
there will be a deal between Egypt
Israel and the US that will allow for
foreign Nationals to to evacuate but at
the same time here in Cairo there's
conflicting messages the the Turkish
delegation here the Minister of Foreign
Affairs from Turkey said that
Palestinians should not leave their land
and that they uh believe that Palestine
should be established as an independent
state and that has been the line from
the Egyptian presidency but again that
line does conflict with what is actually
safe for people to be doing and many of
them do at this moment need to get out
as soon as possible through the only
border crossing that isn't controlled by
Israel and that is RA