[Music]
these Muslim worshippers are praying
outside the one of the holiest sites in
Islam al-aqsa mosque it's in protests of
the metal detectors installed at the
mosques entrances for them it represents
greater Israeli control over their lives
but Israeli officials say extra security
is needed after two policemen were
killed near the site a week ago
we are managing this level-headed Lee
determinedly and responsibly and we will
continue to do so in order to maintain
security
on Saturday after the evening prayers
the anger erupted again
on the ground Israel is trying to impose
its authority over a religious place
which is an Islamic place Alex a mosque
also known as the Temple Mount and the
Dome of the rock is holy to Christians
Jews and Muslims and in recent decades
the Palestine Israeli conflict has
raised stakes higher
but not all Israelis agree with the
government's decision to install metal
detectors magno meters should be removed
why should be removed because it's an
attempt
[Music]
Jerusalem East and al-aqsa are armed our
occupation even
others who support the decisions say
they can understand why it's such a
contentious issue all of these kind of
gates all over the world you can see
them even in Mecca you can see them
wherever you want I mean these kind of
measures are reasonable as far as I see
it but it's it's it's bigger than this
it's a matter of
who's controlling in Oxon
at least three Palestinians have been
killed in scaffolds with Israeli
security forces since Friday three
Israelis from one family were also
stabbed to death in the occupied West
Bank
there are fears that if the al-aqsa
security dispute is not resolved quickly
the region could see more violence in
the upcoming days the facility TRT world
[Music]