in breach of international law and at
risk of complicity in possible
genocide that's according to the warning
directed at the Prime Minister should
the UK continue to Grant export licenses
to Arms to Israel signed by three former
Supreme Court Justices among 600
signatories of the legal caution the
letter says while we welcome the
increasingly robust cause by your
government for a cessation of fighting
and the UN instructed entry to Gaza of
humanitarian assistance the sales of
weapons and weapon systems to Israel and
to maintain threats of suspending UK Aid
to unra fall significantly short of your
government's obligations under
international law the Prime Minister
says the UK has a careful export license
regime I spoke to prime minister
Netanyahu last night and was very clear
with him that the situation is
increasingly intolerable and what we
urgently need to see is a thorough
transparent investigation into what has
happened uh but also a dramatic increase
in the amount of Aid getting into Gaza
removing the barriers but the 17-page
open letter piles further pressure on
Rishi sunak after the deaths of three
British Aid workers John Chapman James
Henderson and James Kirby they were
among seven volunteers killed in an
Israeli air strike on Monday night an
act which Drew International
condemnation and Devastation of family
members just hope this is a turning
point in in the world now and and what's
happening in Gaza I don't want to make a
political thing of it but we just hope
that world leaders can get together and
and help these
people the Prime Minister now demanding
an independent investigation into
Israel's actions on Monday but this
letter from some of the country's top
legal Minds will only serve to ratchet
up the pressure already mounting on the
prime minister
Mari Aurora Sky News