news coming in right now India votes for
UN resolution slamming Israel India's
vote against Israeli occupation un
motion slams Israel's occupation in
Palestine 145 Nations vote in favor of
UN resolution US Canada among Seven
Nations voting against the
motion so in the latest development
India has voted in support of a un res
resolution slamming Israel India's vote
is against Israeli occupation un motion
slams The Israel occupation in
Palestine 145 Nations voted in favor of
UN resolution US and Canada among Seven
Nations that have voted against the
motion so a very nuanced diplomatic
approach that India has been adopting
remember at an earlier resolution and
voting which slap Amed Israel for its
Onslaught on Gaza India had chosen to
abstain because it didn't mentioned the
October 7 attack by Hamas on Israeli
territory and now India has taken a
position where it has slammed Israel for
its occupation of Palestine it has voted
alongside 145 other
nations
no end to Israel Hamas War Israel's
military operation in the Gaza Strip
intensifies in the latest a production
crew member of the popular Israeli
television series F has also died
meanwhile Gaza citizens are crying for
help as the crisis has worsened doctors
are treating patients under torch light
Palestinian Health minister is now
asking asking the world to intervene
this detailed
report Bloodshed continues in Israel and
Gaza
Strip Israel has been relentlessly
launching air strikes on the Palestinian
Enclave sadly the misery of War has
engulfed civilians in
Gaza Israeli bombing at the alifa
hospital has really worsened the crisis
explosions rang out when women and
children trudged down the road in order
to flee Northern Gaza as the war only
deepens meanwhile The Joint Arab Islamic
Summit hosted by Saudi Arabia called for
immediate cessation of military
operations in Gaza
Strip The World Is Still divided over
the deadly Israel Hamas War Pro
Palestinian and pro-israel protests have
erupted across the globe never
die in un India votes in favor of a
resolution that condemns Israeli
settlement activities in the occupied
Palestine Israel is meanwhile fighting a
multif front War facing hez buah along
the Lebanon border crossb attacks
continue unabated while it's the
innocent civilians ultimately who
continue to pay the price Bor report
India today