and so today it is a day of solidarity
and a day of Hope solidarity because
we're here solidarity that people in
Paris in Cape Town in the United States
in Australia all around the world are
demonstrating their love and support for
the Palestinian
people and so we stand for square with
them today and
there are many who say that nobody
should be here today because they'll be
condoning Terrible Things none of us are
here to condone killing none of us are
here to condone occupation none of us
are here to allow this assault on the
people of Gaza and the people of the
West Bank to go on and I conclude with
one last
thought over 70 years ago the neck barar
took place over 70 years ago hundreds of
thousands 700,000 people were removed
from their homes many made their homes
in Gaza and are now three seven decades
later being told to move on to somewhere
else but there are also hundreds of
thousands of people in refugee camps in
Lebanon in Jordan in so many other
countries all over the Middle East
people whose grandparents and great
grandparents were forced out of their
homes have a life in refugee camps
refugee camps are HED to Millions around
the world they're a place of desperation
because it's the only place you can go
but they're also a place of
determination and hope for the future so
today as we wave the Palestinian flag
let's hear it for the people of the West
Bank for the people of Gaza for the
people of the refugee camps and
say very bluntly to our political
leaders in this country do not condone
war crimes do not condone the starvation
and the denial of medicine to desperate
people in Gaza or anywhere else if you
believe in international law you believe
in human rights then you must condemn
what is happening now in Gaza by the
Israeli Army