well three Israeli soldiers were killed
in an attack at the Egyptian border over
the weekend an Egyptian God who killed
the Israeli soldiers was also shot down
in the incident now prime minister
Netanyahu has termed the incident as an
attack Cairo says it is working with Tel
Aviv to investigate this matter the
assailant and Egyptian God was spotted
by a drone 1.5 kilometers inside Israel
territory during a shootout the shootout
the Egyptian and the third Israeli
soldier was killed as per Egyptian
authorities the God was chasing
Smugglers across the border they are
probing whether he belongs to any
political group one of the killed
Israeli soldiers a 19 year old woman was
laid to rest on Sunday hundreds of
grieving Israelis joined
liabenun's family as they moved her
killing
as well
[Music]
he further said that the measures would
be taken to ensure such an incident
doesn't happen again
foreign
the incident at the border with Egypt is
severe and unusual and it will be
investigated Israel sent a clear message
to the Egyptian government we expect the
joint investigation will be complete and
thorough this is part of the joint and
important security coordination between
us taking place for the benefit of both
countries over the years
we will draw all needed conclusions
regarding our activities along the
border in the South with Egypt
well and for more on this our
correspondent Jodi Cohen sent us this
report listening
there have been differing messages over
the weekend with the Egyptian Army
spokesperson relating the killing of the
Israeli border soldiers and Egyptian
gods to a smuggling incident and with
Israel's prime minister Netanyahu
labeling it a terror attack and calling
for a full joint investigation between
Israel and Egypt to find out exactly
what happened there are frequent reports
of drug smuggling across the border
although shooting incidents like these
are rare following the peace agreement
signed between the two countries in 1979
with a shared border of more than 200
kilometers their close security
cooperation is expected to continue and
the two countries appear to be
cooperating on probing this incident
this is Jody Cohen for we on world as
one
foreign
foreign