on the humanitarian issue Israel says
that they have a number of Crossings
open whether from Israel itself or from
Egypt and that actually they put the
onus on you and the humanitarian
Community they say if you can't get it
there fast enough that's not on them yes
I've heard this and and I I don't find
it a fair judgment it is true there
there are two uh entry points uh into
into Gaza one through the Rafa crossing
the other through keson which the
Israeli government has been good enough
to to open up to traffic and there are
good plans to increase traffic through
keson but here's the
point you could maybe get trucks in but
if you cannot rely on
deconfliction of access routs to people
in need if you cannot rely on hospitals
not being attacked at least nearby if if
you cannot rely on people having to move
from one place of insecurity to another
place of
insecurity those are the issues that
make humanitarian Aid delivery it's not
a matter of the number of trucks that
can get in it's the access inside Gaza
that uh that are include the elements of
constraint and that's where we have
consistently and my Secretary General
has consistently said it's already it's
fine and well to count the TR s going in
but the the story only starts with that
it doesn't end there well just to be
clear before October 7th 500 trucks a
day were going in now a maximum of 127
and US senator Chris Van Holland told me
that he actually puts it on the Israeli
authorities to get the flow moving
because as you talk about deconfliction
he said even the the checking mechanism
checking the trucks is so uh difficult
and you know they're constantly having
to be sent back
well there's also quite an extensive use
of the Dual use category by those who
are checking the trucks and we've had
quite a lot of medical uh and health
equipment uh construed as dual use and
therefore the truck is sent back and not
allowed in and and and and and finally
on this and referring to your 500 trucks
a day what we all remember clearly is
that 80% of gazen uh
sustenance prior to October 7th was
private sector and we have argued
throughout please let private sector
operate and they can only operate in
safety of course