moving on now fresh clashes erupted in
jerusalem on monday during a funeral
procession for a palestinian man who
died of injuries sustained during
violence in the city's al-aqsa mosque
last month walid al-sharif was wounded
on the 22 april during clashes with
israeli forces in jerusalem's holy site
israeli police said that palestinians
attending the funeral held fireworks
through stones at them which made them
retaliate six policemen were injured in
the process authorities say that they
have detained at least 15 people for
inciting violence during the procession
violence has frequently erupted in
jerusalem as you know
and palestinian territories for the last
few months east jerusalem which has been
home to the city's most important jewish
muslim and christian holy site has been
a flashpoint for decades now with israel
calling it part of its sovereign
territory palestinians claim the region
as the capital of a future independent
nation state west bank city of janine
also has reported clashes in the recent
weeks as you know becoming the latest
flash point the city has become a target
of intensified raids by israeli forces
last week a veteran journalist shirina
buackley was shot dead in janine during
an israeli raid an incident that drew
international condemnation palestinian
authorities described her killing as an
assassination by israeli troops a claim
which israel denies israel's military
has said that she was killed during an
exchange of fire with palestinian rebels
israel meanwhile has also called for a
joint investigation to prove the death
which palestine has rejected
is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move