and in the latest from the Israel Hamas
War the offensive continues to pick up
as Israel makes inroads Into The gazen
Enclave and civil and casualties
continue to ramp up with each passing
day now the World Health Organization
LED an assistments to the alifa hospital
in Gaza City and determined that it was
a death zone now the who has urged for a
full Hospital
evacuation as per un's ERS 291 patients
and 21 health workers remain inside the
hospital as of
now Israeli air strikes batted the South
gazan City of Kan yonis and killed
dozens of
Palestinians o over the last night 26
Palestinians were killed and 23 wounded
by an air strike on two
apartments the strike occurred in a
multi-story block in a busy residential
district and a third Israeli air strike
killed 15 Palestinians in a house West
of Khan
yonis well as the IDF moves southwards
in Gaza Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
nanahu defended the military's actions
and said that Israel abides by the laws
of
war
meanwhile Israeli forces continue to
operate in the alifa hospital Israel's
Chief military spokesperson said that
special forces are now operating in a
shaft at the in the hospital and are
locating weapons and command and control
rooms
people continue to seek refuge in south
of Gaza after patients medical staff and
civilians left the alifa hospital people
pared pass by on Donkey carts and on
foot looking for refuge and safety as
Israel's bombing
continues and amidst the intensifying
Israeli offensive Palestinian president
mmud Abbas made a direct appeal to US
President Joe Biden to put pressure on
Israel to stop its operation in the Gaza
Strip take a listen
Sol we got to get to the point
where Amer Joe
Biden
and in an opinion article in the
Washington Post US President Joe Biden
said that the Palestinian Authority
should ultimately govern the Gaza Strip
and the West Bank following the Israel
Hamas War Biden rallied behind a
Palestinian Authority and a two-state
solution we got to get to the point
where where there is an ability to be
able to even
[Music]
talk