warnings from American diplomats abroad
and caes first obtained by CNN ABC's
Selena Wang joins us now from the White
House and Selena sources confirmed those
diplomats have formerly warned the Biden
administration of the growing Fury in
the Arab world what can you tell us
exactly Lindsay these American diplomats
they are saying there is deep anger
towards the US and the Arab world over
America's stotch support of Israel in
the rising death toll in Gaza a state
department official Source confirming a
CNN report that these diplomats are
formally telling their Washington
counterparts that public opinion of the
US and the Arab world could be damaged
for a generation now a senior
Administration official telling me that
the White House fully respects all of
these strong feelings and that they will
continue to support Israel as well as
the people of Gaza and Selena the White
House confirmed today that President
Biden will hold a summit with China's
president sheet next week in San
Francisco relations with China have
certainly been Rocky lately President
Biden is expected to talk about the war
in Israel what's the president planning
to push for here
well look China has close relations with
Iran so President Biden is expected to
urge Xi Jinping to use that influence to
try and have Xi Jinping push Iran to not
escalate this conflict through Iran or
its proxies the purpose here of this
high stakes meeting is to manage
tensions and to try and restore military
to military Communications no
breakthroughs are expected given How
Deep The divisions are However the fact
that this meeting is happening at all
well that is a big win for global
stability Lindsay Selena Wang from the
White House thanks so much
hi everyone George Stephanopoulos here
thanks for checking out the ABC News
YouTube channel if you'd like to get
more videos show highlights and watch
live event coverage click on the right
over here to subscribe to our Channel
and don't forget to download the ABC
News app for breaking news alerts thanks
for
watching