[Music]
another day another label for Israel's
ruthless Campaign Of Destruction Gaza
has become Aon the wh Chief is not
pulling his punches Palestinians in Gaza
are being killed and starved on mass in
conditions described by Tedros gabrius
as inhumane we need a c fire now we need
Hostage to be released we need the bombs
to stop dropping and we need unfettered
humanitarian
access Humanity must Prevail but
humanity is conspicuously absent a fact
all too clear on the ground Israel has
destroyed civilian and medical
infrastructure across the strip turning
hospitals into war zones wh teams are
working to evacuate critically ill
patients from NASA Hospital in KH Unice
which has been rendered completely
defunct you can think about the worst
situation ever you you multiply by 10
and this is the the worst situation I
have seen in my life and it's about to
get a lot worse with Israel reaffirming
its threat to invade Rafa despite Global
opposition the importance of clearing
Rafa lies in the ability to hit Hamas
forces and in the need to demilitarize
the Gaza Strip if there is no hostage
release we will also operate during
Ramadan
Israel's military is closing in on
gaza's last civilian hold out bombing
everything in its path nothing and
nowhere is safe including the officers
of Doctors Without Borders which were
shelled
overnight all the residents of this
building are members of The Doctors
Without Borders suddenly the building
was bombed and a room inhabited by two
families caught fire and two women were
martyred a reality of famine and disease
is about to set in with the amount of
Aid allowed into the Strip by Israel in
freef Fall only four trucks of vital
humanitarian assistance were permitted
to enter Gaza on Wednesday hundreds are
still queued at the Rafa border where
they of no help to
anyone this is a war of starvation there
is no water or food or anything every
day we suffer I've been standing for an
hour to collect water with all these
people half of them will go back without
any the least I should be able to do is
give my son water and I can't I wish for
death and every minute we come and we
leave without water for nothing life in
a death zone indeed Isabella bull TI
world