free free Palestine freee palese a day
of outrage and fury what do we
want outside of the Israeli Embassy in
Washington several thousand protesters
gathered for this a global day of action
demanding an end to Israel's offensive
in Gaza the first thing we want to see
is a ceasefire I mean you can see what
they happen when they're just trying to
get food you don't kill people who are
trying to get Aid it's a very clear
matter um Israel is an oppressive
settler Colonial entity that's
committing genocide in Gaza but even
prior to this for decades committing
ethnic cleansing in Palestine um and our
people continue to stand firm and resist
and stay strong and we will continue to
do so and be there for our people on out
here in the streets similar protests
took place in dozens of other cities
Across America including New York Arab
Americans and pro Palestinian supporters
making their voices heard heard here in
Washington just a few miles from the
White House there is particular anger
focused towards the Biden Administration
those here want the US military funding
for Israel to end and real support for
Palestinians to
begin the US announced on Saturday that
it had aird dropped humanitarian Aid
into Gaza more than 38,000 Ms parachuted
Into The Enclave from military planes
Washington said says it's the start of a
sustained campaign of getting food to
Palestinians but Aid agencies are
warning the US Aid is too little too
late mothers and doctors are struggling
to keep children who are suffering
severe malnutrition alive even with the
new US Aid the horrors in Gaza continue
to cause a political backlash for the
American president as he fights for
reelection I voted for Biden but I will
not be voting for him in this election
with almost 5 months of conflict and
more deaths every single day the US
pressure campaign says it's committed to
end the fighting however long it
[Music]
takes