and India Today is the only chel to
report from Lebanon next up India
today's ashra vanani spoke to former
Palestinian Fighters vowed to completely
vipe out Israel it's
listen Fighters
figh
[Music]
what do you want to say I am very
sad
in
City South
lebnon we're getting in all the details
as far as as Israel's offensive against
Hamas is concerned remember exactly a
week ago on Saturday last was when Hamas
terrorists crossed over to Southern
Israel and leashed
Terror Israel since ever since has in
fact launched a counter offensive in
Hamas leading to thousands and thousands
of people dying in Hamas and also on the
other side of Israel and many have been
wounded thousands stand displaced as of
today
in the very latest the Israeli Defense
Forces have asked those living in the
Gaza Strip in fact to move to the
southern part of
Gaza Ashani sends us this latest round
report I'm currently in the hospital
where all those five journalists were
brought Wester late evening what is the
condition of those journalists who were
uh attacked by the Israel in southern
border of Lebanon Dr can you tell me
what is the what was the status of those
all injures how they had been injured
and uh what is the condition of the
injured journalist so far yes sir they
they arrived about five uh injured
person and one death uh four of them
were uh went
home are superficial wounds and on the
one there is a
a severe
uh Crush fracture fracture and severe
bleeding the she was in
in in they operated her and then
transferred them to ah a what what was
the cause of this uh injury uh because
of the Israel
BL because of
the me mes
bomb bomb
from was so the director of this
Hospital saying that so far they
received yesterday five injured
journalists in this Hospital one of them
was already dead on spart he was brought
that hospital out of four three had been
shifted to uh other hospital and one is
going on for surgery the lady journalist
here in this Hospital of T City in
Lebanon Ashani find you today