[Music]
four more Israeli soldiers were killed
fighting Hamas in southern Gaza on
Saturday their funerals were held today
at the mount Herzel military cemetery
Ines support for the military in Israel
remains strong but after six months of
war and thousands dead there is anger
here now on all sides many feel that
this has gone on long enough
as I'm standing next to my boys coughing
I'm pleading and asking enough stop stop
with the hatred
please let's learn to love learn to
listen stop labeling each other and
understand that we have nothing but each
other Israel has clearly not defeated
Hamas and carun but today the IDF
announced that overnight it had
withdrawn all ground forces from
Southern
Gaza it is a significant moment and
marks a new phase in this
war we're marking today six months of
war the achievements of the war are
great we eliminated 19 out of 24 Hamas
battalions including senior commanders
we killed wounded or captured a
significant number of Hamas terrorists a
senior Israeli government s forces told
Sky News that the killing of seven World
Central Kitchen employees this week
changed everything ceasefire
negotiations are resuming in the
Egyptian Capital Cairo there is huge
expectation now on Israel to compromise
in terms of the humanitarian Aid
unfortunately up to this moment the aid
that is getting into Gaza is still a
drop in the ocean that's why the
situation continues to
worsen a marking 6 months since the War
Began hostage families held a vigil in
Tel Aviv they believe the Israeli
government has blood on its hands and
time is running out the feeling is that
we're forgotten behind all the
hostages here in Israel and also around
the world and I want to I'm I'm calling
everybody don't forget them do
everything to bring them back home this
has been a long and hard 6 months for
everyone here Israelis and
Palestinians events over the past week
have changed things though it now feels
like this war could be at another
Turning Point Alice among the Sky News
in
Jerusalem