Israel and Hezbollah have already traded
fire this week but they've stopped short
of the devastating fullscale War they
fought in 2006 a repeat of which would
force Israel's military to fight on two
fronts stretching its forces thin
founded in the chaos of the 15-year
Lebanese Civil War the Iran back group
is driven by its opposition to Israel
and its resistance to Western influence
in West Asia here's all you need to know
Iran's revolutionary guards founded
hisbah in 1982 thean established the
group to export Islamic revolution and
fighter Israeli forces that had invaded
Lebanon sharing the shiat islamist
ideology Hezbollah recruited among
Lebanese shite Muslims Hezbollah kept
its weapons at the end of the war of the
civil war to fight Israeli forces
occupying predominantly sh South years
of gorilla Warfare LED Israel to
withdraw in the year of 2000 Hezbollah
demonstrated its military advances in
2006 during a 5we war with Israel which
erupted after it crossed into Israel kid
napping Two Soldiers and killing others
the war killed 1200 people in Lebanon
mostly civilians and over 150 Israelis
mostly soldiers Hezbollah fired
thousands of rockets into Israel its
military power grew after deploying into
Syria in 2012 to help president Bashar
al- Assad fight mostly Sunni
Rebels Hezbollah BS Precision rockets
and says it can hit all parts of Israel
in 2021 hasbullah leader Sayad Hassan
nasara said that the group had 100,000
Fighters Iran gives hisbah weapons and
money the United States estimates Iran
has allocated its hundreds of millions
of dollars annually in recent years
Hezbollah is deep ties to other Iran
backed groups around the region the
group is ties with Palestinian factions
Hamas and Islamic Jihad as Saturday's
attack unfolded Hezbollah said it was in
direct contact with the leadership of
the Palestinian resistance Hezbollah is
trained Iran back groups in Iraq and
takes part in fighting there Saudi
Arabia says Hezbollah has also fought in
support of the Iran Allied houis in
Yemen Hezbollah denies this Theon is now
available in your country download the
app now get all the news on the move