hopes of another hostage deal have
renewed in the ongoing Israel Hamas War
as both Waring parties have agreed for
ceasefire talks Hamas Chief isma Han is
set to visit Egypt on Wednesday now he
is due to meet Egyptian intelligence
Chief to discuss a new agreement this
comes after the trilateral meet between
the heads of Israel's mosad and United
States's CIA with Qatari Premier in waro
as per reports citing sources Clos to
the talks these talks were positive but
a deal might not be imminent and while
efforts are on a
ceasefire in fact they continue the
United Nations security Council voted on
Gaza has been delayed for the second
consecutive day the vote has been
delayed as the UAE and the US are
struggling to agree on language that
cites a cessation of hostilities and a
proposal to set up un Aid monitoring
meanwhile Israeli Army says it is
advancing in South as well as the north
of Gaza the IDF raided and detained
staff at two of the last functioning
hospitals in Northern Gaza Israel's
defense minister says troops are working
to completely clear out Hamas militants
from the
area
this say the Israeli Army has
intensified action in southern Gaza Khan
Yunis City They carried out more deadly
strikes here on Tuesday the IDF says it
added an entire Brigade and additional
forces to the offensive in the area
Palestine red cres society says at least
eight Palestinians were killed and 34
wounded in central Gaza on Tuesday as
for the Hamas run Health Ministry nearly
20,000 gazin have been killed so
[Music]
far on the other hand Palestinian
military group Islamic Jihad has
released a video of two hostages
pleading to be freed the two elderly men
in the video called for increasing
pressure on the Israeli authorities to
ensure their release this video has been
released a day after a similar video was
shared by Hamas showing three elderly
Israeli hostages pleading for their
release meanwhile Yemen's Hy Rebels have
now reacted to United States's 10 member
Coalition in Red Sea formed to deal with
their threat the iran-backed rebels say
the International Coalition is part of
aggression against Palestinians and
contradicts international law the huis
have warned that any country that acts
against them will have its ships
targeted
[Music]