President Biden says the newly released
hostages including young Abigail can now
begin the long journey to healing in his
address to the nation the president said
he's working with Israel Egypt and cter
to extend the ceasefire beyond the 4-day
pause and fighting that was initially
agreed upon the proof that this is
working and worth pursuing further is in
every smile and every grateful tear we
see on the faces of those families who
are finally getting back together again
the president has been deeply involved
in those negotiations and says he will
not stop until everyone is back home
ABC's senior White House correspondent
Selena Wang joins us now Selena what are
you learning about President Biden's
efforts to secure the release of the
remaining hostages well Lindsay
President Biden said his goal is to
extend this pause in fighting Beyond
tomorrow so that more hostages can be
released and more Aid can get into Gaza
the president is hopeful after the
release of four-year-old Abigail Eon
saying that he expects more Americans
will be released but that he doesn't
know the conditions of all of these
hostages or even if they're alive senior
Administration officials have told me
that this deal was weeks in the making
of painstaking diplomacy and today again
President Biden hopping on the phone
with Israel's prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu the White House says that
these two leaders will continue working
towards securing the release of all
remaining hostages Lindsay Selena
reporting from the White House tonight
thank you hi everyone George
Stephanopoulos here thanks for checking
out the ABC News YouTube channel if
you'd like to get more videos show
highlights and watch live event coverage
click on the right over here to
subscribe to our Channel and don't
forget to download the ABC News app for
breaking news alerts thanks for
watching