thing we noticed when we arrived here in
uh Tel Aviv in the aftermath of those
maskers was the fear of course the fear
felt by uh uh Israeli people people
living here in Tel Aviva the streets
were completely empty uh there were
Sirens warning of incoming rocket
attacks uh virtually every day uh the
situation has since then I'd say
improved a little bit uh one thing
everyone does agree on here is that
Hamas must be dealt with uh the
differences emerge I think with regards
to how you deal with them of course you
know have the the hardliners uh who want
Hamas to be eradicated uh no matter what
the cost uh you have on the opposite end
of the spectrum those who were calling
for more to be done to protect uh
innocent Palestinian uh civilians and uh
then you have I would say a a very large
uh section of Israeli Society who say
that the priority should be above all
else to get those hostages uh back home
uh safe and uh sound uh there's also a
lot of anger
against the Israeli government and
Benjamin Netanyahu uh just after our
arrival in Tel Aviv we went to a rally
uh to show solidarity uh with the
families of the hostages and the victims
of those attacks um but it felt at times
more like an anti-government protest
there were people arguing with each
other um others saying that Netanyahu
Netanyahu had blood on his hand uh
questions asked about intelligence
failures so what it all means is that
Netanyahu and the Israeli government has
a really difficult task on its hands on
the one hand having to appease the
hardliners who want tough action against
Hamas tough military action against
Hamas and then other people who want
everything possible to be done to get
those hostages home safely but of course
the problem is any military offensive uh
ground offensive against Hamas will
inevitably put the lives of those
hostages in danger