[Music]
the celebrations ended with shots being
fired
violence broke out between the Israeli
security forces and the worshippers who
tried to enter the mosque through the
Bob Hutta entrance that remained closed
on Thursday Muslim worshippers entered
the al-aqsa mosque for the first time in
two weeks they went in after Israelis
had removed controversial security
measures they installed at the compound
Metal Detectors cameras and steel
barriers were put in place following the
killing of two Israeli policemen the
move provoked days of violent clashes
that left at least four Palestinians
dead and it saw tens of thousands of
Muslims take to the street to pray
following a Muslim boycott of the
compound the u-turn marks a victory for
a campaign of civil disobedience that
saw Palestinians who refused to enter
the compound it houses the revered
al-aqsa mosque and the golden topped
Dome of the rock
we looked at the report of the Technical
Committee who assured us that the
obstacles put outside the gates of the
Holy al-aqsa mosque and along the ways
leading to it were removed and this is a
victory to our nation after efforts were
made to remove these gates the
additional security was seen by
Palestinians as Israel's attempt to
control the site and the Palestinian
leadership suspended all communication
with Israel President Mahmoud Abbas has
said no decision has yet been made on
whether or not to renew it young
Palestinians celebrated the news
this victory is a victory of the
Palestinian people who stood up as one
and were united behind its religious
leadership
but this is not the first time
Palestinians and Israelis have faced off
over security and access to al-aqsa and
it probably won't be the last
Keisha Ferguson TRT world
[Music]