what are bunker Buster bombs and what
makes them so deadly also called Ground
penetration Munitions these bombs dig
deep into the ground before they
detonate they are used to destroy
reinforced concrete structures and
underground facilities where ordinary
run-ofthe-mill ammunition cannot
penetrate there are two types of Bunker
Busters one has a fortified nose so that
bombs do not detonate on impact it also
gives the ammunition some weight so it
can burrow itself deep into its Target
before a delayed fuse detonates the
second type consists of two bombs or
charges the smaller charge detonates
first creating a hole through which the
rest of the bomb can pass that's when
the second larger charge detonates you
may be wondering who produces these
borrowing bombs the British first
invented them during World War II and
their potency did not go unnoticed now
the US Israel and turkia are among their
producers the most advanced bunker
Buster available is the us-made GBU 72
it can penetrate up to 30 m of Earth or
6 M of concrete but it can also create
shock waves that could trigger collapses
in Subterranean structure
although Israel has put an order in for
the GBU 72 the deal has not yet been
sealed Israel is accused of reportedly
using bunker Busters in its 2023
onslaught of palestine's Gaza from a
military standpoint this would allow
them to destroy the network of tunnels
under Gaza Gaza is no stranger to Bunker
Busters as Israel reportedly deployed
them in 2022 2019 and 2009 although
bunker Busters are favored for their
high impact the Geneva Convention
Outlaws their use in densely populated
regions due to the risk of mass civilian
casualties