Hamas and Israel May soon reach a truce
agreement according to the chief of the
Palestinian militant group this has been
echoed by US President Joe Biden earlier
saying a deal to secure the release of
hostages is closer chunu with the
details the chief of Hamas told Royers
in a statement on Tuesday that the
militant organization was close to
reaching a truce agreement with Israel
and the group has delivered a response
to qari negotiators according to Reuters
qari mediators have been leading
negotiations that could potentially lead
to the release of 50 hostages in
exchange for a 3-day ceasefire and
further aid for Gaza a Hamas official
also recently told Al jazer TV that
negotiations were centered on how long
the truce would last arrangements for
delivery of Aid into Gaza and the
exchange of Israeli hostages held by
Hamas for Palestinian prisoners in
Israel both sides would free three women
and children with details being
announced by Qatar around 240 hostages
were taken during a deadly attack on
Israel by Hamas on October 7th the
ferocity of the attack which killed
around 1,200 people prompted Israel to
invade the Gaza Strip since then gaza's
Hamas run government said at least
13,300 Palestinians have been killed
including at least 5,600 children and
3,550 women by an Israeli bombardment
talk of such imminent hostage deal has
been circulating for days US President
Joe Biden and other us officials said on
Monday while speaking to reporters that
a deal to secure the release of hostages
being held by Hamas is close meanwhile
Israeli operations against Hamas and
Gaza have put the spotlight on medical
facilities within the Enclave with
hospitals suffering power cuts and a
lack of medical supplies according to
health officials in Gaza at least 12
people were killed at the Tunisian
Hospital in northeastern Gaza on Sunday
night after it was hit by artillery
rounds the IDF says it took action after
being fired upon from the facility 28
prematurely born babies evacuated from
gaza's biggest Hospital asifa were taken
into Egypt for Urgent Treatment on
Monday tongu news