us officials are now saying that they
have started air strikes along with
their British counterparts on several
houthi held strongholds we are hearing
reports that there have been explosions
in the capital SAA as well as a coastal
Port stronghold as well uh some news
outlets including CNN are reporting that
these strikes have been conducted with
fighter jets and tomahawk missiles as
well so it's likely that the uh us and
the UK are targeting military
infrastructure likely the missile sites
that have been launching these missile
drones over the past couple of weeks as
well as radar installations along the
coast of Yemen uh we first got some kind
of semblance that something might be in
the offing here after Rishi sunak the
British prime minister called an
emergency meeting of Cobra uh that's the
British emergency Council as it were uh
and also discuss the situation with
cabinet members uh and also the
opposition leader Kia starma as well now
this obviously comes in the wake of
Tuesday's attack which saw dozens of uh
houy drones and other missiles shot down
that were headed for us and UK uh ships
that had been sent to the area to
protect vessels making Passage through
the region so that really was quite an
escalation the US on the back of that
said that the houthis needed to be
prepared for the consequences of their
actions up until now we didn't know what
those consequences looked like uh but
now we do know that missile strikes have
been taking place so the um threats that
the US had been giving back to the
houthis about consequences had appeared
to fall on De ears and there was an
attack as recent as Thursday with the
27th attack that the huis have held uh
since the uh October 7th attack by Hamas
on Israel