and anger in Israel is growing against
the Nathan yahu government thousands of
demonstrators have taken to the streets
demanding the removal of prime minister
Nathan yahu and an end to the war in
Gaza demonstrations took place at the
habima square with some blaming Nathan
yahu and other officials for Hamas
attacks of October 7th meanwhile in
Jerusalem people gathered in front of
the house of the Israeli president to
demand the release of captives held by
Hamas
demonstrators held signs with pictures
of hostages and messages such as get
them out of
hell I think
the the government should do everything
they can do to bring them back home it's
so so many days too too many days that
we're there it's important for me to be
here to demand the cease fire now and a
political solution now and to convey our
voices and to shout as loud as we can
even through the repression that we are
experiencing right now and even though
no one wants us to voice those voices
it's more important than ever for us to
do voice them and to say however loud we
can and whenever we can it's important
for me to be a part of this to be part
of the solution and not part of the
problem this is seen as one of the major
anti-government demonstrations since the
War Began on October 7th demonstrators
called for elections as they came out on
the streets of T aiv more than 100
people are still believed to be in
hamas's captivity and Sunday marks 100
days since the October 7th attack after
which Israel launched an offensive aimed
at wiping out Hamas Israel's offensive
has so far killed over 22,000 people in
Gaza during a temporary truce in
November Hamas released 105 hostages in
a mutually agreed hostage ex change
between Hamas and
[Music]
Israel