when Hamza tail was just 16 years old he
and his friend Ahmed Al julani were
arrested by Israeli forces on October 27
and November 8th 2021 respectively on
suspicion of throwing a Molotov cocktail
at Israel in occupied East Jerusalem
after spending an initial 2 months in
Israeli prison the boys were placed
under house arrest which on paper is a
Judicial alternative to imprisonment but
which in practice is a tactic Israel
uses to isolate and restrict
Palestinians mostly juveniles from
moving beyond a specific location while
their trial is
ongoing Israeli authorities isolated
Hamza and Ahmed from their families and
friends in occupied East Jerusalem and
forced them to stay locked in a house
far away for 2 years the two boys stayed
in a house near Gaza for the first 6
months before receiving approval to move
to Tel Aviv where hamza's brother
[Music]
[Music]
worked throughout the two years they
spent under house arrest the boys were
denied their right to education and were
under strict surveillance both by the
Israeli police who would rate the house
at random times to make sure they were
at home and by four temporary Guardians
and close relatives of the boys who were
not only required to pay a security
deposit subject to confiscation if the
boys violated their house arrest but
also to cover the rental fees for the
house Israeli authorities forced the
boys to stay in
[Music]
Hamza and Ahmed were only allowed to go
to TBA to attend weekly study sessions
alongside convicted criminals in hopes
of having their sentences
reduced
[Music]
on November 26 2023 Hamza and Ahmed
finally had their court hearing Hamza
was sentenced to 20 months in prison and
Ahmed was sentenced to 14 months in
prison in spite of completing nearly two
full years of house arrest their
sentences were only reduced according to
the months they had initially spent in
prison in 2021 the two boys now
technically adults started their
sentence on November 13
2023