there are millions of Christians around
the world praying that God will give you
his wisdom and we pray that God will
give you success and so that's our
prayer well thank you uh the fact that
you're coming here standing with Israel
in Israel is mly important and uh gives
us uh uh a lot of strength and a lot of
encouragement uh I have to say that the
world today appears to be divided by two
forces those who support the Israel and
its just fight against Hamas terrorism
and those who support Hamas terrorism I
think Reverend Graham with your so many
followers around the world understand
that Israel is fighting uh a just War
fighting in according to uh
international law Trying to minimize
civilian casualties root out the Terrors
uh and I think that's our common battle
the battle of civilization against
barbarism well it's good versus evil and
we know that God
uh we know there's a God and we know
there's a devil an evil and the devil
has been fighting God for we don't know
how many many thousands of years but uh
I think Israel is God's people the Bible
tells us that and so it's clear and the
the Devil Wants To Destroy This Nation
wants to destroy the Jewish people and
he's tried over and over and over to do
that no we're not going to let him do it
no sir when we say we it's the combined
forces of stand of civilization and we
truly support that I have to say that by
by contrast uh you know there are forces
that support the terrorists and one of
them is uh president aan of Turkey who
uh calls Israel a terrorist state but
actually supports the terrorist state of
Kamas uh has himself uh bombed uh
Turkish Villages inside uh turkey itself
so we're not going to get any lectures
from them we stand with those who stand
for justice and Truth like uh Reverend
Graham our many uh Christian friends
around the world but also so many others
and we saw that yesterday in a mass
demonstration in Washington uh of uh
Jewish leaders and non-jewish leaders
leaders of the Senate leaders of the
house they stood for Israel they stood
for truth they stood for justice and
that's that's the forces of civilization
that will ultimately win the
day thank you yes sir thank you please
see you again good to see him thank you
for coming