now over in Gaza Israel says its
military forces have captured some 650
terrorist suspects in a raid on gaza's
largest hospital which also resulted in
140 gunmen being killed eing has the
details the Israel Defense Forces and
shinbach Security Agency said Thursday
that 650 terrorist suspects were
captured including several very
significant senior Hamas and Palestinian
Islamic Jihad commanders during a
massive raid at gaza's largest hospital
it added that it also killed 140 gunmen
during the raid the announcement came on
the fourth day of military operations at
the alifa hospital where Israel said it
captured husam salame the commander of
P's observation and intelligence unit in
Gaza and his brother wisam salame who is
the head of the Islamic jihad's
propaganda unit in the region The Raid
came as the Israeli military claimed
that it had received information that
Hamas and others were using the hospital
as a hideout to reorganize their battle
lines however Hamas accused Israel of
killing dozens of displaced people
patients and medical staff during the
raid IDF spokesman Daniel hagari said no
civilians doctors or medical personnel
were hurt during the operation meanwhile
US Secretary State Anthony blinkin
during a joint press conference in Cairo
with his Egyptian counterpart on
Thursday said that a major Israeli
offense Ive in Rafa city is unnecessary
and would be a mistake the top us Envoy
argued that such an operation would
worsen the situation and that there's a
better way to deal with threats posed by
Hamas blinkin added that while it looks
difficult a ceasefire agreement could be
possible as he noted that gaps are
narrowing the US Department of Defense
on Thursday announced that the defense
Chiefs of the United States and Israel
will meet next week at the Pentagon
Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin and
his Israeli counterpart yav Gallant are
expected to discuss the need to expand
humanitarian Aid to Palestinian
civilians and ensure the safety of more
than 1 million residents in Rafa EJ
adang news