Israeli forces have discovered a network
of tunnels that run partly under the
main UN agency in Gaza calling it new
evidence of Hamas exploitation of what
is known as unra the UN relief group
that aids
Palestinians Israeli Army Engineers took
reporters from foreign news outlets
through the passages during what is a
time of Crisis for unra un staff were
among the perpetrators of the October 7
Massacre Israel last month alleged that
some of the agency's staff doubled as
Hamas operatives which led several donor
countries to freeze their funding to the
agency unra has launched an internal
investigation into Israel's claims the
tunnels under the agency's headquarters
in Gaza City also revealed side rooms
including an office space with steel
safes that had been opened and emptied
one large chamber was packed with
computer servers another with industrial
battery stacks
leading the tour was an Israeli
Lieutenant Colonel who gave only his
first name Ido this is one of the the
central commands of the
intelligence these this place is the the
one of the hamas's intelligence units
where they command most of the combat
from here but from the underground Ido
said Hamas appeared to have evacuated in
the face of the Israeli Advance
preemptively cutting off Communications
cables that in an above ground part of
the tour he showed running through the
floor of the unra
basement the Palestinians have accused
Israel of falsifying information to
tarnish unra which employs 13,000 people
in the Gaza Strip and for years has been
a Lifeline for the population running
schools health care clinics and other
social services in a statement unra said
it had vacated the headquarters on
October 12th 5 days after the War Began
and was therefore quote quote unable to
confirm or otherwise comment on the
Israeli finding Hamas has denied
operating in civilian facilities as a
condition of taking journalists on the
trip the Israeli military requested
approval of photos and video before they
were
transmitted