[Music]
Madame Oaxaca is silent Nam sheath-knife
dear its water park back pizza
la MC Holyoke mr. Hawk I was fortyish
gamla hole there old mafia a Volvo mafia
Bahama watch a Nastya bi u addition
between eternally the walks Israel is
now officially the state of the Jewish
people a week ago it wasn't then the
Knesset passed the nation state law with
62 votes to 55 it means
self-determination in Israel is only
open to the Jewish population and it
encourages the state to pursue Jewish
settlements it's also a flashpoint
around minority rights especially those
of Jewish settlements and those articles
downgrading the Arabic the status of the
Arabic language Palestinian and other
Arab Israelis make up about 20% of the
population for many of them the passing
of this bill means enshrining further
discrimination this is a racist law only
sir we cannot live in houses and if we
build houses they demolish them if we
reach the checkpoints they inspect us
the Jews the Arabs and the Palestinians
laws are appealed for others explicitly
defining the nation-state in the place
of Jewish people in it is a welcome move
everything that constitutionally
strengthens the connection of the people
of Israel to the Land of Israel is
blessed even if there are trivial things
such as we are democracy and Jewish
state versions of the nation-state bill
have been proposed since 2011 but the
political climate in 2018 has made it
possible for it to pass Israel is
marking its 70th anniversary and Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's government
received the ultimate birthday gift
earlier this year from the United States
when he's opened the American Embassy in
Jerusalem this law also formally defines
the city is the unified and complete
capital of Israel but can Israelis be
unified when there is a legal
distinction between the country's
majority and minority populations
Nathalie Bohannon the newsmakers
[Music]