the El Shaka family has been producing
traditional soap here in the Palestinian
city of nablas one of the oldest in the
world for over a thousand years it's an
important cultural practice for the
family but Israel is standing in the
way the situation has greatly impacted
our work with road closures and being
completely disconnected from Gaza
frequent incursions a high number of
casualties and shelter attacks have made
people reluctant to leave their homes
Israel's escalating violence in the
occupied West Bank has pushed Revenue
down more than 70% since October but
that's not stopping the alekas who are
determined to continue their craft for
their
people the broader concern is the
perceived attempt to erase any
Palestinian or Arab identity which
angers
many people here say the Palestinian
cause isn't just about land it's about
traditions and a way of life Israeli
raids according to them threaten to
disrupt all of that and that's why they
say the cultural pillars must remain
despite mounting attempts to destroy
them in Na's Old City are more Hallmarks
and attacks on
them considered the desert capital of
Palestine people from across the region
used to flock here to try nebuli canfa a
middle eastern cheese
pastry people are scared the do are
closed there are a lot of problems and
people don't come from
outside nablas is my favorite City we
used to come here and spend the night in
iafa this is the first time I've come
from kilia to nablo since October 7th
I'm very worried about how will return
because of the
danger amid mounting arrests and
killings in the occupied West Bank which
Israel says our security precautions
cultural losses may seem frivolous
however the palpable determination to
hold on to Heritage in the middle of
Unthinkable distress is anything but
prian naani trt World nais occupied West
Bank