now the Israel Hamas conflict could
result in massive uncertainty even for
the tech sector while Israel is already
among the top Tech nations in the world
it's the upand cominging Palestinian
tech industry that's been blown apart by
the war between Israel and Hamas before
the Israel Hamas war palestine's tech
sector it was growing at a steady Pace
despite being one of the most
economically challenged regions in the
world and in the past few years the
world had started to witness several
top-notch companies emerging from Gaza
Gaza Sky Geeks backed by alphabet the
per company of Google it's the largest
tech Hub in Palestine in 2022 around
5,000 coders and developers from across
the West Bank in Gaza graduated from
this program those working in
palestine's Tech sector estimate that as
much aset 10 million doar have been
invested in the Palestinian Tech
ecosystem so far most of the funding is
from the international tech companies
Elana mon talk the co-founder and the
CEO of the Palestine based social impact
startup said and I'm quoting here though
Gaza has been bombed many times before
this time is completely different for
the tech sector for several reasons
electricity was cut off to entire Gaza
Strip a significant amount of
infrastructure has been bombed most
people have lost cell phone Connections
in internet access completely or have
some access to 2G only on their cell
phones meanwhile as per media reports
many tech companies are planning to
shift their business operations to India
or other locations if the Israel Hamas
conflict escalates more than 500 Global
multinational such as Intel Microsoft
and Google have offices in
Israel Von is now available in your
country download the app now get all the
news on the move