news unabated are there signs of any
deescalation possibly no what happens
next no one knows now Israel remember at
this point has been talking of going in
for a full ground offensive there are
indications that again could happen very
soon but what has happened in just the
last few hours many would say it's
pretty dramatic where Iran backed HTI
rebels in Yemen have issued a video
handout of what they say is the launch
of a ballistic missile and drones at
Israel so this clearly means in simple
terms that the war could become
multi-prong it's no longer going to be
just between Israel and Hamas but then
you also have the huti Reel group from
Yemen wanting to get into this this
video was in fact released by ansar
Allah's media office just today earlier
the military spokesperson there had
claimed to have fired these ballistic
missiles and drones at Israel saying
that it was the third such operation and
that they plan to carry out more strikes
until the Israeli aggression they say
stopped
now this is a story of what Yemen
possibly is wanting to do on the other
side what you see on your screens in the
center is an image that many say is
bringing some B of Hope for a lot of
civilians who've been injured who've
been wounded who need medical care and
they now for the very first time have
been allowed to cross into Egypt via the
raer border that has been closed ever
since now will that border be also used
to ensure that more civilians can move
out no one knows but in the middle of
all this a lot of world powers world
capitals are still continuing to watch
what happens next and the war also
continues and Benjamin Netanyahu
maintains that they will ensure that
Hamas is completely
anhil
[Music]
for
[Music]