ashitosh Mishra who's also joining us
from tviv Israel ashitosh we saw G of sa
being caught in the crossfire we see a
barrage of rockets coming in from Hamas
terrorists as a huge a huge group of the
Hamas terrorists have managed
to
Ro
and all of sudden it was a matter of few
seconds only uh several blasts were
heard and before people could get to
know this was a few seconds of siren
alarming and offer
most of the people who are on the road
in Escalon and this is the nearest
border point of Gaza the people
immediately went to the shelter areas
those who could possibly but all of a
sudden we realized multiple Rockets were
fired from the Gaza area to from Hamas
towards the Israel territory and Escalon
more than 5050 such Rockets were fired
the defense air defense system
immediately responded where most of
these Rockets were neutralized but left
side to me at a certain distance one
rocket fell down and looks like there
have been a huge damage where in route
to that area and this was literally uh a
threat imagine the people were so scared
and they all started taking shelter uh
in in in the uh Sheltering area there
are bunkers made uh this explains the
Furious situation in earthplan where uh
you know this massive and massive uh uh
attack by the Hamas is taking place uh
everywhere it was all just smoker ground
for packed with a thin layer of smoke
the people were terrified panicked all I
see only the U ambulance the emergency
response Services uh on the way trying
to uh provide maximum relief as possible
so on the bordering areas of Gaza the
situation remained tense as the people
are quite terrified in escaline southern
Israel this is ashitosh Mishra for India
today