that statement um which I I believe said
that
Hamas pulled out of the hostage talks or
Hamas rejected the most recent proposal
because of the United Nations security
Council resolution that statement is
[Music]
inaccurate
[Music]
[Music]
and netanyahu's office is indicating
that um the US not vetoing the
resolution actually hampered or harmed
the hostage talks um is that the US
understanding so that statement um which
I I believe said that
Hamas pulled out of the hostage talks or
Hamas rejected the most recent proposal
because of the United Nations security
Council resolution that statement is
inaccurate uh in almost every respect
and it is unfair to the hostages and
their families the description of
hamas's response that has been uh aired
in in the public is all from news
reports it's not the actual substance of
the response and I can tell you that
that response was prepared before the UN
Security Council vote not after it so
for the United States we are not going
to engage in rhetorical distractions on
this issue we are going to continue work
to try to bring the hostages home number
one when it comes to dictating you're
right no we do not dictate to them we
can't dictated and they're a sovereign
country the United States can't dictate
to any sovereign country they're going
to make their own decisions and they
have been quite clear about that and we
would expect nothing less from any
sovereign country that said we always
offer our best advice to them resolution
contained in document
s224
254 please there raise their
hand those are
against
abstention
the result of the Voting is as follows
14 votes in favor zero vote against one
abstention the draft resolution has been
adopted as resolution
2728
[Applause]
2024
as I've said before we fully support
some of the critical objectives in this
non-binding resolution and we believe it
was important for the council to speak
out and make clear that our ceasefire
must any ceasefire must come with the
release of all
[Music]
hostages
[Music]
[Music]
for breaking news detailed analysis
in-depth interviews and explainers
follow the times of India subscribe to
our YouTube channel don't forget to like
our videos and hit the Bell icon to stay
updated with the
latest