representative TB has repeatedly made
atrocious statements against our Ally
Israel and in support of Hamas a
terrorist group responsible for the
largest Massacre of Jews since the
Holocaust I'm the only Palestinian
American servant in Congress Mr chair
and my perspective is needed here now
more than ever house resolution 845
resolution censoring representative
Rashida th for promoting false
narratives regarding the October 7th
2023 homos attack on Israel and for
calling for the destruction of the state
of Israel representative Rashida Tali
breaked in $1.9 million in her first
fundraising quarter of 2024 that brings
a total of $6.45 million this cycle for
the Michigan congresswoman following her
criticism of Israel's handling of the
war against Hamas and her censure by the
house last year the idea that
criticizing the government of Israel is
anti-Semitic since a very dangerous
precedent and it's been used to silence
diverse voices speaking up for human
rights across our nation TB is the 12th
highest fundraiser in the house
following Squad member representative
Alexandria acasio Cortez and ahead of
former house Speaker Nancy Pelosi until
the Israel Hamas War Talib was not known
for her fundraising prowess the highest
contributions are coming from a
political action committee formed by
Ocasio Cortez to promote Progressive
candidates advancing various groups
including Arab American ones she raised
3.7 million in the months after hamas's
deadly attack in southern Israel on
October 7th in a post on X she promoted
the chant from The River To The Sea
which many interpreted as obliterating
Israel off the map Mr President the
American people are not with you on this
one we will remember in 2024 TB
unsuccessfully launched an 11th Hour
attempt to add an amendment to a foreign
aid bill that would restrict all
military aid to Israel until there's a
lasting ceasefire T's back-to-back
numbers appear to correlate with the
conflict in Israel and her backing of
Michigan's uncommitted campaign to cast
a protest vote against President Joe
Biden urging a ceasefire in Gaza this
comes as powerful pro-israel lobbying
groups have committed to spend Millions
on efforts to defeat Progressive
lawmakers but those groups have yet to
recruit a Democratic primary Challenger
to take on TB