prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu of
Israel visited the 98 Battalion of the
Israel Defense Forces primarily to check
and also of course boost the moral of
the soldiers amid the shocking
developments that have taken place uh
after hearing about the daring combat of
the paratroop and Commando soldiers and
officers and those are conps and
reservists in the area around the Gaza
Strip here's the Prime Minister speaking
to the
soldiers
there are arrangements with tanks and
humy vehicles and armored vehicles that
are being push toward the Border but how
are the Israeli soldiers also trying to
keep up their morale gorov Savant is on
the ground reporting from different
locations he went to one area where the
Israeli troops are and here's what he
found massive movement of the Israeli
Army right behind me watch these images
you see a large number of Israeli Army
Personnel moving right towards the front
lines watch these images These Are
Soldiers of the Israeli Army moving
towards duin along the borders remains
extremely grim and you can see these
images these are soldiers who are all
moving towards the front line one after
the other one W after the other and all
singing songs of bravery and
[Applause]
patriotism songs of gravery songs of
patriotism songs that fill Israel with
enthusiasm to and the will to fight here
is where you see these Israeli soldiers
singing songs of Bravery on their way to
the Border this is one of the final
lines this
[Music]
is this actually shows you the morale of
the Israeli
Army and you can see their moral High
they're singing songs of Valor they're
singing songs of patriotism as they head
to the border to defend their Nation
from radical Terror represented by Hamas
these are soldiers who could well be
going across sooner than later to
decimate the threat that Israel faces
gorov Savant instead rot Southern Israel
for India today