now is Pakistan supplying weapons to
Israel yes if a report is to be believed
the South Asian country that has been
condemning Israel while championing the
Palestinian cause could be supplying
weapons to Israel in its bombardment of
Gaza look at these visuals on your
screen pakistanis are Marching through
the streets in solidarity with the
people of Gaza chanting slogans against
Israel and the Western
powers
[Music]
but now in account on the xplatform has
claimed that Islamabad could be
supplying 155 mm shells to Israel 155 mm
shells are the same artillery pieces
that Israel has been firing at Hamas
positions near the Gaza border Israel
has been sourcing these weapons from
other countries but how are these
weapons reaching Israel the report on
the social media platform claims that a
British plane first flew from bahin to n
Khan base at raval pindy in Pakistan and
then again from the Pakistani Air Force
Base to bahin the plane then left for
zum a city in Oman and route to
Cyprus now from there on the weapons
were exported to Israel experts also say
that 155 mm artillery provides a good
balance between range and Warhead size
and Pakistan's ordinance Factory
produces these shells in bulk and these
shells often end up in many countries
that use military equipment sourced from
the United
States now the claim could not be
verified independently but this is not
the first time that Pakistan has been
accused of fueling War activities
earlier it had been accused of supplying
weapons to Ukrainian troops against
Russia an allegation Islamabad has
repeatedly denied though the 155 mm
artillery ammunition has been critical
to the war in Ukraine they are used in
howt systems and at one point keev had
been firing around 7,000 to 9,000 shells
a
day and the report of Pakistan supplying
weapons to Israel came hours before the
arrival of British Army Chief to the
country and so far both Pakistan and
United Kingdoms are yet to confirm or
deny the
reports
[Music]