well over 1200 people have died in
Israel amid Hamas attacks and well the
death toll in Gaza also continues to
rise amid the Israel counter offensive
air strikes on the Hamas tunnel Network
in Gaza is the latest information that
we're getting in this is the claim that
has been made by the Israeli military
Israel's military has said that Hamas
Fighters have beheaded babies this is a
claim that has been made by the IDF but
the White House which initially was
unsure about these reports has now said
that they have not seen any pictures of
decapitated babies former Israeli
negotiator meanwhile is talking to Hamas
can there be any kind of a breakthrough
given the kind of offensive we've seen
from both sides over the last 5 days is
of course a question that needs to be
answered meanwhile the biggest casualty
in any War human beings on both sides of
the fence Essentials are exhausted in
Gaza hospitals say Palestinian Health
Ministry officials they say that
essential medicines and supplies are
running extremely low they are on the
verge of depletion this as uh the main
power plant in Gaza has stopped
functioning and it made a blackout even
um there were explosions that were seen
in Gaza through the course of last night
the United States meanwhile now is in
talks with the UN Israel and Egypt and
allowing Aid into Gaza Hamas Rockets
meanwhile over Tel aviv's benan airport
yesterday sent Panic waves there were
some commercial flight operations that
were suspended ended the British Airways
has stopped flying to Tel Aviv
altogether uh but now we have
information that you know flights are in
fact leaving the Tel Aviv airport
meanwhile Anthony blinkin is going to
land in Israel today he's going to be
meeting with the Palestinian president
tomorrow is what we're learning this as
the United Nations has said that more
than 3 lakh 38,000 people have been
displaced in
Gaza