well this is the first sign of progress
in quite some time on any talks towards
a truce or a ceasefire so it is a
positive sign in that there is movement
um we believe that Israel will be
sending the head of mosad to qat uh Doha
uh in uh on Sunday as early as that
that's according to the Reuters news
agency other sources too saying they
believe the Israeli delegation will
arrive on Sunday to give their response
to this opening hamus proposal now hamus
has modified its stance seemingly from
what it initially put down as its
opening Gambit in this round of talks so
it it's understood they are no longer
calling for a full Israeli Israeli
withdraw rule which Benyamin Netanyahu
had said was absurd um it's understood
that they would be looking for a phased
withdrawal of Israeli troops towards the
center of Gaza um after the initial
stage which would see the remaining
female Israeli hostages and the men who
are elderly um or or sick um to be
allowed to be transferred back into
Israel now all this of course comes with
a great deal of ifs it's really not
certain whether there will be an
agreement whether that will come anytime
soon whether the two sides in these
indirect talks can find any Common
Ground the US says it's pushing hard for
agreement here um Egypt as well and
Qatar um maintaining its role as a
mediator so there is movement here but
it's really not sure which way it will
go because meanwhile Israel is keeping
on the table the option of an offensive
into the southern city of RFA where
there are nearly one and a half million
people who've been crammed in there many
of them displaced several times Benin
Netanyahu said he has approved the
Israeli military's operational plans of
course we don't know what those are but
that's certainly going to be keeping the
pressure up during these negotiations