thank
you appreciate it this past Sunday
actually marked six months since Hamas
carried out an attack that resulted in
the most deadly day for Jews since the
Holocaust it's been six months since
amas broke a ceasefire to slaughter
innocent people in their homes rape
women kill children and parade their
victims through the streets it's been 6
months that an unknown number of Israeli
and American hostages have been held in
Gaza by Hamas but unfortunately over the
last 6 months the Democrat Party has
cemented its place as the pro- Hamas
party look no further than President
Biden giving Israel's ceasefire
ultimatums or Chuck Schumer calling for
new elections in Israel I should
probably be thinking about Gaza where
they haven't had one since
2006 this issue is simple it's a matter
of good versus evil and there is zero
room to equivocate so this week House
Republicans will once again give our
Democrat colleagues the opportunity to
correct their pramas record by voting in
favor of a common sense resolution that
opposes efforts to place one-sided
pressure on Israel with respect to Gaza
we already saw 194 house Democrats side
with Hamas by voting against critical
Israel Aid in November of last year 166
of them doubled down when given the
opportunity to correct their pramas
record in February I hope this time that
this time has that the time that has
passed has granted them the strength to
stand for what is right by voting in
favor of our resolution this week
regardless of what they decide Americans
can rest assured that House Republicans
support for our strongest Ally in the
Middle East will not waver and now I
yield to our leader Steve
SC thank you