7 weeks after Israeli forces
relentlessly bombarded Gaza a 4-day
truce shouldered on a hostage swap
between Israel and Hamas has come into
effect as the fighting comes to a halt
trucks of Aid will also be allowed into
the Gaza Strip through the rougher
Crossing as per reports a crucial point
in the truce agreement is to allow close
to 300 trucks worth of supplies
including food water and medicine for as
long as the temporary ceasefire lasts
this is the first substantial amount of
Aid that Israel has agreed to allow Into
The besieged Enclave however in the past
few weeks several countries have
extended a helping hand to the people of
Gaza Tura and Jordan were one of the
first Nations to deliver aid for Gaza
via Egypt now India has sent two batches
of Aid to Gaza so far the latest cash of
emergency supplies was delivered on the
19th of November a month after new daily
delivered the first batch of emergency
supplies to help Gaza battle a dire
humanitarian
crisis the humanitarian Aid s so far
includes wheat flour tins of tuna fish
and tomato paste for food boxes of
bottled water and medical supplies
including racings painkiller and
anesthetics to help the doctors perform
life-saving surgeries additionally
turkia has extended medical assistance
to Gaza by taking the terminally ill
patients who require intensive care the
decision was taken after hospitals in
Gaza crumbled under Israeli bombing and
ground
operations this in addition to dwindling
supplies across all hospitals in the
Gaza Street strip the volatility in the
region and a persistent diplomatic
deadlock over the siege of Gaza has
deterred a consistent flow of supplies
that meet the requirement for over 2
million civilians to stay
afloat with a 4-day truce now in the
picture it remains to be seen how much
Aid can trickle into the enclave and
whether it is enough to keep the people
afloat
[Music]
all