[Music]
while the investigation continues
Israeli security forces have entered the
town of yessir and the occupied West
Bank where the suspects are thought to
have come from say no word has more its
owner viata which is in Hebron province
in the occupied West Bank is under
lockdown as Israeli security forces try
to make sense what happened in Tel Aviv
on Wednesday nights we also understand
the Israeli authorities have revoked the
special permits that they've granted to
Palestinians primarily from the West
Bank but also from Gaza to come to
Jerusalem to pray during the holy month
of Ramadan these are precious permits
the Palestinians wait a full year to get
them eighty-three thousand of them were
granted and they've just been frozen as
a result of the attack in in Tel Aviv
now in Yatta Yatta itself has been
sealed off and the security services the
Israeli security services are trying to
figure out what exactly happened because
this attack has a different pattern than
the previous so-called Palestinian lone
wolf attacks on Israeli targets be they
settlers soldiers or civilians Israeli
civilians in this case weaponry was
involved uniforms were involved and
there's a suggestion that there may be
some more organization that it wasn't as
spontaneous as perhaps some of the other
attacks now the town of yata itself like
other towns in the in the Western beacon
is occupied these are small communities
that are isolated cut off from Israeli
settlements there isn't much there
aren't much jobs and yata itself is
known to have produced many Palestinian
construction workers Palestinian men who
work on neighboring settlements and in
east jerusalem on on construction sites
so we are waiting to hear more what the
investigation finds out and what how
exactly these two men were able to
organize this attack on the market in
tel aviv
you
[Music]