tensions are saring in Gaza as Israel
expands its ground operations in the
region in fact Israeli Prime Minister
Benin Nano says the war has entered a
new stage which will be long and
difficult Shin
reports the Israeli military continued
its ground operations in Gaza throughout
Sunday the Israel Defense Forces said it
destroyed hamus antank positions and
killed several gunmen on the Gaza coast
and at the border crossing since it
expanded its CR operations in Gaza on
Friday night the IDF has targeted
hamas's operatives and positions hitting
hundreds of underground tunnels and
Bonkers as the war rages Israel's
military in a televis briefing on Sunday
urged Palestinians in Gaza to evacuate
Northern regions calling it
urgent over the last two weeks we have
been calling on residents of the
northern Gaza Strip and Gaza City to
relocate Southward temporarily we are
today emphasizing that this is an urgent
call Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu also said the war against
Hamas has now entered a second stage and
warned it would be a tough
one the war inside the Gaza Strip will
be long and difficult and we are ready
for
it there having suggestions that the IDF
is now using Siege tactics on hamus
according to The Economist on Sunday the
IDF has now shifted its strategy to an
encirclement tactic and slower campaign
this comes according to the report as
the Israeli military reportedly set up a
base in Gaza on Friday unlike in
previous operations where they withdrew
from the strip
overnight this way Israel's invasion of
Gaza would be more gradual which could
help it avoid inflicting Mass civilian
casualties the British publication also
highlighted that the Strategic shift
aims to deplete essential supplies like
Fuel and food soared in Hama underground
tunnels and
bunkers citing a high-ranking Israeli
official The Economist said that this
ground operation could take up to a
year adang news