what you think it means
really well this is the first response
to the hamas's military Chief's call
early this morning for armed groups in
Lebanon to join the fighting with Israel
lebanon's Hezbollah is an ally of Hamas
in that statement it expressed support
to the Palestinian people as well as the
Palestinian armed groups at war with
Israel it also said that it is in direct
contact with the Hamas leadership and
that there is cooperation now these like
I said these two groups are allies so it
wouldn't be it wouldn't be a surprise
that there is ongoing cooperation but at
the same time Hezbollah stopped short of
saying whether or not it's going to join
the fight what it did say is it's
assessing the situation it also um you
know there was an implied threat if you
like to the Israeli government telling
the Israeli government understand what
has happened understand the implications
of what happened today so strong words
but stopping short of whether or not
hasbalah will join the fight it's not an
easy decision for Hezbollah to open a
new front from lebanon's Southern border
with Israel because yes hezbollah's
Arsenal has grown since the last war in
2006 Hezbollah has more more weapons
more advanced weapons Precision guided
missiles that can hit the heart of
Israeli cities and hezbollah's even has
even warned and threatened that its
troops will take the war to Israel and
the Battleground will no longer be just
Southern Lebanon but Israel can also
hurt this country Israel can also
destroy Lebanon and there are groups in
Lebanon political parties who do not
support Hezbollah and who do not support
hezbollah's actions and who believes
that this is not lebanon's war