tragic developments out of Gaza as
reports emerged that zomi francom a
43-year-old Aid worker of Indian descent
was among the six International Aid
workers with the world Central Kitchen
killed in an Israeli air strike she was
born to an Australian father and a miso
mother and was on a mission to provide
relief to the people of War torn
Northern Gaza when her Convoy she was
traveling in came under Fire late Monday
Australian prime minister Anthony
albanes has Dem handed full
accountability from the Israeli
government I expressed uh Australia's
anger and concern at the death of zie
frankcom uh zomi was an Australian a
worker uh working for the world Central
Kitchen uh when I spoke with uh the
Prime Minister I emphasized the
importance of full accountability and
transparency and prime minister
Netanyahu has committed uh to full
transparency about how this tragedy
could possibly have occurred I made
clear again uh that it is Australia's
view that humanitarian assistance must
Reach people in Gaza Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has
acknowledged that Israeli forces carried
out the strike that killed seven Aid
workers in Gaza meanwhile US President
Joe Biden has expressed outrage and
heartbreak with the debts of the
humanitarian workers stating that Israel
has not done enough to protect Aid
workers in the region the White House
released an official statement saying
that the debts of Aid workers have been
a challenge in providing humanitarian
Aid in Gaza and the US has repeatedly
urged Israel to deconflict their
military operations against Hamas with
humanitarian operations more than 200
Aid workers have been killed in this
conflict making it one of the worst for
Aid workers in recent history this
incident is emblematic of a larger
problem and evidence of why distribution
of Aid in Gaza has been so challenging
but what beyond the strike wood is clear
is that the IDF must do Much More Much
to must do much more to improve
deconfliction processes so that
civilians and humanitarian Aid workers
are protected the US will continue to
press Israel to do more as well to
ensure the safety of humanitarian
workers and will continue to do all we
can to deliver this assistance to
Palestinian civilians in Gaza thank
you
[Music]