[Music]
[Music]
for us is very important not only
because this is the first boat that is
going to arrive in
Gaza um via this Mar time Corridor
because uh we know there has been a
naval blockade from Israel since over 20
years ago so for us makes us really
really um happy and proud of of that
this is
happening
exan people children are being starved
death don't support the extermination of
pal people stop sending arms to Israel
stop supporting the starvation of
children children are being starved to
death today Israel and you also Stand
Accused of starving the Palestinian
children are you is Israel Starving
Children in Palestine or in Gaza you
know I think sen the reality is that
there are children who are starving and
but is Israel doing that they're
starving they're malnourished as a
result to the fact that humanitarian
assistance can't get to them it's very
difficult to distribute humanitarian in
assistance effectively unless you have a
ceasefire
[Music]
for
[Music]
I can't offer any timeline sadly at uh
at the moment situation is very
complicated on uh on the ground uh the
we are not near uh a deal meaning that
we are not seeing uh both sides
converging on uh on a language that can
uh resolve the you know the current
disagreements over the implementation of
of the deal but we remain hopeful and we
continue pushing for for a deal to
happen in in the near
future as I was just uh saying we were
all
hoping that uh the people of RZA can
receive the holy month of uh of Ramadan
with some notion of Peace some notion of
normaly and uh sadly we that did not
happen all of us were pushing towards uh
that happening before the beginning of
Ramadan however we had that did not
deter us from continuing uh the work and
the negotiations to reach a a deal
hopefully within uh the confines of uh
of
Ramadan
[Music]
[Music]