the Israel Defense Forces are now
operating deep inside the Gaza City and
we are showing you the visuals that how
the Gaza City is being taken on the
Target by the Israel side I'll request
my VJ to keep showing you the visuals
that these are the Flames that are
coming out from the uh establishment
that were being used by the is Hamas
terrorists to uh hide inside these
territories and now what is happening is
that they are now continuously being
targeted by the Israel Defense Forces as
we move closer to the area that is being
targeted by the Israel Defense Forces
there have been multiple places that are
now on the target of IDF the southern
Army Commander has made it amply clear
that for the first time in the decades
the Israel Defense Forces are now
operating deep inside the Gaza City and
they are carrying out the one of the
toughest challenge that is to strike the
enemy in the heart of Gaza City that
means the place which is considered as
the heart of terrorism is now on the
radar of the terrorist of the Israel
Defense Forces that is the terrorist of
Hamas and one more place that you can
see where the targets are being taken by
the Israel Defense Forces be it the Air
Force the Navy or the ground forces
everyone is taking part in this
operation these are the coordinated
operations that are being carried out so
as to ensure that the operation that was
launched on 27th of October that that is
on the Shabbat evening by the Israel
Defense Forces the ground operations
which are underway are now entering the
Gaza City which remains to be prime
target of the IDF for Republic media
Network gur simran Singh from Ground
Zero from the armest
[Music]
line
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]