it doesn't seem like there's any common
ground but behind closed doors mediators
between Israel and Hamas believe they're
making progress toward a new
truce I believe the proposal is a a
strong one um and uh a compelling one
that uh again offers some hope spy
Chiefs from Qatar Egypt Israel and the
US met in Paris over the weekend to
hammer out details of a new proposal it
includes a phase truce to secure the
release of the remaining hostages in
Gaza in exchange for renewed flows of
humanitarian aid for the strip starving
civilians we are hoping actually uh uh
to relay this proposal to Hamas and to
get them to a place where they engage
positively and constructively in the
process because we think that in
in in today's world I think that's the
only game in town now Hamas has
previously declared a lack of interest
in negotiations that don't include a
permanent ceasefire but with famine
disease and winter looming large gaza's
people are simply desperate for a
reprieve feel for us and stop the
gunfire enough we are so tired I swear
to God we are exhausted
we say to all parties in the conflict
resolve
it Israel is under similar pressure
Benjamin nety who rejected the last
truce over a clause that included
hamas's continued governance of The
Enclave in exchange for the release of
its captives that incense their families
who believe their prime minister is
putting his career over their loved ones
he said that we are going on with the
war as long as possible and we are we we
are not okay with it no we need the
hostages first first the hostages then
they can do whatever they want a
reckoning is brewing and both Time and
Patience are running out Isabella bull
trt world