Israel has given out a very assertive
statement against United Nations Chief
and there's a reason for that Israel's
Ono to the United Nations has to a
remark made by uh un Chief about the
incident the massacre and the
brutalities that happened on 7th October
are not in vacuum to that Israel had
said uh that reacting right away that by
this logic un Chief who was supposed or
un was supposed to be uh ensuring
atrocities do not happen un Chief needs
to resign how can the UN continue as an
institution when statements like that
are made basically giving you a
background United Nations Chief had said
that Hamas attacks are not in vacuum
Palestinians have suffocated for over 60
years Israel's Ambassador immediately
seeking UN General secretary's
uh resignation and said GATRA is not F
fit to lead the United Nations
anymore excellencies
it is important to also recognize the
attacks by amas did not happen in a
vacuum the Palestinian people have been
subjected to 56 years of suffocating
occupation they have seen their land
steadily divor by settlements and
plagued by violence their economy
stiffled their people displaced and
their homes
demolished their hopes for a political
solution to their plight have been
Vanishing when you say those terrible
words that these heinous attacks did not
happen in a vacuum you are tolerating
terrorism and by tolerating Terror
terrorism you are justifi justifying
terrorism Hamas as the minister
explained beheaded babies burned
families raped women
abducted kids babies Holocaust Survivors
and the SG is blaming the victim you are
blaming
Israel this is a pure blood liel this is
a pure blood liel and I think that the
Secretary General must resign because
from now on every day that he is here in
this building unless he apologizes
immediately today we called him to
apologize there's no justification to
the existence of this building