think
the process and that If
eventually
yes the United States engaged in good
faith on this text we propos language
with an eye toward a constructive
resolution that would have reinforced
the life-saving diplomacy we have
undertaken since October 7 increased
opportunities for humanitarian Aid to
enter Gaza encourage the release of
hostages and the resumption of
humanitarian pauses
and laid a foundation for a durable
peace
unfortunately nearly all of our
recommendations were ignored and the
result of this Rush process was an
imbalanced resolution that was divorced
from reality that would not move the
needle forward on the ground in any
concrete
way and so we regretfully could not
support
it
we call for further and longer pauses to
get Aid to Palestinians and allow space
for further hostage
releases but we cannot vote in favor of
a resolution which does not condemn the
atrocities Hamas committed against
innocent Israeli civilians on the 7th of
October call calling for a ceasefire
ignores the fact that Hamas has
committed acts of Terror and is still
holding civilians
hostage Israel needs to be able to
address the threat posed by Hamas and it
needs to do so in a manner that abides
by International humanitarian law so
that such attack can never be carried
out
again
we reject this result and will continue
resorting to every legitimate Avenue to
stop these abhorent atrocities including
resuming the emergency session of the
general
assembly seiz fire seiz fire
save
lives every further Day means lives lost
people killed at an unprecedented Pace
in m in modern history it means
barbarism prevailing and Humanity
abandoned Humanity must
prevail
spee