rage and horror pouring out on streets
across the Arab world thousands are
Marching in Beirut Cairo Tunis and in
other capitals across the
region they have no food or water and
they're getting bombed this is genocide
not war this is a crime we must find a
solution the alah Arab hospital is the
latest civilian facility to be hit
during Israel's ongoing Onslaught on
Gaza survivors of the attack describe
how the aftermath presented a scene of
horror I was sitting in the afternoon
with my family suddenly and without
warning an F-16 rocket hit the place
people were spread outside in the
gardens and under the trees suddenly
everything went black bodies and blood
all around heads were cut off this is a
crime which no one can imagine it's a
crime against
humanity the scenes have ignited already
boiling emotions across the world
especially in Arab speaking
countries clashes took place between
police and demonstrators in Beirut after
hundreds marched on the US Embassy to
protest us support for
Israel America is the is the devil the
real devil because they supported Israel
and then all the world is blind you see
you don't see what happened yesterday on
before and before Israel take more
aggressive because they supported from
America what the USA this a shame
thousands also protested in Baghdad and
earlier in Aman while protesters marched
across the occupied West Bank in
solidarity with those killed in Gaza but
Israel has refused to accept
responsibility that's been accepted by
US President Joe Biden who backed the
claims after he met Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu but Biden also said he intends
to try and get Israel to let Aid in
through Egypt's Rafa Crossing to the
distraught people of Gaza the UN has
also called for an immediate
humanitarian ceasefire it may not be
enough to calm emotions after the latest
atrocity Arab leaders have dismissed
Israel's claim and canceled the summit
with President Biden and Iran and
Hezbollah have threatened allout
military
retaliation experts say pressure is now
Rising on the Arab League and the
organization of Islamic countries to
harden their stance against Israel's
continuing War on Gaza as protests are
now increasing in many Muslim countries
to try and stop the killings Shu Hassan
trt
world