according to the latest exit polls
former Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu is on calls for victory in the
elections the polls which forecast the
outcome before the election results give
his right-wing block a slim majority of
seats over his opponents exit polls in
Israel suggest netanyahu's right-wing
block will command 61 or 62 of the
knessets 122 seats according to these
polls netanyahu's liquid party stands to
be the biggest party with 30 or 31 seats
however the final results are expected
only later this week
[Music]
thank you
according to projections extreme Right
leader itamur bin kivir will be key in
helping Netanyahu return to power with
his religious Zionism block on track for
an estimated 14 seats meanwhile the
current incumbent
it's stopped sort of conceding defeat in
Tuesday's elections and said he would
wait until the final results were
announced
foreign
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
s have expressed disappointment over the
Israeli elections as the examples
suggests netanyahu's
imminent return to power
service
[Music]
and for more on the story I
correspondent Judy Gohan earlier sent us
this report
the exit polls came in Tuesday night and
all suggested a narrow win for former
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu it is
important to remember that exit polls
aren't always accurate in the 1996
election for instance exit polls
predicted a win for Shimon Perez but the
official results showed that Netanyahu
had actually won and with the Arab
nationalist ballad party so close to the
threshold the official results could
still change we won't know the final
results until Wednesday or even Thursday
this is Jody Cohen for we on world as
one
foreign
[Music]