AF
as we have looked at the sufferings of
the pal
Palestinians we have seen similar
features of what the Palestinians are
going through as what we as South
Africans go through went
through the convention embodied a new
Global commitment to ensure that never
again should any person endure the
horror of
genocide sadly we are in danger of
forgetting the dark lessons of the
past
I think what lawyers and billions of
people all over the world and states in
the global South and in the East have
come to realize is that we cannot trust
we cannot wait for and we cannot count
on it number one Western institutions be
they American Canadian or european and
we cannot count on the UN or the ICC to
really take an active role in stopping
this genocide that is happening before
our very eyes what really needs to
happen first is an understanding that
what has been happening in Palestine has
been an incremental genocide since 1948
so when that convention against genocide
is invoked it should date back to the
time when the incremental genocide began
there is no shortage of statements of
intent to genocide Palestinians who do
not AC acques with these universally
recognized war crimes and recognized war
crimes specifically Visa the
Palestinians through various un
resolutions
we're watching South Africa and I
believe there will be other governments
who are looking at the
icj and the icj the international court
of justice is more responsive to the UN
General Assembly than it is to the UN
Security Council um which allows space
for the the states of the global South
and the East to actually bring cases
before it and issue decisions which
could then also be used both in domestic
courts National courts in each of the
countries but also used to pressure the
ICC as well to bring cases it is very
important that people across the world
whose countries are party to the
convention on genocide to demand Lobby
and Advocate that their governments
invoke the convention against genocide
in the
UN