once again bridges are bent and gazans
are back to mourning the dead Allah
addas lost his two daughters Iman and
Dana in one of the recent Israeli
attacks that targeted and killed Islamic
Jihad leaders he says then I was soon to
be married and never thought the joy
they all awaited would quickly turn into
a tragedy
I have now lost my daughters I wonder
what danger these girls pose to the
occupation the only threat they posed is
that they were citizens of Gaza I hope
that my voice will reach the whole world
what have we done to deserve to be
killed
Palestinian joint room of resistance
factions the umbrella with 13 factions
including Hamas and Islamic Jihad
claimed responsibility for the rocket
firing and as the fighting continues it
seems that hundreds of Palestinian
Rockets fired toward Israeli towns have
also brought Israelis lives to a halt
I am in favor of that every citizens
feels protected no one wants a war but
if you need a war to reach calmness or
peace then beat
I felt frustrations for years already to
a point I feel indifferent today Israel
says the continuation of the fight is a
possibility they are prepared for my
instruction is for us to be prepared
both for the possibility of further
campaign expansion and for tough blows
now and in the future all in all I think
we have the upper hand here and you are
obviously in the midst of this battle
and I appreciate your support and Firm
Stance
years of the Israeli blockade and
recurrent military escalations have
always caused Gaza Medical Services to
lose much of its capacity to deal with
large numbers of injuries and with the
only two Crossings between Gaza and
Israel still closed Health officials
here say things are worsening the
ongoing Israeli aggression which
continues for the second day coincides
with the Israeli blockade imposed on
Gaza this has led to an acute shortage
of 40 of essential medicines 32 of
medical consumables and 60 of laboratory
supplies and blood banks in addition
Israeli occupation prevents the entry of
diagnostic medical devices into gaza's
hospitals