now from the Israel Hamas War the
reports that have come in and the latest
while conflict simmers across the West
Asia region we will tell you what's
happening on ground in Gaza where
Israeli Onslaught shows no signs of a
baiting and Israeli leaders insist for
the war to continue until goals are
achieved we're absolutely committed to
achieving our war games that is
destroying our war goals destroying
Kamas releasing our hostages making sure
Gaza doesn't become a threat again and
also uh making sure that we can return
our citizens in the north and in the
South and for that we'll apply maximum
power with maximum
Precision everywhere that's
needed the Israeli military says that it
raed a Hamas military compound along the
Central Coast of Gaza Strip in the last
24 hours it also destroyed a tunnel
Network it said which was stretched for
hundreds of meters
the military said that one of the
tunnels led to a facility that was used
by Hamas to manufacture weapons guarded
by blast prooof doors and were booby
trapped on the other hand Hamas has
released footage showing members of its
military Wing fighting Israeli vehicles
and Soldiers on the outskirts of the
Gaza City in the
North
now tensions escalate on the Israel
Lebanon por Israeli troops have
heightened their Readiness for war
across all border
areas meanwhile the latest shelling in
Khan unit which killed at least 14
Palestinians includes nine children
cousins living in refugee camps say that
Israeli Jets and tanks have bombarded
three refugee camps in central Gaza and
this has prompted many civilians to head
south Israeli raids are intensifying in
West Bank Amit the Kaza war and members
of Israel's Security Forces took
position during a raid at the Nur Shams
camp for Palestinian refugees near the
city of tulam the Israeli military says
it Arrested 29 people during overnight
operations in the area and confiscated
weapons and
ammunitions
[Music]