there are new worldwide calls for an
independent investigation into a deadly
incident in Gaza some are calling it a
massacre others saying it was a
necessary response journalist Sarah
Coats joins us now from Tel Aviv so
Sarah lots of international reaction
here what is the situation on the
ground um the morning like it is
absolutely shocking according to the
World Health Organization every Lifeline
to Gaza has basically been cut off at
really shows that when Aid hits the
ground the chaos it causes simply due to
the desperation of these people I'll
bring you some of this reaction Canada
is calling it a nightmare Australia is
horrified China is shocked Saudi Arab
Arabia it is urging the International
Community to take a Firm Stance by
obliging Israel to respect International
humanitarian law uh Israel says though
that these deaths were mainly caused by
trampling and crowding but it is
admitting that troops did open fire on a
number of these people as they
approached these Aid convoys uh killing
some of these people so this is
certainly extremely worrying and as you
did mention growing calls for an
independent
investigation and Sarah hostage release
negotiations continue between the two
sides are we any closer though to
reaching some sort of
agreement certainly appears as though
they may have been derailed with heard
from US President Biden he spoke in the
wake of this attack he says that he
knows the a convoy incident will
complicate negotiations but as we speak
the families of these hostages they are
Marching to Jerusalem let's take a
listen to what one of those has to say I
think everything President Biden can do
to help us is is is amazingly because
right now this is our only our only hope
and we really really really need any
help that we can the government here
does not put the hostages on its
front concern it's it's it's horrible
the American Administration is sometimes
more committed to the situation than the
Israeli
one Toby in Jerusalem tomorrow with a
massive demonstration
planned Sarah thank you for this
journalist Sarah codes for us in Tel
Aviv