in Gazza mothers with their children
wait desperately for a turn to see a
doctor their children are not ill but
dying from
Hunger a month and a half ago this
baby's weight was 7.5 kilos in a month
and a half he's lost Lally 2 kilos his
weight now is 5 and a half the mother
and the baby suffer from malnutrition no
milk is available which all impacts on
the growth of the baby he's lost two
kilos
this is bad it impacts his immunity he
constantly has inflammation in the chest
and
gastroenteritis miraculously surviving
more than 3 months of war and
displacement mothers like shuruk are
desperately trying to get their kids the
nutrition they
need Everything's changed I used to feed
them eggs and potatoes for breakfast I
used to cook meat at lunch I used to
feed them cooked vegetables now there's
only canned food including tuna caned
beef and beans it's all full of
preservatives it impacts children their
intelligence and their immunity
breastfeeding mothers cannot find food
to feed their babies the UN and other
agencies warn the situation in gazza's
North is far
worse gaz's Health Ministry said at
least 20 people were killed and more
than 100 injured by Israeli fire as Aid
was distributed in the zetuna
neighborhood all the talk about Aid is
in vain we don't receive anything these
are empty words even when there is news
that there is a bag of flour at Saladin
it is not available they throw a bag of
flour near the Army and when we go to
collect it the Army fire at us there
were more than 15 matters the United
Nations International children's
emergency fund says that in the coming
weeks more than 10,000 children in Gaza
will be at risk of wasting a serious
condition of malnutrition whereby they
will experience stunted growth and brain
development o deito trt
world