prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu is
pushing back against us officials who
are demanding that he do more to protect
civilians in Gaza Chris Liv has more
from Tel
Aviv with tens of thousands dying in
Gaza both from combat and from Hunger
the United States is losing patience
last week Senate Majority Leader Chuck
Schumer stunned Israel calling for new
elections here prime minister Netanyahu
has lost his way now the Israeli leader
has shot back at the 's highest ranking
Jewish elected official I think
Schumer's statements are wholly
inappropriate I think we're not a Banana
Republic the people of Israel will
choose when they'll have elections who
they elect and it's not something that
will be foed upon us the Biden
Administration has also caution Israel
against an offensive on the southern
city of Rua a stronghold of Hamas
Fighters but also a refuge to more than
a million people we're uh Within Reach
we should do it uh we're going to do it
while we enable the the civilian
population in Rafa to leave as we've
done up to now but we have to finish the
job this morning in an ongoing operation
Israel says it's captured more than 80
Fighters at gaza's Al shifa Hospital
sources on the ground tell CBS news that
30,000 displaced people are currently
Sheltering at the hospital complex plus
dozens of patients and Medical
Teams the humanitarian cost of the war
and more than 100 hostages still in
Hamas captivity for 5 months are too
much to tolerate for these Israeli
protesters who share America's growing
frustration with the war this has
elections now uh I believe
that after such a disaster even if you
don't think Benjamin nany is directly
responsible because of the fact that he
is our prime minister I think he should
step down now that doesn't mean the
Israeli public is against the war in
fact the majority support it but the
majority doesn't support prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu the October 7 attacks
and kidnappings happened on his watch
and for that some say he has blood on
his hands Nate Chris Liv saying Israel
thank you