string of errors that led to the killing
of seven Aid workers has drawn outrage
across the world this is what the IDF
says happened on Monday the 1st of April
a map they have provided us shows at 1
p.m. eight lorries of aid from the world
Central Kitchen move from their Pier to
a warehouse and dear albala the aid
workers are following in three vehicles
traveling south down this Coastal Road
in Gaza the IDF claims at 28 minutes
past 10 a drone operator spots an armed
individual on top of one of the lores he
seen opening fire its thought to keep a
crowd back the Convoy continues to the
hanger where they drop off a 100 tons of
Aid it's at this point the group splits
one vehicle heads North carrying men
believ to be armed the three cars
carrying the aid workers head south back
to the coastal Road it's here when the
IDF says a drone operator mistakenly
believes one of the passengers is
carrying a weapon the first missile hits
at 11:09 p.m. two passengers scene
running out at 1111 a second missile is
launched without additional order to
strike it hits the second vehicle and
pierces through the Charity's logo on
top of the car the IDF calls this a
grave mistake some of the passengers are
still alive and they run towards the
Third vehicle 2 minutes later the IDF
says a third and final strike hits the
remaining car and all seven Aid workers
are killed the vehicles were traveling
through a deconflict Zone Sky's analysis
has verified where the vehicles were in
the aftermath of the attack here
highlighted in yellow these are
different and further apart compared to
where the IDF says the strikes took
place these are still so many unanswered
questions though including who was
traveling in which car and why they
fired on vehicles that didn't contain
the suspected armed person the IDF says
they are responsible for the deaths
which include three British Nationals
the United States Israel's biggest Ally
says they need to proactively protect
and Aid civilians or risk a change in US
policy these are the new routs that
Israel has agreed to open shipments will
now be allowed to come in via the port
of ashdod and enter Gaza through Kim
Shalom and eras Crossings all of which
have been closed since October the 7th
movement that's all been prompted by
events this week but when they'll be
open and how long for we're yet to know