we start with US President Joe Biden's
visit to Tel Aviv to show solidarity
with Israel the visit comes after The
Daily Hospital bombing in Gaza which
President says appears to have been done
by an Islamic terror group back in
Israel's claims that it is not behind
the blast meanwhile upon B's request
Israel will allow Aid into Gaza through
the border with Egypt ponu has the
details following talks between US
President Joe Biden and Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Wednesday
the prime minister's office announced it
would not prevent aid from entering Gaza
through its border with Egypt the office
stressed that relief should only reach
civilians in Gaza adding food water and
medicine will be the only supplies
allowed through it also said it would
maintain a blockade of humanitarian aid
from Israel into Gaza until hostages
being held by Hamas are released Egypt
announced on Thursday that it would
allow sustainable passage for Aid to
cross through its border with Gaza as
hundreds of Aid trucks have been waiting
to go through and despite a US veto of a
UN resolution condemning all violence
against civilians in the war between
Israel and Hamas and urging humanitarian
aid for Gaza Biden followed up talks
with Netanyahu with the pledge to
support both Israel and Gaza he said he
is considering a supplementary request
to Congress for some 100 billion US for
defense assistance with some of those
funds to be used for Israel Andy also
said he would send around $100 million
in humanitarian Aid to Gaza regarding
the deadly explosion at the Ali Arab
Hospital in Gaza on Tuesday Biden said
that it appears Israel was not
responsible for the blast according to a
National Security Council spokesperson
the assessment that another Palestinian
militant group caused the explosion was
made based on data including intell Ence
missile activity and open-source video
and images of the
incident meanwhile also on Wednesday the
US Treasury Department announced
sanctions against nine individuals in
one entity in places including Gaza
Sudan and Qatar over suspicions they
have links to Hamas treasury secretary
Janet yelen noted the United States is
taking Swift and decisive action to
Target hamas's financiers and
facilitators following its brutal and
unconscionable Massacre of Israeli
civilian
including children ponu news