Israel prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
has said any escalation by armed groups
in Gaza will be met through the crushing
response these hours after a salvo of
airstrikes hit Gaza on Tuesday three
commanders of armed groups and 12
civilians were killed including children
foreign
he spoke to the Press after holding a
security cabinet meeting in Tel Aviv
here's what he said
foreign
foreign
Palestine violence over the last year
has escalated tensions in West Bank and
Jerusalem firing has also escalated
across the heavily fortified Gaza border
more than 100 Palestinians and at least
19 Israelis and foreigners have been
killed in violence since January
[Music]
thank you
and for more on this we are now being
joined by our correspondent Jody Cohen
from ranana Israel hi Jody the Prime
Minister says our principle is sharp and
clear whoever Hearts us we had them with
excessive force are there any new
developments so far from your end
hi Eric so I would describe the night as
being a tenth calm we haven't seen
further Rockets fired from Gaza into
Israel officials estimate another rocket
barrage into Israel is only a matter of
time or some sort of other attack on
Tuesday evening the IDF says that they
struck an anti-tank missile cell in Gaza
as the cell Was preparing to carry out
an attack on Israel's border and defense
minister begallons on Tuesday held a
conference call with the Mayors across
the south of the country and said that
they should be prepared for a possible
prolonged conflict now the Coalition and
the opposition Party heads and president
herzl are all supporting this operation
on the other hand the Palestinian
Authority and the number of Arab
countries including the UAE have
condemned the operation Hezbollah and
Hamas have expressed solidarity with
Islamic Jihad now remember all three
have been prescribed as a terror
organization by several countries and
don't recognize Israel and hamas's warns
that Israel will see a unified response
from all factions on all fronts and
their statements specifically refers to
the Jerusalem day traditional flag March
that has been planned for next Thursday
in Jerusalem
Jody Cohen and correspondent in Israel
thank you Jody for talking to us today
thank you
Leon is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move
[Music]