s is a ball of energy coaching Ahmed
with a big smile sometimes she's a bit
late or her schedule is all over the
place but her trainees understand and
support
her we will keep practicing until we
reach our goal we will stay with Coach
saana sa faces numerous challenges
particularly on her journey home to the
Village of singel where a large dirt
Mound acts as a barrier put there by the
Israeli Army that forces her to take a
longer M route this obstacle along with
the checkpoint doubles her travel time
exacerbating the difficulties she
encounters every day time is crucial for
her as she rushes home before Darkness
Falls I used to leave the house half an
hour ago to work but now it takes more
time as the distance is 3 km and I have
to walk through a dirt Roo my work my
life my appointments and the daily
obligations that I have to do at home
have been affected I have become unable
to go out of the house in the afternoon
because this dirt road is very
dangerous Senna a coach and mother of
four faces the challenge of raising two
teenager who have become virtual
prisoners in their own home the strict
rule requires everyone to be home before
dark at night you don't know who you'll
meet under Road either the settlers or
the Army we have seen the Army here more
than once so there is no safety and
there is fear s and her community face
frequent attacks and harassment from
settlers who engage in harmful
activities such as chasing and shooting
at resident for amusement before it get
dark s had to make sure that all of her
sons are home and they're living in a
curfew not a formal one but a one
imposed by those settlements surrounding
her house and this Earth and barrier
that was put by the Israeli forces for
the security of the settlements around
the only cars that you're going to see
moving on this road is only Settler's
car and it's another form of appetite
that flipped s and her family's life
upside down from the village of SEL Al
One trt World occupied West
[Music]
Bank