6 months into the ongoing war and there
are definite signals that the conflict
has expanded Beyond being only about
Israel and Hamas the Israeli bombing of
the Iranian Embassy in Syria has of set
off a wave of tensions in the region
after the hisbah chief warn of revenge
against a suspected Israeli attack on
the Iranian Embassy in Syria a top
Iranian military commander has renewed
calls to
hitback uh
the warnings has put Israel and its
longtime Ally the US on a high alert
according to reports the US is preparing
for a possible attack by Iran targeting
Israeli or American ass Assets in the
region America has picked up
intelligence that Iran is planning a
retaliatory attack that would include a
swarm of Shahed loitering drones and
cruise missiles officials say the timing
and Target are
unknown but a proportional response to
the Damascus attack would be to hit an
Israeli diplomatic
facility the attack is likely to come
between now and the end of Ramadan next
week at the same same time Israel has
also increased its security alert to the
highest
level according to reports in Israel has
initiated an urgent evacuation of its
consulates the precautionary measure
includes relocating some Israeli
diplomatic representatives to safer
locations and also advising against the
organization of Hosting any kind of
public events the decision taken by us
and Israel comes on the backdrop of a
rich
message where Iran has asked the US to
step aside if it does not want to get
dragged into Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin netanyahu's trap as the country
prepares a response to a suspected
Israeli attack on its Embassy in Syria
while Hezbollah its main proxy in West
Asia has warned Israel that it is
prepared for a war in an address to the
supporters to Mark aloud's day the
militant group's leader said that the
matter of violating Iranian sovereignity
is above all political differences he
says they support Iran's rights to
punish Israel while also stating that a
response was
coming the issue of the Iranian
consulate is a turning point in the
events that occurred from October 7th
till today be certain be sure that the
Iranian response to the targeting of
Consulate in Damascus is definitely
coming against his
[Music]
Israel