Israel appears to be preparing for an
invasion of the Gaza City of
Rafa the Israeli military has amassed
dozens of tongues and armed Vehicles
along its border with Southern Gaza the
tongues were stationed near Israel's Kim
Shalom Crossing which is next to Rafa
after more than 6 months of the war
Israeli leaders say Rafa is hamas's last
stronghold in Gaza despite widespread
International opposition prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu has vowed to invade
the City remember more than half of
gaza's population over 1.4 million
people are currently in Rafa they're
facing the threat of an Israeli
operation but Israel says it is working
on a plan to evacuate civilians before
carrying out any operation in the city
our correspondent Jordi Kohan as
well so doons of Israel Defense Force
vehicles are said to be lined up on the
southern Gaza border Egypt's
intelligence Chief led a delegation in
Tel Aviv on Friday for talks about a
potential hostage deal and that's after
the war cabinet convened to discuss the
hostage negotiations and potential Raffa
operation and US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin is expected in Israel on
Tuesday again to discuss the potential
Rafa operation and hostage deal now
Hamas has said that there'll be no
hostage release without an end to the
war and said that the US pressure has no
value according to reports Egypt has
agreed to put more pressure on Hamas to
accept the deal Israel's report
discussing a limited Proposal with Hamas
releasing 33 hostages and according to a
source Israel is willing to reassess the
Rafa operation as part of a hostage
release deal and a Us official has said
that Israel has also agreed to
unrestricted return of Palestinians to
Northern Gaza and Israel has reportedly
said that this is the last chance for
Hamas to accept a deal before Israel
would go into Rafa for all the latest
news download the weon app And subscribe
to our YouTube channel