the Israeli military is battling their
way into the heart of the main city in
the southern Gaza Strip on Sunday this
video released by the Israeli military
on Sunday shows what it says is action
from their ground and aerial offensive
in
Gaza the air rumbled with constant
explosions and thick Columns of white
smoke Rose over canun which is
Sheltering hundreds of thousands of
civilians who fled to other parts of the
Enclave residents said tanks had reached
the main North South Road after intense
combat through the night in the city's
NASA Hospital streams of casualties were
brought in on
Sunday this man said his son had been
shot by a
sniper militant group Islamic Jihad AI
to gaza's Hamas rulers said its Fighters
were battling Israeli forces in the area
both sides also reported heavy fighting
in the north of the Gaza Strip Drone
footage shot by Israel's channel 12 news
on December 8 show the destruction of
Gaza City at an International Conference
in dohaqatar Arab foreign ministers
criticized the United States for vetoing
a un Security Council resolution on
Friday which demanded a humanitarian
ceasefire un Secretary General Antonio
gues also spoke in the conference and I
reiterated my appeal for a humanitarian
ceasefire to be
declared regrettably the security
Council failed to do it but that does
not make it less necessary so I can
promise I will not give up at a cabinet
briefing on Sunday Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu described
International cause to end the Gaza War
as inconsistent with supporting the war
aim of eliminating Hamas
M Israel vowed to annihilate Hamas who
have ruled Gaza since 200 7 after
militants Rampage through Israeli towns
on October 7th according to Israeli
talles some 1,200 people were killed and
240 were taken
hostage