now to the race to negotiate a ceasefire
between Israel and Hamas with the holy
month of Ramadan less than a week away
now President Biden increasing pressure
for a ceasefire in Gaza but what Hamas
is now saying tonight ABC's Tom Sufi
Burge from the region again
tonight tonight time running out to
reach a deal for a ceasefire in Gaza
with President Biden saying Israel has
made a quote rational offer and now it's
down to Hamas the hostage deal is in the
hands of Hamas right now today Hamas
saying it will not accept an agreement
without the complete withdrawal of
Israeli troops Israel refusing instead
offering a six- we ceasefire with 40
hostages freed in return for the release
of hundreds of Palestinian prisoners
President Biden warning of the potential
for further violence if the war
continues during Ramadan which begins at
the end of this week Israel and
Jerusalem again together could be very
very dangerous today Israel's prime
minister hoping to dial down tensions
announcing they won't restrict the the
access of worshippers into the alaxa
mosque in Jerusalem during the start of
Ramadan today more us and Jordanian
airdrops 36,000 meals this time into
Northern Gaza where the UN says hundreds
of thousands of people are on the brink
of famine Israel saying more Aid trucks
are getting in insisting Distributing
the aid inside Gaza is the real problem
even though people are potentially
starving on the ground you don't have
the ability to get the aid to people
quickly in a mass way the
needs to increase its capability of
Distributing the aid so that more Aid
can reach the different parts of the
Gaza Strip and David President Biden
saying we'll know in a couple of days if
a deal is going to happen talks
involving Hamas are set to continue in
Cairo tomorrow David Tom Sufi Burge
tonight Tom thank you hi everyone George
Stephanopoulos here thanks for checking
out the ABC News YouTube channel if
you'd like to get more videos show
highlights and watch live event coverage
click on the right over here to
subscribe to our Channel and don't
forget to download the ABC News app for
breaking news alerts thanks for
watching