on the eve of the 1967 war the Middle
East was a different place there were
only 2.7 million people living in Israel
the West Bank was controlled by Jordan
the Gaza Strip by Egypt and Syria had
the Golan Heights but by the end of the
war Israel had captured all this
territory as well as the Sinai Peninsula
from Egypt as the war broke out Israeli
forces fought their way into East
Jerusalem they occupied this city
today Israeli nationalists celebrated as
the unification of East and West
Jerusalem
in 1967 Palestinian houses were
destroyed to make room for the plaza in
front of the Western Wall it gave Jewish
people more room to pray and it's become
a place for the Israeli state to hold
functions it's also a symbol of what it
claims is it's undivided capital
but Palestinians have nothing to
celebrate when they remember what
happened in 1967 Donatella Cassidy
bouyon yes yeah yadi I was 13 years old
I remember it well it was a Monday they
came in at night from the eastern gate
the dung gate they came in with
bulldozers and cars they gave us a
warning of 15 minutes to evacuate the
houses without us taking anything with
us
for Palestinians it marked the beginning
of a half-century of occupation
house demolitions arrest and the
colonization of the West Bank in
ever-expanding Israeli settlements there
are now more than 400,000 settlers
living on Palestinian land and as israel
reflects on the cost of their expanded
territory
palestinians will remember their losses
the failure of the Oslo peace accords a
siege on Gaza and three wars and while
both sides and the international
community talk about a final settlement
to the conflict that day is further away
than ever