the international court of justice has
delivered its ruling in the Israel
genocide case the icj has directed the
Israeli government to abide by the
conventions of International Convention
on genocide it has directed Israel to
prevent loss of life ensure no direct
incitement of violence takes place
against Palestinians and immediate
Provisions are made to ensure the
delivery of Aid the icj however did not
accept South Africa's call for an
immediate suspension order for Israel
ongoing operations in Gaza while icj's
provisional order did not call for a
ceasefire its strong worded order is
being seen as a condemnation of Israel's
position starting the proceedings judge
Don Hugh mentioned that Hamas attacks on
Israel that killed over 1,200 Israelis
and other foreign Nationals she
acknowledged the extent of human tragedy
unfolding in the region and express
concern about the continuing loss of
life in human suffering thereafter the
icj acknowledged that allegations
against Israel fall within the
provisions of the genocide convention it
further admitted that sufficient
evidence of dispute exists for a
genocide case and that it will not throw
the case away as argued by Israel out of
the Court's 17 judge panels 16 judges
were present in the session the ruling
did not specifically deal with the core
accusations of the case which is whether
or not genocide has been committed by
Israel instead the provisional ruling
focuses on the Urgent intervention
sought by South Africa South Africa has
brought the case accusing Israel of
breaching the 1948 un genocide
convention according to the Gaza Health
authorities run by Hamas more than
25,000 people have died in the Gaza
Strip since
October the real issue all your
questions are about Israel but the real
issue is the people of Palestine who are
being killed every day the people of
Palestine who are sleeping in the cat
the people of Palestine who are denying
food water and energy that is the
critical issue that all of us should
focus
[Music]
upon