Hamas claims three sons of one of their
top leaders have been killed in an
Israeli air strike Hamas has accused
Israel of operating in the spirit of
Revenge and
murder ish is really one of the two the
two main leaders of of Hamas you've got
Han who is based outside of Gaza um so
of heads up he's the supreme leader of
Hamas internationally he's actually in
Exile in Doha and then you have yaha
sinoa who is the leader of Hamas within
G itself uh Haner very very senior
figure being front and center for a lot
of the negotiations towards a potential
new ceasefire deal but today he has
confirmed that the IDF have killed three
of his sons and uh some of his
grandchildren as well in an air strike
in Gaza in Gaza City in the refugee camp
where they lived where Han himself uh
used to live before he went into Exile
now
the assumption is that this is designed
to put pressure on Hamas to agree to a
new hostage deal the word on the street
and what I've been hearing over the last
36 hours or so is that Hamas are
inclined to reject a new cefi deal
because quite honestly they think they
are in uh the driving seat at the moment
they don't see what there is to be
gained by agree to a c deal right now
because particularly take a couple of
aspects one the Israelis have withdrawn
all of their troops from Southern Gaza
leaving only a small Force inside Gaza
so the military pressure has come off
Hamas but also uh as a result of
increased International pressure
particularly following the world Central
Kitchen deaths there's been a lot more
humanitarian Aid going into Gaza as well
so at the moment what we're hearing is
Hamas are not going to agree to a
ceasefire deal so the killing of Han's
children is being seen as a way of
Israel trying to reassert that military
pressure