[Music]
these Palestinian children will need to
learn fast this could be their final
class their school and the Bedouin in
homes that surrounded have been told by
Israeli military commanders that they're
to be demolished it'll affect us on so
many levels mostly the children they now
fear the sound of any car they think
their civil administration officials are
here for demolition it's like living in
a constant war a battlefield the Israeli
government sent demolition notices and
pulled down more than a thousand
Palestinian structures last year in the
occupied West Bank the UN says that's
the highest number of demolitions since
it began collecting statistics seven
years ago the official Israeli
justification is usually that the
Bedouin have built homes without permits
here activists say it's just cover for a
plan to prevent the formation of a
Palestinian state it's cutting a wedge
through the West Bank cutting off the
south from the center it will be
judaized all the way from Jerusalem up
here down to Jericho down there and with
the wall around this whole region once
the Bedouins are off this land it
becomes Jewish only and no access to
Jerusalem for Palestinians the more than
40 demolition notices served on Hanah
ACMA make it one of the biggest
operations the Israeli military has
planned in recent years Israeli
authorities say there are more than 12
and a half thousand outstanding
demolition orders some of them issued as
far back as the late 1980s they've got
no expiry date and can be implemented at
any time it makes an already precarious
existence more unpredictable the UN says
that evicting these communities
contravenes israel's obligations as an
occupying power under international law
Burnitz met al jazeera in the occupied
West Bank