meanwhile back here in the UK the Prime
Minister Rishi sunak has condemned the
attacks well let's speak to our
political correspondent Tamara Cohen who
joins us now uh Tamara what has been the
reaction of the Prime Minister that's
right we've heard from the prime
minister in the last few moments and
he's issued a statement which condemns
the attack and is supportive of Israel
this is what he says I condemn in the
strongest terms the Iranian regime's
Reckless attack against Israel Iran has
once again demonstrated he says that it
is intent on sewing chaos in its own
backyard the UK will continue to stand
up for Israel's security and that of our
regional Partners including Jordan and
Iraq alongside our allies we are
urgently working to stabilize the
situation and prevent further escalation
no one wants to see more Bloodshed he
says in that statement I think Following
on from what James was saying yes the US
will be considering what the next steps
are and I'm sure uh Richi sunak or
perhaps the foreign secretary Lord
Cameron will be speaking to their us
counterparts in the coming hours about
what role Britain might play of course
uh Britain does have military bases uh
in Cyprus we haven't had any kind of
operational update as yet as to what the
UK's involvement might be all that is
still it seems under discussion and we
haven't had any calls uh confirmed
between Street in the white house as yet
but Richi sunak statement uh before
we've heard from other Western leaders
we haven't yet heard from Emanuel macron
for example um clearly uh say echoing
the US in being supportive of Israel and
saying that Iran threatens to escalate
the situation in a very dangerous way
and suggesting that the UK could play an
active role in trying to calm tensions
you'll know that Rishi sunak when he's
given statements to Parliament uh about
the houthis and the UK's air strikes
against the houthis has talked about
Iranian influence in the region and his
concerns about it and I think we we'll
be hearing more from him along those
lines in the next few hours