the crisis over unrwa funding continues
as several key donor countries to the UN
agency refused to review their decision
at least 11 countries had earlier said
they would halt funding and this
decision follows Israeli charges that
some unrwa staff took part in hamas's
October 7th attack unrwa has fired a
several staff and promised a thorough
investigation into the claims which were
not specified Israel has vowed to stop
the agencies work in Gaza after the war
observers and Aid workers said that the
move by the donors would exacerbate
hunger and even before the conflict
unrwa was struggling to secure funding
and warned that it was on the verge of
collapse many of its 13,000 staff
members are refugees themselves and at
least 150 have been killed since the
Israel Hamas conflict began Egyptian
foreign minister said that he was
surprised by this move to pause unrwa
funding and said that it would lead to
more suffering for Palestinians the
Cairo based Arab League said that the
suspension of funding aims to abandon
relief efforts for millions of
Palestinian refugees the Turkish foreign
Ministry also urged countries that had
paused funding to reconsider their move
Palestinian Authority president mmud
Abbas accused Israel of leading an
oppressive campaign against the agency
he said and I quote here the campaign
aims to liquidate the issue of pal
Palestinian refugees senior Hamas
official said that the Israeli
accusations against unrwa were a
challenge to the international court of
justice decision now remember on Friday
the world court ordered Israel to
prevent acts of genocide in Gaza and
Israel has been strongly critical of the
United Nations and in particular Antonio
gues since early in the war Israel's
then foreign minister said on November
14th that the UN Chief was not fit to
head the organization he start he stated
that gutterz had not done enough to
condemn Hamas and was too close to Iran
unrwa was set up to help refugees of War
at Israel's founding in 1948 and
provides Education Health and Aid to
them in Gaza the West Bank Jordan Syria
and
Lebanon
[Music]