we're all used to the idea that earth
rotates every 24 hours but of course
nothing's ever really that simple earth
does rotate on its axis and we do spin
around it is about every 24 hours but
not exactly and the not exactly is the
key here because the differences that we
have measured now with our current
instrumentation are
really really really small
we have uh you know 2021 predicted to be
the shortest year in a decade
by milliseconds
and so that uh you know we think maybe
even 0.2 milliseconds so the amount of
time we're talking about here is
something like maybe 0.000
one or two seconds
so this is a very very short amount of
time the leap second or the negative
leap second this is a ongoing problem
throughout all of human history how do
you measure time
and now that we have atomic clocks we do
have a particularly accurate way to
measure time
however the planet we're standing on is
not that accurate um
our days are are not exactly 24 hours as
i mentioned before they they change
around and we get this millisecond
differences um and so to keep our very
precise atomic clocks lined up so that
we can still keep using the months and
the days and the years in the calendar
system we have we have to make
adjustments and so we have to catch up
our calendar
to where the clock tells us it actually
is basically an artificial adjustment
that we make in our calendar system to
bring ourselves up to date we have the
need to keep our clocks that accurate um
we have to keep our calendars up to date
and so you'll get
leap seconds it is more usual to have
the uh the leap second going in the
direction of making the day longer
because that is the um the overall
pattern that we're expecting but like i
said all kinds of events can cause it to
go the other way it's just not as common
2020 um
having these 28 shortest days and 2021
predicted to be also a short year
it means again fractions of a fraction
of a second
so it's not going to be a big effect for
anyone i don't think you should worry
about it but you know if you are
interested in high frequency trading or
any kind of computational activities
that take place multiple times a second
please make sure to keep keep up with
these atomic clocks when they make the
adjustment