let's now talk about the reaction
supporters of Israel and backers of
Palestine held competing rallies in
several American cities on Sunday the
United States it it's witnessing
demonstrations condemning the Hamas
attack on Israel on the other hand
hundreds of Palestinian Americans and
pro Palestine supporters say the US
government must stop being an Israeli
Ally Israel supporters held sign boards
reading end Jew hatred and we stand with
Israel Palestine supporters allege
silence and action from the
International Community they sought the
support of US
citizens I'm here to support Israel and
the Jewish people I'm here to support
the fact that they were attacked for no
reason and I know one thing Israel will
prevail it's just a matter of a week to
10 days and about 10 days from now
they'll be begging for peace
Unfortunately they will be destroyed
completely this time there'll be no
mercy no prisoners Israel will give them
what they
deserve and that's what's going to
happen I'm here to send a message that
the Palestinian people are not alone and
that the people of North America of the
United States do not consent to the
United States government giving
unconditional Aid to the Zionist settler
state of
Israel the current visuals on your
screen are from Washington a violent
scuffle broke out between pro-israel and
pro Palestine demonstrators the
pro-israel demonstrators were seen
stepping on the flag of Palestine
visibly outraged Pro Palestine
demonstrators then stomped on Israeli
[Music]
flag in San Francisco Pro Palestine
demonstrators held signs reading free
Palestine and rallied across streets
chanting
[Applause]
slogans
hundreds of pro Palestine demonstrators
took to the streets in Chicago they
rallied outside Israeli consulate some
even voiced their support for their
Homeland the other issue is that the
International Community they have been
keeping silence against to this genocide
they talk about ukrania but they try to
keep silent
about
Palestine apart from protests in the
United States demonstrations were also
organized in Jordan Pakistan and Berlin
visuals emerging from Pakistan's Karachi
showed protesters stepping on and
burning us and Israeli
[Music]
Flags