now the state of Israel is on alert and
the fear it appears is fairly palpable
the Iranians have vowed a reprisal this
after a top Iranian General was
assassinated in
Damascus now the air strike on the
Iranian Embassy in the Syrian capital of
Damascus has been blamed on the state of
Israel netanyahu's government is neither
denied nor has it accepted its role but
that is how the Israelis of course
operate neither denying nor taking
responsibility for the attacks they
carry out in Syria now the latest is
that this is left the Israelis a bit
perplexed in terms of how to approach
this all the leaves of all Israeli
troops have now been cancelled and this
has given a sense of the seriousness of
the situation for the Israelis but the
question of course is how real is the
possibility of an Iranian reprisal for
the assassination of its General in
Monday's air strike on its Embassy
compan Damascus a top commander of
Iran's Islamic revolutionary core was
killed Brigadier General Muhammad razah
zahidi was assassinated with six other
Iranians including another Iranian
General with the death toll now rising
to 16 this has now triggered a warning
from Iran's supreme leader aah Ali Kai
who vowed to give Israel a befitting
slap amidst concerns of a possible
escalation of violence Israel's military
has said that it has drafted its
reservists to boost aial defense now
Israel's rdf has been jamming Jeep GPS
signals several GPS signal disruptions
have been reported in central Israel
including in Tel Aviv and also in some
parts of Jerusalem experts say that this
apparently has been done to water off
missile and drones which use GPS signals
to locate the intended target even
though the United States has denied any
involvement in the attack on the Iranian
Embassy compound a top us Commander has
warned the troops stationed in Iraq and
Syria could brace for further attacks
because of what has happened in in
Damascus vion is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the move