top developments in the Israel Hamas War
Israeli Prime Minister Benin Netanyahu
has once again said that it's just War
to eliminate
Hamas will continue until all the goals
are achieved the IDF says there are
signs hamas's system is falling apart as
they killing militants every day and
there's a need to press even
harder
and
says it deepened the fighting in kanones
area on Saturday Israel has ordered more
evacuations in the city IDF also claims
to have eliminated many militants in
parts of Northern Gaza where forces
reportedly located underground shafts
and weapons the Israeli Army has
released a video showing street fighting
in Northern gaza's jabalia it said that
Israeli troops launched a targeted
strike on structures where Hamas
militants took positions and that many
militants were killed in the
fighting
[Music]
in another video that has been released
by the IDF it alleged that Hamas
militants beat civilians and stole the
humanitarian Aid they received from
International organizations that was
facilitated by Israel on the other hand
Hamas has released footage showing
fighting with Israeli Army in Gaza the
video appears to show militants using
rocket propelled grenades to attack
armored
vehicles
now the IDF says five of its soldiers
died fighting Hamas in the last 24 hours
ex IDF Chief Chief's nephew has also
been killed in Gaza fighting a day after
his son was killed meanwhile the IDF has
also announced the death of a hostage at
the hands of
Hamas
[Music]
thousands of protesters rallied in t
Aviv on Saturday calling for Gaza
hostages to be freed these included the
relatives of hostages who are still in
captivity and those who've been
released
in RIS of a spill over Yemen Hui say
they will Target ships in the Red Sea on
Route Israel unless the Gaza Strip
receives the food and Medicine it
needs
the prohibition of the passage of ships
heading to the Zionist entity of any
[Music]
nationality