[Music]
Israeli fighter jets have carried out a
series of air strikes across the
occupied Gaza Strip injuring at least
five Palestinians
well the bombing of Beit Hanoun
followed a rocket attack on the Israeli
settlement of starett Israel has blamed
that attack on Hamas as the two sides
exchanged fire a mass staged a march in
southern Gaza sunday marked the second
anniversary of the deaths of three
senior Hamas members killed during the
2014 war with Israel fighters from the
Kassim Brigade showed off their rockets
guns and other weapons as they marched
through downtown Rafa that south of Gaza
City the 50-day war killed at least 73
Israelis in 2,200 Palestinians
well Mohammed Mansoor joins us now live
from Gaza with the latest on all of this
Mohammed what are the exact details of
these latest incidents yes in Israel
last night has launched more than 60
airstrikes plus pins of artillery shells
on the northern parts of the Gaza Strip
especially in Beit Hanoun and bait lay
massive explosions were hailed last
night which caused many panic especially
among the children and this the result
were four injuries among children they
were slightly injured the targeted sites
in the debate haneun and Beit Lahiya
areas were merely a training sites for
the Palestinian resistance groups such
as the kasam pre gates and the Islamic
Jihad Israel saying they were responding
to a rocket attack how is Hamas likely
to respond to this yes I must say in a
press statement yesterday that Israel
will hold responsibility for any
escalation in the Gaza Strip and this is
collation may will cause a war the
Israeli side will hold responsibility
for any escalation among among the
borders between Gaza and Israel they say
that they may be contacting the Egyptian
mediators but you know the relationship
between Egypt and Hamas is not like
before the CC coup so the the tension
between Israel and Gaza will be would be
not escalated as as war as many comment
and commentators said because the two
sides were exactly know the result of
any massive war could smell a - maybe
then ten days or as what happened in the
2014 war
okay Mohamed thank you very much for the
update
[Music]