[Music]
welcome back okay now about the
ceasefire deal that we spoke about
before we went to the break an Egyptian
delegation is in Israel to broker a
ceasefire deal between Tel Aviv and
Hamas in Gaza members of the delegation
warned that Israeli ground offensive in
gaza's Rafa City will have catastrophic
consequences for regional stability this
comes over Israel's confirmation of an
allout assault in the city that shares
its borders with Egypt Egypt's
intelligence office director abas camel
led the delegation that arrived in
Israel on Friday Egypt is expected to
table a quote unquote New Vision for a
prolonged truce in the war according to
the Hamas run government in the strip
the death toll in the war in Gaza has
climbed to
34356 with several areas reported to be
on the brink of a famine the urgency for
a truce has become higher than ever
both Israel and Hamas are facing
international calls to agree on a total
ceasefire according to Egypt Friday's
talks focused on a limited exchange of
Israeli hostages for Palestinian
prisoners it also addressed the return
of displaced cousins to the north of the
strip with quote unquote minimum
restrictions the start of an exchange is
expected to then make room for further
negotiations leading to a stop in the
fighting the mediators said that they
are chalking out a plan to accomodate
the ceasefire demands by both sides
hamasa said it is reviewing the truths
proposal given by Israel and will
respond after studying the peace plan
the group has called for a ceasefire and
the assured exit of Israeli troops from
Palestinian
territories for all the latest news
download the weon app and subscribe to
our YouTube channel