let's now talk about the war Tor Gaza
Strip Hamas has demanded a clear written
commitment that Israel will withdraw
from Gaza Egyptian officials have
informed that Hamas is seeking this
commitment during the second of a
three-phase ceas fire deal the
Palestinian militant group says it has
submitted its response to a sixe
ceasefire proposal to Egyptian and
Qatari mediators Hamas says it is still
committed to its demands for a permanent
ceasefire which withraw of Israeli
troops from all parts of Gaza and the
increase of Aid FL into the water on
Enclave Egypt says it will review the
hamas's response before calling for
another round of talks Hamas authorities
have claimed that at least five
Palestinians were killed
and an Israeli
force or as Israeli forces open fire at
Palestinians who are attempting to head
back to Northern
Gaza thousands of Gaz were walking by
the Sea Coast on Wadi Gaza in nerat camp
area now this area separates the north
from the
south they are doing that in the hopes
of being allowed to cross
back we are happy as if today is a feast
as if today is a feast my son I swear to
God we are drained we want to go back
check on our homes and see our children
and relatives I hope you will be okay
let us try to use the time it's being
said that girls women and children will
be allowed back God willing we will
return to our homes
safely as IDF continues its operations
against Hamas the Israeli military says
combat engineers also build bridges for
tongues to cross the Wy Gaza river True
Bridges were used by troops to carry out
an offensive against several sites that
it claims belong to a terror group the
Palestinian Health Ministry has informed
that Israeli
strikes have claimed lives of 52 and
wounded nearly 100 Palestinians in the
past 24
hours and according to gazan health
officials the Palestinian death toll is
now close to 32,700
for all the latest news download the
weon app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel