they are putting the final touches on
what will be the first shipment of Aid
to get to Gaza by sea on board this ship
200 tons of food from the aid agency's
World Central Kitchen and Open Arms the
vessel is said to be the first to test
out a maritime Aid Corridor announced on
Friday by the European commission
president Ursula vallion she says the
routs between Cypress and Gaza should be
up and running by this weekend the
Republic of Cyprus the European
commission the United Arab Emirates and
the United States announced our intent
to open the maritime Corridor we're now
very close to the opening of the
corridor hopefully this Saturday this
Sunday the West's frustration with
Israel is growing as its military
continues to hamper efforts to deliver
much needed Aid to Gaza where famine is
imminent Israel says it welcomes the
maritime Corridor but cautioned that it
would need to carry out Security checks
Israeli forces are also set to
scrutinize Aid that will arrive through
a floating pier in Gaza that the US is
planning to build Washington says it
will be ready in the coming weeks we
anticipate that it'll take uh over a
thousand uh US forces uh to participate
uh in in uh building this capability uh
as far as time frame as I mentioned
several weeks uh likely up to 60 days
the bridges foreign secretary David
Cameron says delivering a by sea will
take months Cameron argues effort should
instead focus on getting Israel to let
Aid in through its ashod Port further to
the north of the Gaza Strip crucial
thing is today the Israelis must confirm
that they'll open the port at ashdod
that is in Israel but that's a working
Port it could take aid now that would
increase the amount of aid aid officials
insist that getting Aid in by land is
still the most effective way to meet the
needs in Gaza arguing that deliveries by
sea and air are costly and
inefficient