I made growing signs of frustration
between Joe Biden and the Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu the pair
held their first official telephone call
in over a month on Monday the character
of that call pushed back upon by the
National Security adviser Jake Sullivan
there had been rumors that it was quite
a tense call and that it ended abruptly
uh Jake Sullivan pushed back on that and
said that it was quote businesslike
however one of the main focuses of that
call was Israel's plannned offensive
into the southern Gaza town of Rafa
where 1.5 million people are currently
seeking Refuge uh the um Israelis agreed
to a Joe Biden suggestion that they send
a delegation to Washington to hear
Washington's concerns Jake Sullivan said
President Biden asked the prime minister
to send a senior agency team composed of
military intelligence and humanitarian
officials to Washington in the coming
days now it is understood that that team
could be uh in place by the end of this
week if not the beginning of next week
and that no offensive into Gaza into the
Rafa area will take place until the US
concerns have been heard Jake Sullivan
calling uh this next step a quote
Natural Evolution of discussions uh
between partners uh they it also came up
about Chuck Schumer the top Democrat in
the Senate comments about Netanyahu just
a few days ago he called him a quote
obstacle to peace and also said that
fresh elections should be held uh that
was uh brought up by Netanyahu we are
told Jake Sullivan said that um the uh
prime minister did raise concerns about
a variety of things that came out in the
American Press but he did not talk
specifically about any one issue uh so
the United States here seemingly taking
a more active role uh in the Israeli uh
military uh planning they say they're
not getting involved uh directly but
rather as as in an advisory role uh also
more discussed about humanitarian Aid
into Gaza uh we are still expecting that
humanitarian peer off the coast of Gaza
to be constructed between the next 45 to
60 days although the US is hoping that
will happen sooner than that