[Music]
winter light dapples peaceful Hills in
the West Bank Belling their place as the
object of violent contestation we meet
Omar larner head of security at an
Israeli settlement although he prefers
to talk about the village as being in
biblical Judea and
Samaria we're
inash a village that's existed for over
40 years and is home to 400 families
it's been 30 years since the last attack
in Mal mikash which left a man dead but
Omar believes that threats are ever
present Israeli authorities say that the
risk of attacks has
increased you could almost say that I
now work under the direction of the army
most of the time especially since
October 7 we've received weapons machine
guns and everything we need to defend
ourselves it's true that we lack some
things but the Army is gradually meeting
our needs
his team of reservists has increased
sixfold since October 7th with his eyes
locked on the limits of the settlement
he's ready in case of
attack but in nablas the feeling
prevails that the violence is aimed
primarily at Palestinians since October
7th according to the Palestinian
Authority over 370 Palestinians have
been killed in the West Bank most by
Israeli soldiers
some by settlers in the balata camp the
largest in the West Bank Israeli
incursions have been numerous and deadly
Muhammad lost his brother in November he
was the leader of the local Brigade the
AL AA
Martyrs an Israeli drone hit the
three-story fat building five people
were martyred historically Bal depends
on
fata the various resistance movements
and brigades here depend on
fat the war has remobilized the people
of balata under the portraits of his
children and Grandson killed by the
Israeli Army resident Abu sa says he's
proud that Hamas is still
fighting Gaza has already held out
longer than Iraq it's been four months
in 1973 the Arab countries didn't last 2
hours in the West Bank the presence of
Israeli settlements which are illegal
under international law as well as
violence perpetrated by settlers are
hampering the peace process and the
creation of two states