all right now for more on this we're
being joined by Dr aohan Who is the
professor of non-proliferation and
terrorism studies at the Middlebury
Institute joining us live from montree
California sir thank you so much for
joining us of course first things first
this is being seen as a new LW in ties
between Israel and the United States how
do you see ties going
forward well it's a problem as long as
uh b n is the remains the prime minister
the rift uh would be growing actually
he's trying to take advantage of that to
save his office to save his own seat by
uh making some kind of pleas for his uh
extreme right-wing Coalition
Partners uh the uh Reef that he created
with the United States is primarily
self-inflicted MH it's not good for the
release of the hostages it's terrible
for the rest of the Israeli the
terrorist post the ter
posture uh and he became more and more
burdened for Israel itself this is a
prime minister in uh his last moment in
office and he is making uh incredible
pains for his own
country uh Dr Kohan now it's
understandable and it's known that
Israel is continuing with the war effort
because us supports it what are the
possible reasons for Netanyahu being so
adamant on his stance on Rafa can they
do it without us
support uh militarily it's Raa is not a
big deal uh the question is how to do it
in a way that would not create uh
humanitarian crisis Rafa as you know is
crowded with 1.4 1.5 million people to
remove them is a
nightmare uh there are four light uh
Regiment of the uh
Hamas uh with them or without them it's
not that kind of a big deal
uh Benjamin nany making it a big deal in
part for domestic reason in part to
achieve what has become more and more
unachievable that is to say to eradicate
Kamas uh Israel has just done fantastic
uh tactically and yet strategically
Israel fails to eradicate Hamas because
Hamas is not the kind of organization
even if it's going to be defeated almost
at any level militarily it cannot be
eradicated politically strategically and
as an organization and that's the
problem Hass that can be defeated but
can't be eradicated that was Dr avner
kohen joining us from monre California
thank you so much for sharing all your
insights with us a pleasure thank
[Music]
you