it has taken 6 months for the security
Council to arrive at a Gaza ceasefire
vote the result of the Voting is as
follows 14 votes in favor zero vote
against one
abstention the draft resolution has been
adopted as resolution
2728
2024 the resolution demands an immediate
lasting ceasefire between Israel and
Hamas for the rest of Ramadan and the
unconditional release of all hostages
the us abstained from the vote saying
the resolution was not binding we fully
support some of the critical objectives
in this non-binding resolution and we
believe it was important for the council
to speak out and make clear that our
ceasefire must any ceasefire must come
with the release of all hostages the
Palestinian un Ambassador called the
vote historic and disagreed with the US
interpretation
the resolution Security Council
resolutions are binding and if Israel is
not going to implement it then it is the
duty of the security Council to use
chapter 7 to take measures and punitive
measures in order to make them obey the
resolution of the security Council Hamas
welcomed the security Council resolution
but two of the council members who
actually voted for the resolution
publicly disagreed as to whether or not
it was legally
binding under the
chter all Security Council
resolutions are binding so legally
speaking it may not be legally binding
but morally I mean as I said in my
statement this reflects the consensus of
the International Community a un
spokesman said that security Council
resolutions are international law So to
that extent they are as binding as
international law is but with Ramadan
set to end on April 9th and he sees fire
that is realized from the UN resolution
will be short-lived Frank youo charity
world the United
Nations