meanwhile Israel's military issued its
most detailed warning yet to Hezbollah
in neighboring Lebanon that it would be
ready to attack immediately if provoked
it further said that since the outbreak
of the Gaza War it had struck more than
50 Targets in Syria linked to the
Iranian backed Lebanese
Movement we attack Hezbollah
infrastructure in Syria as well at the
beginning of the war we attacked from
the ground and from the air more than 50
such targets that were deployed in Syria
we will continue to attack wherever
hisbah is present and we will continue
to act wherever it is required in the
Middle East what is true for Lebanon is
true for Syria and is true for other
more distant
places on the other hand Hamas official
said that 120 days war in Gaza is a sign
of Shame on Israel and its allies he
condemned us strikes in Lebanon and
thanked Egypt and Qatar for efforts to
help negotiate a ceasefire as of now the
mediators are awaiting a response from
Hamas to a proposal for the war's first
extended ceasefire drafted last week
with Israeli and US spy Chiefs and
communicated by Egypt and Qatar in TAA
Israeli demonstrators gathered to urge
the Israeli government to secure the
release of the remaining Hamas hostages
in Gaza a separate demonstration against
the government was held in a main Square
demanding prime minister Nathan yahu to
[Music]
resign now thousands of pro Palestinian
demonstrators also gathered in London
calling for a ceasefire in Gaza
according to the police around 20,000
people gathered in White Hall to
listening to the speeches after marching
through the city many of them waved
Palestinian flags and held signs calling
for an end to the
[Music]
war the Battle Ground awaits you thank
you very much l Chambers around Britain
are
staying as Israel remains entrenched in
a war with the Hamas militant group the
US House of Representatives recommended
allocating 176 billion dollar in new
military assistance to the Jewish Nation
with the war in Gaza dragging on the
billions of dollars in Aid will have
allocations for renewing Israel's
missile defense system
manufacturing artillery and other
Munitions and also acquiring Advanced
weapons
[Music]
system