it was a welcome sight on Friday night
the arrival of some 200 tons of food and
other supplies on the Gaza Coast the
cargo was offloaded onto a jetty that
was constructed by locals using the
remnants of destroyed
buildings and it was a striking split
screen in the hours as the ship
approached the Open Arms vessel edging
closer while directly across the beach
another Israeli air
strike in fact a strike in the Central
City of De Al Bala killed several people
on Friday and that came as gazin were
still trying to make sense of the
horrifying scene at the Kuwaiti
roundabout near Gaza City the health
Ministry says Israeli forces launched an
attack on dozens of people there late on
Thursday while they waited for an aid
Convoy killing at least
20 even when the a trucks arrived they
slaughtered us they had no mercy they
killed my brother even when the flower
came the shooting didn't stop Israel
says it was Palestinian gunmen who
opened fire either way the incident has
added new urgency to ceasefire talks
Hamas now says it would release one
Israeli hostage every time Israel
releases between 20 and 50 Palestinian
prisoners that's down from the previous
proposal of one hostage for every 100
prisoners Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu called the latest
proposal absurd but he's sending his
negotiating team back to Cutter anyway
and the White House says it's cautiously
optimistic we're cautiously optimistic
that things are moving in a good
direction but that doesn't mean that
it's done and we're going to have to
stay at this till the very very end but
the White House is also frustrated by
the lack of details it's getting from
Israel on its plans for a ground assault
on Rafa and the logistics of evacuating
over a million
people we have to see
a clear and implementable plan not only
to get uh civilians out of Harm's Way
but also to make sure that once out of
Harm's Way they're appropriately cared
for with shelter with food with medicine
with clothing and we've not yet seen
such a plan at least for the moment the
arrival of that humanitarian Aid ship
has established a maritime Corridor to
Gaza and this second ship of Aid bigger
than the first will soon be setting sail
from its ports in Greek administered
Cyprus and roosen trt
world