even before this operation began
Palestinians say Al shifer had been
attacked as Israelis moved in doctors
inside now report the sound of gunfire
and explosions and troops moving through
the building Israel says the operation
is against Hamas but has also released
these pictures of baby food and
incubators they say they're delivering
to the hospital they're not saying yet
whether or not they're engaging their
Enemy Inside Al shifer Israeli troops
have encircled the building in recent
today satellite pictures showing plumes
of smoke from explosions alifer has
become a symbol of Palestinian
resilience thousands have sought
Sanctuary there from Israel's massive
bombardment outside and inside in Wards
staff have been working under
extraordinary pressure there and now
appear to be coping with an operation
inside their
Hospital Israel's already attacked
another hospital further north they
claim to have found evidence of Hamas
activity at rantisi hospital weapons
caches and tunnels I want to show you a
room where we found all the gear the
operational gear of Kamas Kamas is using
hospitals like we showed the evidence in
shifa hospital in other hospital we are
now seeing it in live in rantisi
hospital Hamas denies using ey the
hospital it says US President Joe Biden
gave the goahead for the AL shifer raid
after his spokesman said this last night
I can confirm for you that we have
information that Hamas and the
Palestinian Islamic Jihad used some
hospitals in the Gaza Strip including
alifa and tunnels underneath them to
conceal and to support their military
operations and to hold
hostages conditions at Al shifer
Hospital have been D in recent Days
running out of fuel on the weekend
doctors say they've moved dozens of
newborn babies after incubators were
shut down gaza's hospitals have all
suffered last month many died in a blast
at the Al Ali Hospital the IDF says this
raid is within a specified area of the
sprawling complex at alifer it's called
on all Hamas members within the hospital
to immediately surrender thousands of
people have already fled the hospital
but hundreds of Staff patients and
thousands of displaced Palestinians
remain