no part in Gaza can escape Israel's
attacks not even bakeries and the flower
mills crucial for basic food production
every day gazans gather at the Salam
Mill one of the largest in Gaza hoping
to acquire enough flower to get their
families through another day Israel's
bombardment has destroyed vital
infrastructure and its Siege has meant
weeks of food
shortages I came to get bread from my
husband he is sick he had a kidney
transplant and we are still waiting we
came here right after Dawn prayers we
were the first to arrive now we are on
the line for nothing they say there is
no weed once a successful business with
50 employees the Salam Mill is now
struggling to keep running electricity
shortages mean the mill must use a
generator enough to run one production
line for 12 hours a
day
we have enough wheat for one month we
are talking about 100 tons of wheat
which makes 75 tons of flour this is
enough for people for a little time the
unua should interfere to distribute
wheat to all the flour factories and
bakeries in the Gaza
Strip the cues for bread in Gaza are
often 4 to 6 hours long and many receive
only half of their usual bread Russi the
Salam Mills shutdown would make that
even worse the UN humanitarian office
says Gaza has enough wheat for 12 days
but the loan operational Mill can't
process it due to power Cuts critical
Staples like vegetable oil pulses sugar
and rice are also running out I can't
serve 2.2 million displaced people from
north to south and Center this Factory
is their sole source as most others are
inactive because they lack wheat or fuel
it's a cast try for children the sick
and the elderly urgent appeals are made
to the International Community local
organizations the Red Cross
International relief organizations and
human rights groups to find a
solution as the clock ticks down the
Mills operators and the people of Gaza
can only wait and hope for a Lifeline
Ahmed shabi trt word