Ben used to see his kosher pizza shop as
a safe space for him and the community
he serves an idea that was shattered
last year when someone called with this
threat we will bomb you and all of that
like so immediately I in one case as
well I closed the restaurant earlier on
like we closed the restaurant 4:00
instead 10:00 cuz they said you need to
evacuate the building I call the police
get the police and do the checks that
just to make sure that we're safe I
don't want to H put anyone in danger not
my costume not my staff H not myself as
well his experiences part of a record
rise in anti-Semitism its impact being
felt across the country especially in
some of Britain's biggest Jewish
communities like here in North
Manchester causing anxiety and anger
among Community leaders I'm annoyed that
we are being made to feel like this that
we are made to be intimidated that we
don't want to walk out on our streets
that people are having to cover up
identifiable signs of being Jewish we're
proud to be British Jews we play a huge
part in this country and for us to feel
like this because of something that
happened thousands of miles away is
unacceptable a conflict in the Middle
East is fracturing British
Society at the University of Leeds and
on campuses and cities across the
country Pro Palestine protests are now
regular the organizers we spoke to
condemned anti-semitism
but Jewish students here say they faced
discrimination on campus every morning I
wake up and I don't know if I should put
on my my Yaki my skull cup I don't know
if I should do because maybe this T I'll
get attacked an atmosphere Jamie says is
only becoming more hostile I've had swas
stickers drawn on on the cars on my road
um in lectures I know a lot of students
have had to have felt really
uncomfortable uh listening to things
that their lecturers have said and
they've had to you know walk out of
seminars and lectures back in Manchester
at this synagogue a space for prayer
positivity and reflection has needed
extra security but the rabbi remains
optimistic my general confidence in our
society at the moment is not necessarily
being born out um My Hope Is that things
will return to where they should
be faith is one thing but the facts are
Stark anti-Semitism across Society is
rising at an alarming rate shinki Mar
Sky News Manchester