as we continue our coverage of the
Israel Hamas conflict we're also
bringing you visuals from the Gaza Strip
This is the 10th day of the conflict you
can see a thick cloud of smoke that has
enveloped Gaza this is these are the
visuals that are coming live from the
Gaza Strip it's the 10th day of the
Israel Hamas conflict the Gaza Strip
it's come under heavy bombardment from
the Israeli side and these are the
visuals that are coming in live right
now from
Gaza we'll continue to bring you visuals
from Gaza throughout our coverage
today it's the 10th day of the Israel
Hamas conflict and so
far the Gaza Strip it's come under he
under heavy bombardment from the Israeli
side at least
2,670 people mostly ordinary
Palestinians have been killed in the
attacks since the deadly Hamas attacks
that started that happened 10 days ago
[Music]
also for more on this sub principal
diplomatic sidhant sible correspondent
sidhant sible has sent us this ground
report from stero listen
in well uh well Rockets have been
launched over us my camera person can
show you uh uh the rocket
uh from
Gaza well just short while ago Rockets
have been launched over said rot my
camera person can show you uh the the
visuals of the flare and the the iron do
was able to handle them right now we are
going inside uh the bunker one one of
the bunkers which have been created uh
this is the bunker which has been
created for safety reason for the
civilians uh and uh this is the place
where we where we can take a refuge but
right now the situation very sensitive
uh here and uh we saw those visuals of
uh the the the launch now security
personal of course taking uh cover as
well uh right now you can see uh
situation quite tense in SED rot uh we
saw the Rockets coming from this place
and the plume of smoke over uh SED road
right now uh that was uh the the plume
of smoke but essentially uh uh there is
of course worry over the shrapnel as
well uh if that hurts the people with
video journalist sjit sidan for Von in
sedr southern Israel Von is now
available in your country download the
app now get all the news on the move