now amid the Diplomatic tensions or the
Al-Aqsa mosque compound in East
Jerusalem Jordan's King Abdullah held a
meeting with Israel's prime minister
beneman Netanyahu in oman's capital
according to Jordan's Royal Court
Abdullah told Netanyahu that Israel
should respect the historic in legal
status quo in the Holy aksar mosque and
not violate it John had some of the
Israeli Ambassador after its Envoy was
stopped from entering the mosque on the
17th of January Jordan's ambassadors a
visit to the mosque came after
right-wing Israeli Minister for National
Security storm the Moss Compound on the
3rd of January drawing condemnation from
the Muslim World Jerusalem is a
particularly sensitive issue for
Jordan's hashemite royal family as it is
the custodian of Muslim and Christian
holy sites in eastern part of the city
Al-Aqsa mosque is the third holy space
in Islam and the most sacred side to
Jews who refer to the compound as Temple
Mount Nathan returned to power in Israel
last month as head of the Coalition that
exclu includes pardon me includes
extreme right and ultra-orthodox Jewish
parties however netanyahu's return is
deep in Jordan's concerns that Ultra
right policies which include accelerated
Jewish settlement buildings in
Palestinian territories in the West Bank
will spark a new cycle of violence
Nathan Yahoo's office said the two
leaders discussed Regional issues
especially strategic security and
economic cooperation between Israel and
Jordan Jewish religious nationalists
have increasingly to the side and
demanded rights for Jews to pray in the
mosque compound but Jordan sees it as a
move that undermines an arrangement in
which Jews and non-muslims are permitted
to visit but not to pray
that Arrangement has prevailed for years
nathana whose visit to Oman was his
first official trip abroad since taking
office in December in 1994 Jordan became
the second Arab country after Egypt to
recognize and sign a peace treaty when
they bring Israel
Leon is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move