former US president Donald Trump has
criticized President Joe Biden for his
foreign policies as Israel is at war
with Hamas militant group Trump talked
about how the US enemies have been
taking advantage of Biden's
Administration amidst the war that
claimed over 2,500 lives Trump and other
Republicans had earlier tried to lay
blame on the Biden Administration
particularly citing the release of
nearly $6 billion in frozen assets to
Iran which is a supporter of Hamas
however Administration officials keep
insisting that the money has not been
spent you have chaos Bloodshed War
Terror and death look what's happening
today because the occupant of the White
House is a laughing stock all over the
world America's enemies cannot believe
how lucky they got they got real lucky
every monster villain dictator and
terrorist and there plenty of them I
know know most of them I got to know a
lot of them all over the planet they're
having a field day because they know
they will never have it better than they
do with crook Joo who in many cases
receed money from those
countries Trump also defended his record
governing the US without any new Wars he
praised his administration measures
against Islamic State militants Isis
further pledging to prevent World War
III if re-elected he said that under his
relo ship the US would offer full
support to Israel in defeating
dismantling and permanently destroying
the militant group
[Music]
Hamas
I'm the only candidate who can make a
promise that's a very important promise
the most important promise that we could
have I will prevent World War III it's
not going to
happen Trump trump made the comments
while addressing his supporter as an at
an event in Florida this as he
campaigned as the front runner in the
2024 Republican primary race for the
White House despite four criminal cases
against
[Music]
them
[Music]
TR real
[Music]
Dany