the Israeli military says it has
recovered the body of one of the more
than 200 hostages taken by Hamas in a
building near alifa Hospital yehudi
Weiss was 65 years old she was fighting
cancer when taken captive from her home
in the barry caboots on October 7th her
husband was
killed
for she was really warm loving hugging
kissing she was everything to me
to her family and to her
grandchildren which will now only hear
stories about
her seven of my family members are
kidnapped in Gaza my mother my sister my
sister husband and their children who
are eight and fre years old a
three-year-old girl is in Gaza my aunt
and cousin is 12 how can you put a price
on a three-year-old girl we need them
back now at any price we are Marching
here today to
Jerusalem 100 of families and thousands
of people come join us to Jerusalem hear
our shout bring them back home now the
whole world Shout with us bring them
back home now from the first day
we have been in very very close contact
with many families who have hostages in
Gaza especially of course German
citizens but not only German citizens
and I can only tell you that we have
been with you in our hearts and in our
minds from the 7th of October we we feel
the pain uh that you and your families
feel we pray and hope all day all night
uh for the release of every one the
unconditional release of everyone
everyone must come back healthy and safe
we work for this on all political and
diplomatic levels and uh we just ask you
to to keep the hope alive and it's
wonderful wonderful to see all of you
today here very impressive um and that's
all really I can say in our hearts and
our minds we are with you and this is
true for me for everyone at the German
Embassy it's also true for uh the
government of
germin