they're
exhausted exhausted by the incessant
bombardment in Northern Gaza now
exhausted by hours of
trekking by foot and wheelchair or by
horsedrawn cars as they follow Israeli
orders to move
[Music]
South they all tell the same story of
running out of food and water seeing
decomposing bodies in their path and
feeling like they're walking through a
gauntlet the Israelis have weapons tanks
and planes and they are watching the
civilians people are walking with
difficulty the roads and streets are
destroyed there's no bread no water n
not even salt water tanks in front of us
dead bodies it's very frightening
especially for the kids some will join
family members further south but it's
become clear that nowhere is safe in
Gaza again this weekend Israeli
bombardments blanketed The Enclave from
north to south refugee camps and a un
School were among the
targets what have we done wrong we were
living in peace we weren't doing
anything wrong our homes were full of
children where will we
go no one can get out at the southern
end of Gaza the Rafa Border Crossing
into Egypt is again closed for a few
days a trickle of foreign passport
holders and injured people were allowed
to pass but that stopped since Saturday
Israel is refusing to allow injured
Palestinians through because it says
around a third of those on the list are
Hamas Fighters so Hamas suspended all
evacuations the injured should get
through and we should get through as
well we are tired I've been waiting here
at the border crossing for 3 days we are
tired for now the crossing is still open
in the other direction so limited Aid is
getting in it's desperately needed but
it's not
enough