as the war in Gaza continues into its
third month Kanan Yunis has found itself
directly at the
epicenter Fierce clashes erupted here
once again on Sunday as Israeli tanks
ventured into the center of the
enclave's biggest southern
city here the bodies of Palestinian
victims are constantly pulled from the
wreckage of Israeli
strikes we got married 6 months before
the war and today he is dead he left me
alone in central Gaza
mourners gathered outside the al- AKA
hospital for a mass funeral after an
Israeli bombardment repeatedly hit the
town of Zeda throughout the
day here in this house we found a young
man dismembered just body parts and we
found this woman who the owner of the
house on top here in pieces and a column
above filled with blood and body
parts violence meanwhile continued in
the north of the strip on Sunday in Gaza
City shabala and Shaya where the IDF
claimed a series of arrests those
efforts were praised by prime minister
Benyamin Netanyahu who called on Hamas
to abandon the fight in the past few
days dozens of Hamas terrorists have
surrendered to our forces they're laying
down their weapons and turning
themselves in to our heroic soldiers
this will take time the war is still
ongoing but it's the beginning of the
end of Hamas I say to the Hamas
terrorists it's over don't die if your
leader y surrender
now Israel's military claimed it struck
more than 250 targets over the past 24
hours including a Hamas military
communication site and underground
tunnel shafts in the south in response
Kamas said no more hostages taken on
October 7th would leave alive unless
their demands were met for Palestinian
prisoners to be
released