it's just horrible 17-year-old Hadar
Schusterman longs to return home to her
Northern Israeli Village she's one of
more than 96,000 Israelis who have fled
their homes near the Lebanese border
since the October 7th Hamas attack
fearing militant group hesah could
unleash a similar assault in the north
these guys are stronger than Hamas can
you imagine what they think they can do
to
us she and her family stay in a hotel
just south of the evacuation Zone paid
for by the government returning home is
Unthinkable but no one knows if when or
how the risk will be eliminated she has
imagined Hezbollah militants coming in
cars or boats to kill her and her family
it feels like a long day that never
stops and never ends and you're just
waiting for this day to end because you
feel like you're on a you can do
anything you just got to wait it's it's
it's almost over that's the feeling you
get is Israeli forces and the
iran-backed Hezbollah have been
exchanging fire daily across the border
since October
7th Hezbollah says its attacks aim to
draw Israeli forces North and to deter
Israel from carrying out a broader
assault on Lebanon the clashes have
killed at least one civilian and nine
troops on the Israeli side and at least
23 civilians in Lebanon where many
people near the border have also fled
their
homes hadar's father ran Schusterman
returned to the family farm to work most
days it's only 3 miles from the border
he says when they hear sirens or
shelling they run to the nearest bomb
shelter or lay face down in the fields
with their hands on their
heads oral nimron works on Sherman's
Farm it's really hard hard to deal with
every day I can tell you every day I
come to work and I really am stressed
asking myself is this the day this is
going to to explode more than7 17
Israelis are also displaced from
Southern areas close to Gaza the threat
from Hamas and Hezbollah effectively
make parts of Israel's territory
unlivable something Israel says it won't
tolerate indefinitely despite warlike
rhetoric on both sides recent skirmishes
have not escalated into an allout War
like the one Israel is waging against
Hamas where gaza's Health Ministry says
more than 23,000 Palestinians have been
killed