on the fourth day of the Israel Hamas
truce 11 more hostages were handed over
to the Red Cross and taken back into
Israel they include three-year-old Twins
and their mother french German and
Argentinian Nationals are also among
those released on Monday in the occupied
West Bank City of rala friends and
family waited for their first glimpse of
33 Palestinians being released from
Israeli prisons three women and 30
miners 17-year-old Amina Basi is now
reunited with his family one day after
his release
Sunday I left through the door and the
police closed it I greeted my family
there was Joy but also sadness because I
was released pretty quickly thank God
but my close Uncle and Cousin are still
detained and another uncle was mored the
4-day truce ending on Monday between
Israel and Hamas has been extended for
another two days it's a glimpse of Hope
and Humanity in the middle of the
darkness of war and I strongly hope that
this will enable us to increase even
more the humanitarian aids to the people
in Gaza that is suffering so much it's a
welcome pause and a 7we Onslaught that
has killed thousands and laid waste to
the Palestinian Enclave of course we
welcome the announcement just a little
bit ago I think in the last hour or so
by cutter that the humanitarian pause in
Gaza now in its fourth day will be
extended for another two days through
Thursday morning Israel time the
humanitarian pause has already brought a
halt to the fighting together with a
surge of humanitarian assistance the
number of trucks carrying humanitarian
Aid into Gaza have scaled up during the
truce but the UN says against the needs
of 1.7 million displaced people the aid
barely registers Craig Boswell trt world