in stay down stay
down
so these seem to be mortars they are
coming in very
[Music]
close keep
roll we're going to wait for a moment
here
Nico guys do you guys hear me on
Ms uh and we're going to jump into that
package because Richard Angel is live
with us now and Richard you're you're
there near the border what's happening
all right
ni stay position well I can tell you
right now we are in the town of zot and
there's been a lot of incoming fire here
it believe we believe that it is mortar
fire some of them also appear to been
Rockets they've been coming in quite
close that is why we are on the the
ground right now this is still
considered a very active combat zone
even though we are inside Israeli
territory and it is not just the
incoming rockets and mortars uh there
were also reports from Israeli officials
of new infiltrations of Hamas sending
more Fighters through breaches in the
Border fence according to uh a senior
Israeli official there are about 30
different holes breaches in that border
uh perimeter and most of them have been
plugged up around 90% of them have been
plugged up but 10% remain they're trying
to secure them but remain open so uh
this is still an active situation here
uh most of the resid
in this area have been cleared out uh
and the Israelis are trying to move
people away from from from border towns
and communities and and to try and also
look for Hamas Fighters because they
believe that that cells sleeper cells or
or other Fighters uh have have
infiltrated and are still in the area
potentially hiding in some of the
buildings and now maybe it seems like
that big barrage uh that that uh that we
just uh experienced has has passed they
they coming waves but this one was uh
right practically right on top of us
right here in inot Richard if any moment
you and your crew need to move to get to
safety please do
so thanks for watching stay updated
about breaking news and top stories on
the NBC News app or follow us on social
media