I don't know when it was used the last
time but it is definitely an MRI machine
and if you follow me behind the MRI
machine I'll show you what our troops
exposed just minutes ago in military
terms this is a grab bag grabbing go of
a Hamas combatant and if you zoom in and
we get some light over here what you
will be able to see are is military
equipment there is a an
AK-47 there are cartridges am ammo
uh there are grenades in here of course
uniform and all of that this was hidden
very conveniently secretly behind the
MRI machine on the other side we found a
backpack with what appears to be very
important intelligence including a
laptop and we'll show you that
momentarily we tried to uncover the
cameras but all of the cameras have been
obstructed you can see there's black uh
tape covering it and when our troops
open this this uh closet here which is
in the main part of the clinic this is
what they found the contents of the bag
are full military kit for one Hamas
terrorist a live grenade ammunition
fighting vest with Insignia boots and of
course uniforms and last but not least
standard AK-47 inside the hospital
hidden in a secluded area let's have a
look at what we found inside the very
same C cabinet there's Insignia military
insignia a knife for those of you who
read Arabic you'll be able to understand
what it says here but it's aamas the
military Wing K Kasam of course a vest
with equipment and as always an AK47
standard gear grab and go the last item
which I'm sure will be very interesting
to analyze is a laptop we found it in
the MRI room this is how the laptop
looks I don't know who it belonged to
but now it is being analyzed by our
Intel people tactical radio
communications which we will analyze
lots of discs which will be analyzed and
a computer which at first glance already
provides a lot of incriminating uh
evidence