mama
familiar scenes of mourning in the
occupied West Bank but this time the
families are Israeli
two-palestinian gunman opened fire at a
petrol station South of Nablus near the
illegal Israeli settlement of Ellie the
Israeli Ministry says both of the
attackers have been killed
our forces are now operating on the
ground to settle the score with the
murderers we have already proven in the
last months that we will settle the
score with all the murderers without
exception everyone who hurt us is evil
in the grave or in prison so it will be
here as well
Hamas claimed the responsibility for the
attack saying it was retaliation for a
raid by Israeli forces on Monday
engineering refugee camp which killed
six Palestinians and left more than 90
wounded 25 Israelis have been killed by
Palestinians since the beginning of this
year and 172 Palestinians have been
killed by Israeli forces in the hours
after the shooting Israeli settlers
ransacked several Palestinian towns
vandalizing property and smashing cars
with stones
some fired shots at local Palestinian
residents
last evening between 400 and 500
settlers attacked the main road and
began vandalizing a store selling
Construction Products destroying it
completely before moving on to another
shop they attacked homes and destroyed
their Gates they burned our Wheat Field
almost entirely then they attacked this
area here as you can see completely
destroying the gas station from doors to
gas pumps tour when is land the un's
special coordinator for the Middle East
peace process says he is deeply alarmed
by the continuing cycle of violence and
appalled by the continued loss of
Civilian lives but with International
inaction and power asymmetry now
ingrained in the conflict the escalation
seems increasingly Out Of Reach Sena
Asylum trt world
[Applause]