this is the aftermath of an explosion a
few hundred meters from the Indonesia
Hospital in Northern Gaza on
Friday this was the alifa hospital last
night Palestinian sources said a shell
landed in the for court at least one
person was killed several were seriously
injured thousands are said to be camping
in its grounds there was no comment from
Israel but it claims Hamas leaders are
hiding beneath the building Hamas denies
it and on Thursday the NGO Human Rights
Watch said it has found no evidence to
confirm the claim on Friday there
reports that hundreds of civilians had
started to
leave the AL kuds Hospital Palestinian
doctors warned that the fuel is running
out the Palestinian red crescent
released this video it says shows
doctors treating patients by torch light
there are reports of Israeli forces
encircling the hospital and the sound of
gunfire the UN human rights Chief was
back in Arman on Friday after a brief
visit to Rafa he called for an
investigation into Israel's use of high
explosive Munitions in builtup areas any
use by Palestinian armed groups of
civilians and civilian objects to Shield
themselves from Attack is in
contravention of the laws of war but
such contact by Palestinian armed groups
does not absorve Israel of its
obligation to ensure that civilians are
spared thousands more Palestinian
civilians were spotted walking south
from Gaza City towards can yunes away
from the fighting Israel says 80,000
made the same Journey on
Thursday but in carun there is already
serious overcrowding shortage of water
is now a real
concern as you can see there are long
lines of people waiting for hours to get
some water the situation is very
difficult and it's become
unbearable we stand for several hours to
get some water and it's barely enough
for drinking there is no water what can
we
do no sign of the fighting further north
stopping the pressure on these
overstretched resources will only grow
Simon McGregor wood T world