uh the Indian government the ministry of
external Affairs has now released a
travel advisory against Iran and Israel
in fact it has advised Indians not to
travel to both the countries in fact
Indians in the two countries have been
asked to contact the Indian Missions
there in the two countries this amid
escalating tensions there in Iran and
Israel and in West Asia my colleague DHA
Baki now joins us live in studio so DHA
now uh you know escalation seem imminent
and attack is in evitable now right so
India's travel advisory comes at a time
when us Russia among other countries
have issued similar advisories to their
citizens to contact their embassies and
to not travel to countries such as
specific countries such as Iran and
Israel uh this comes after tensions
between Iran and Israel have been rising
over the past few weeks after Israel
allegedly struck an Iranian Embassy in
Syria's Damascus killing seven including
two high ranking general generals of
Iran Elite forces since then Iran has
constantly threatened Israel to
retaliate with a proportional response
and even us intelligence Services have
suggested that Iran will respond with a
strike of proportional level on any of
Israel's diplomatic facilities and even
within Israeli territory so tensions
between the two countries have been
rising which is why India's tra travel
advisory comes at a crucial time
interestingly this advisory comes a week
after after the first batch of over 60
Indian construction workers left for
Israel under a bilateral agreement
between India and Israel under India's
national skill development initiative so
it's interesting to note that now India
has issued this travel advisory so only
time will tell how tensions between uh
Iran and Israel rise and how the region
develops