[Music]
would there be another ceasefire deal
between Hamas and Israel will all the
Israeli hostages be returned to Israel
now qatar's foreign minister has
announced that Hamas is ready for the
initial proposal which has been given so
what is this deal for which there seems
to be some sort of agreement after talks
between Israel us Qatar and Egypt in
Paris initial phase of ceasefire would
be 45 days According to some reports and
35 to 40 Israeli hostages who are with
Hamas would be released in exchange for
around 100 to
250 Palestinian prisoners in Israel for
every Israeli hostage in the first phase
children women elderly and the sick
would be released by Hamas while this
first phase is on there would be
discussions about releasing male is
Israeli P prisoners hostages who are
with Hamas be it civilians or
soldiers Israel has said it has not
received any formal offer from Hamas
till now and Israel has uh also is
Israel believes that there are at least
132 hostages still in clutches of Hamas
now for releasing these hostages Hamas
had demanded complete withdrawal of idea
from Gaza and uh that the war should be
over but Israel had clearly refused to
this condition so now after several
rounds of talks it seems that Hamas is
indeed ready for some sort of ceasefire
and release of hostages Qatar believes
that if this uh ceasefire does happen it
would be a basis for a longer ceasefire
and more uh stability in the ceasefire
and some peace now before this the
ceasefire which had actually taken place
was in November and it had lasted for
around 8 Days 105 hostages were released
uh during this period and uh around 240
Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails
were released in this swap According to
some data there are at least 5200
Palestinian prisoners in jail uh in
Israel and there are at least 170 of
them are juveniles so this swap if this
swap indeed takes place then the
hostages have a chance of being released
by Hamas and a bigger number much bigger
number of Palestinian prisoners would
also be released because Hamas would be
asking for more Palestinian prisoners uh
in exchange for all the male hostages
who are still with uh Hamas so if uh the
deal actually goes through there would
be another ceasefire and it may indeed
last longer in Delhi kadam bini Sharma
for
NDTV