we are very clear that we have to find
the two-state solution uh and it's not
something you know we don't say
different things in Israel and different
things in Palestine when I spoke about
managing relationships we we we have no
hesitation in saying that
[Music]
publicly
[Music]
finally on the
Israel
uh you know our position here because
that's in a way an answer we are very
very clear that what happened on October
7th was
terrorist okay there is cannot be any
defense of it there cannot be any
caveats to it uh I think we need to be
we need to call that out which we did uh
very
unambiguously now in terms of how the
Israelis are responding we've also taken
the view that in any response you know
the uh care has to be taken about
civilian casualties International
humanitarian law uh needs to be uh
observed and we are at a situation today
where clearly uh the need is to find a
way of delivering humanitarian Aid uh to
a civilian population on a sustainable
basis but beyond that uh I think uh uh
there is a larger longer term issue
really uh which is some of these May
answers for this problem but what do you
do on a more permanent basis and we are
very clear that we have to find the
two-state solution uh and it's not
something you know we don't say
different things in Israel and different
things in Palestine when I spoke about
managing relationships we we we have no
hesitation in saying that publicly
[Music]
[Applause]
what the changes in India's population
and the difference very special guest on
the record the interview the role that
the U us side played at that point of
time assume my phone is tapped I can
Pakistan has a unique negotiating St
Rising confidence of India under prime
minister Narendra Modi communist China
is the greatest threat there will come a
day that we will see far more radical
extremist I'm uh I'm still a little
perplexed by why your daily dose of news
from India and across the world Cutting
Edge views and
Analysis tune in to HD videos click on
the Bell icon to
subscribe