Egypt on Wednesday opened its border
through the Rafa Crossing to allow
limited evacuations of the injured and
foreigners the Border will be open again
for the second day on Thursday are e Des
us
off a total of 335 foreign passport
holders were allowed to leave Gaza via
the Rafa Crossing on Wednesday as well
as 76 Palestinians who are seriously
injured due to the ongoing air strikes
in the region Rafa Crossing is expected
to be opened for the second straight day
on Thursday to allow more foreign
Nationals stuck in Gaza to evacuate
safely to Egypt according to sources the
list of those allowed to evacuate
through the crossing will be agreed
between Egypt and Israel with embassies
from respective countries being informed
in advance to ensure they can prepare to
receive their citizens meanwhile the
Israeli military conducted an air strike
in the jabalia area of Northern Gaza for
the second straight Day on on Wednesday
while the number of casualties from the
second air strike has not been confirmed
gaza's Health Ministry says dozens of
people were killed or wounded in the
latest attack according to the United
Nations there are some 116,000
registered refugees in the camp which
was set up in the aftermath of the 1948
Arab Israeli War while Israel says it
had targeted high-ranking Hamas
officials hiding in the camp and
eliminated a top Hamas Commander the
Palestinian militant group has has
dismissed a claim and instead noted that
seven of the hostages taken from Israel
including three foreign passport holders
were killed in the strike the statement
from Hamas has not yet been verified the
combined Israeli and Palestinian death
toll has now surpassed 10,000 gaza's
Health Ministry says over 8,800
Palestinians have been killed so far
with around 1,400 deaths reported in
Israel children make up a third of the
total death toll e
news