now day three of Israel Hamas Tru saw
the release of the first US hostage US
President Joe Biden announced the
release of the four-year-old American
Israeli hostage adding that he would
want to keep the paws to continue the
hostage release and this comes as
Israeli president ISAC hero confirmed
that he wants a coalition of the Israel
the Us and other countries to take
charge of Gaza he said and I quote him
here there must be and will be an
international involvement Palestinian
involvement Israeli involvement some
sort of a formation that is effective
enough but also represents the various
interests this is the vision it has to
be an interim process until there will
be an exiting where we all are sure that
Kaza is not anymore a terror base
unquote now the president made these
comments as media Reports say that
Tesla's CEO and ex-owner Elon Musk will
soon meet Israeli president ISAC
hzo meanwhile the third day of Truth saw
the release of another 17 hostages held
in Gaza by Hamas
on the other hand a crowd in ramala
celebrated the release of Palestinians
from Israeli
prisons Israel's IDF has released a
video showing 200 trucks entering Gaza
and the head of idf's Aid coordinator
said that over 2,000 trucks have entered
Gaza since the start of the war
transferring water food and medical
equipment IDF also released new
information stating that prior to the
operational
pause prior to the operational pause IDF
aircraft eliminated five senior Hamas
commanders in
Gaza on the other hand the fighting does
not seem to be at a halt at Israel's
borders Syrian media has reported that
Israeli air strikes on Sunday made
Damascus Airport inoperable just hours
after flights resumed following a
similar attack last month and according
to the britain-based Syrian Observatory
for human rights Israeli war planes
carried out a new raid targeting
Damascus International Airport putting
it out of service again and this comes
as a US Navy vessel responded to a
distress call on Sunday from an Israeli
linked tanker off the coast of Yemen in
the Gulf of Aden and the vessel is
managed by zodiac Maritime a
london-based international ship
management company owned by Israeli
billionaire now one of the US officials
said that the USS warship has responded
to the distress calls and the tanker was
now
free
[Music]