relations mr. president a new US
administration means new prospects for
the israeli-palestinian conflict in his
first meeting with US President Donald
Trump Palestinian President Mahmoud
Abbas is expected to urge him to support
the bid for an independent Palestinian
state peace talks were put on hold while
Israel continued to build illegal
settlements actions strongly condemned
by the Obama administration
but it seems Trump's rhetoric on the
subject has softened as far as
settlements I'd like to see you hold
back on settlements for a little bit
we'll work something out but I would
like to see a deal be made I think a
deal will be made Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu has expressed his
willingness to talk to the Trump
administration about reining in
settlement construction in the occupied
West Bank but that does not include the
most recently announced constructions or
occupied East Jerusalem I hope that the
expectations in Ramallah are low if the
expectations are high then I think
they're likely to be a met it's
interesting to me that the Palestinians
are actually signaling quite a bit of
optimism personally I'm not sure that
that optimism is very well
founded and although he's known to be
one of the more moderate voices in
Palestine Abbas gets a lot of backing
from the international community unlike
their main rival Hamas which controls
the Gaza Strip but just this week Hamas
unveiled a manifesto which dramatically
tones down their rhetoric towards Israel
the new program sees the group accepting
the formation of a Palestinian state
along the 1967 borders this would
include the Gaza Strip the occupied West
Bank and East Jerusalem famed Hamas Tata
Buell Hamas considers the establishment
of a Palestinian state sovereign and
complete on the basis of the June 4th
1967 with Jerusalem as its capital
for Mahmoud Abbas receiving the backing
of the US administration could be
crucial to his survival because he's
been in power for nearly ten years with
little progress toward independence with
sporadic violence on the streets of
Jerusalem and the West Bank any failure
to get strong support from Trump could
potentially strengthen Hamas and give
even more power to a bosses main rival
Keisha Ferguson trt world
[Music]