a day after the United National General
Assembly passed a resolution asking the
international court of justice for its
opinion on legal consequences of
Israel's occupation of the Palestinian
territories Benjamin Netanyahu accused
the global body of distorting historical
facts in a video message the Israeli
Prime Minister called the United Nations
decision despicable and said that his
country was not bound by it the United
Nations General Assembly votes has come
as a challenge to the China who who took
oath as a head of his government just
last week netanyahu's coalition
government has settlement expansion as a
priority in the agenda
his coalition government includes
parties who want to Annex the West Bank
s alone
on Friday the United Nations General
Assembly resolution called on the Hague
based International court of justice to
render urgently an advisory opinion on
Israel's prolonged occupation settlement
and annexation of Palestinian territory
the vote also called for an
investigation into Israeli measures
aimed at altering the Democratic
demographic composition character and
status of the holy city of Jerusalem and
said Israel has adopted discriminatory
legislation and measures the
Palestinians welcome the United Nations
resolution in which 87 members voted in
favor of adopting the requests while
Israel the United States and 24 other
members voted against it Israel captured
the West Bank Gaza and East Jerusalem in
a
1967 war it withdrew from Gaza in 2005
but along with neighboring Egypt
controls the enclaves borders
the Hardline group Hamas took over Gaza
in 2007 after a brief civil war with
more moderate Palestinian Rivals Hamas
and Israel have since fought three Gaza
Wars Israel considers the West Bank to
be disputed territory and has built
dozens of settlements that are now home
to roughly 500 000 Jewish settlers the
icj last issued an advisory opinion on
the conflict in 2004 when it ruled that
an Israeli separation barrier was
illegal Israel had rejected that ruling
accusing the court of being politically
motivated the international court of
justice is a top United Nations course
dealing with disputes between states its
rulings are binding though the icj has
no power to enforce those rulings
foreign
is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move
[Music]