now viewers the chances of this becoming
a wider conflict which engulfes several
aspects and players in the West Asian
region that is a fear that is looming
big on everyone Iran's foreign minister
whose government supports Hamas and
other West Asian militant groups WS of
opening a new front against Israel would
depend on Israel's actions in Gaza
they're all watching what Israel does
next although tan has been a long-term
backer of Hamas Iranian officials have
been admin that the country had no
involvement in the attack against Israel
last
week
Israel which has W to crush Hamas is now
preparing for a possible ground
offensive while the country's political
and military leaders weigh the next move
they are nervously watching Hezbollah on
Israel's northern border and have sent
troop reinforcements to the area as well
Hezbollah with an arsenal of tens of
thousands of rockets and missil capable
of hitting virtually anywhere in Israel
is viewed as a far more formidable for
than Hamas hence Israel is anxious that
opening a new front in the country's
North could change the tide of the war
with hezbollah's military caliber far
superior than that of Hamas but the
fighting could be equally devastating
for hisbah and Lebanon and as the Israel
Hamas War continues to enrage Egypt's
President on Thursday said that gazans
must stay steadfast and remain on their
land and this happened amid calls for
Cairo to allow safe passage for
civilians stuck in Gaza during a
military ceremony the president further
added that the delivery of Aid during
the ongoing Israel Hamas war will
continue and even affirmed cairo's firm
position in providing Palestinians
legitimate rights the Rafa border
crossing between Egypt and Gaza is the
only passage not controlled by Israel
Israel has bombarded the Hamas ruled
Gaza strips since last week in
retaliation to Hamas surprise attacks
that until now has killed 1300 people in
Israel with over 1500 deaths in Gaza
Egypt has pushed for a diplomatic
solution and called for restraint from
both sides the president even asserted
that his country's National Security was
his primary
[Music]
responsibility