three IEDs improvised explosive devices
were detonated at two different
locations in the northern Gaza Strip in
one of those instances our forces were
also fired upon and our forces returned
fire towards the source of that gunfire
this was a clear violation of the rules
of the hostage release pors the safety
of our forces remains our top priority
and we repeat that any attempt to harm
our forces especially during this
hostage release pause but of course
during ongoing hostilities will be met
forcefully the government of Israel is
committed to securing the return of all
the hostages and missing persons we are
committed to the pledge there will be no
one left behind and when Hamas stops
giving back hostages we will resume
military pressure in order to bring them
all home the latest numbers at 161
people remain as hostages in the Gaza
Strip that number includes 146 Israelis
and 15 foreigners that doesn't include
dual Nationals 126 are men and 35 are
women there are still four children
under the age of 18 four aged 18 to 19
and 10 people aged 75 uh and older
including the husbands of many of the
elderly women who have been released
from captivity and now returning home
with their husbands still hostages of
Hamas as the survivors of Hamas cap
activ ity return home over the last week
we're beginning to discover new chilling
details about life as Hamas hostages I'm
of course not at Liberty to share
information from the official
investigations but the evidence that the
families have been sharing with the
media is chilling the hostages were not
held in reasonable conditions as some
have cynically claimed our children were
serially abused just like Hamas recorded
its own crimes against humanity on
October 7th it continues to document it
own atrocities releasing footage of
crowds terrorizing the hostages in their
final moments of captivity Health
Ministry has reported that elderly women
abducted by Hamas lost between 8 and 15
kilos on average as well as of course
being denied vital medication this is
starvation this is abuse this is torture