on the president's discussion today with
prime minister Netanyahu they obviously
talked abroad a broad range of global
and Regional issues a mutual concern the
president underscored his Ironclad
unwavering commitment to Israel's
security
and he condemned recent acts of Terror
against Israeli citizens the two
consulted on our close coordination to
counter Iran including through regular
and ongoing joint military exercises
they noted that U.S that the U.S Israel
partnership remains a Cornerstone in
preventing Iran from ever acquiring a
nuclear weapon the president stressed
the need to take measures to maintain
the viability of a two-state solution
and to improve the security situation in
the West Bank to that end he welcomed
Israel's willingness to consider new
steps to support Palestinian livelihoods
and recognized promising steps by the
Palestinian Authority for their part to
reassert Security Control in Janine and
other areas of the West Bank
he expressed concern about continued
settlement growth and called on all
parties to refrain from further
unilateral measures the two leaders
agreed to consult with regional partners
with the aim of convening a meeting soon
in the Aqaba Sharm format as soon as
possible they also consulted on progress
towards establishing a more integrated
prosperous and peaceful Middle East
including through efforts to deepen and
expand normalization with countries in
the region and Beyond
finally President Biden reiterated in
the context of the current debate in
Israel about judicial reform the need
for the broadest possible consensus and
that shared Democratic Values have
always been and must remain a Hallmark
of the U.S Israel relationship
they have they have agreed that there
will meet probably before the end of
this year and all the details of the the
wears and the winds are still being
worked out we what we have found to be a
useful process here is dialogue and
diplomacy these are two leaders that
know each other have known each other
for a long time
um and as friends can and friends should
you speak honestly openly forthrightly
candidly you lay it out there and
President Biden has done that he's done
it publicly with respect to the judicial
reforms and and he'll continue to do it
in his conversations with Israeli
leaders