where the party Left Behind
sleeping that
mances the
power we started to get panic before we
saw the shooting and the terrorist we
start to get panic but we was calm we
are just used used to this we just used
to Rockets we used to s d alerts uh but
when we saw the terrorist the Panic
start because we we understood that we
in a situation that's much much bigger
than we thought and in a situation that
there is someone that is 20 10 m with
you with guns and trying to kill
you
[Music]
the car was driving we saw car driving
with dead people in the car
so in this situation we understand that
we need to escape and do anything that
we do and if the in the beginning we was
going slowly and just laugh and and and
didn't take seriously the situation
after we saw the terrorist the situation
was get very very uh nervous and uh
[Music]
Panic there was a couple of guns that I
saw in my eyes the first one was AK
kalachnikov they was shooting in this
gun with in automatic uh uh stage I saw
an AK I I didn't saw the snipers but I
heard the sniper ERS in 100% I again I
was a sniper Commander I know how it's
[Music]
heard I normally don't use my phone on
The Jewish Sabbath but it was an
emergency and I needed to know where my
son was so I turned my phone on I
believe at 8:23 in the morning and when
I turned it on there were two texts in a
row from hirs at
8811 uh the first one said I love you
and immediately at 811 also it said I'm
sorry people young people from the music
festival two young women three other
young men they were put on a pickup
truck and driven Away by Hamas uh then
the police told us one thing they knew
is that the last known signal cell
signal from his phone was on the border
with
[Music]
Gaza