the the UN Human Rights Chief uh Mr Turk
uh said to say that Israel may be using
uh food or or or lack of food as a as a
weapon of War uh which of course would
be a war crime is does us have us have a
reaction to his remarks so uh let me
just say that is not something that uh
we have observed or witnessed but uh we
continue to be deeply concerned about
the report that indic that's indicating
that famine is eminent in Gaza uh this
report makes clear um that uh the amount
of Aid reaching uh the people in Gaza is
insufficient um and that more needs to
be done we need to redouble our efforts
to ensure that Aid can get to the places
that it needs to go both uh you heard me
talk a about about this a little bit
yesterday via land routs uh via air
drops and uh this um forthcoming
Maritime Corridor as well um the there
is a lot of work that needs to be done
to ensure that this kind of Aid can get
to the kind of places that it needs to
go um I will just also add though Sean
that um yesterday we H saw um 69 trucks
enter um via Rafa and in response to I
believe Simon's question yesterday spoke
about um an 18 truck Convoy uh making
its way from the south to the north and
uh We've also seen reports of 182 trucks
entering yesterday via Kum Shalom um
these are all um helpful met metc and
good steps in the right direction but to
Echo again what I said yesterday uh more
needs to be done uh to help address this
Stark and devastating uh reality in Gaza
right now uh just to follow up on that
of course you mentioned things that are
being done to to include by the United
States to alleviate the situation but
why is it that the US disagrees with the
assessment of of Mr Turk that um that
there's a that that it's that it's been
used as a weapon of War because we're
seeing Aid and food and um uh and and
these kinds of uh Provisions enter Gaza
um they uh were they are not entering at
the rate or clip that they need to be
they are not entering fast enough
they're not getting to the places that
they need to go
um and that's why we've called for more
um but I'm not I'm not in a place to
offer any kind of like legal or
geopolitical assessment um and it's
certainly not one that we uh have seen
or characterized