free
free at a protest calling for a
ceasefire words that caused shock and
widespread
[Music]
condemnation resistance cheers of
support for statements glorifying the
October 7th attacks when according to
Israel Hamas killed nearly 1200 people
in southern Israel and about 250 people
were taken hostage I was shocked and it
takes a lot to shock me at this point
because fortunately I've been shocked so
many times about incidents taking place
here in Canada since October 7th that
you know I didn't even know that there
was still shock left in me all Party
leaders condemned the comments including
prime minister Justin Trudeau who posted
on social media saying there is a
difference between peaceful protest and
hateful intimidation it is
unconscionable to glorify the
anti-semitic violence and murder
perpetrated by Hamas on October 7th this
rhetoric has no place in Canada
none Ottawa Police say they're working
with the crown to see if charges can be
laid if there is hate crime that is said
um it is not something that we tolerate
and we will fully investigate um any
hate crime sometimes though um it is
very obvious that it's a hate crime
other times it is uh difficult to um to
hear specifically and and the words
matter specific words do matter and
sometimes it is difficult to fully
understand what they've
said but experts say the bar is very
very high for prosecutors to allege that
speech crosses the threshold into hate
speech some of these Hallmarks are
include things like describing the
members of the group as animalistic or
subhuman or as preying on children or as
inherently violent in character I think
that gives you some sense of how extreme
the speech must be whether or not
charges are laid members of Canada's
Jewish Community say anti-Semitism is on
the rise and the comments made at last
weekend's protest mark an escalation
in an already difficult time Kate
McKenna CBC News Ottawa