good evening thank you for joining us
I'm Yun jangmin we continue with our
coverage of Gaza where the Israeli
military has ordered a population in the
north of The Enclave to move to the
South within 24 hours this as the ground
operation is expected in the coming days
the number of casualties and refugees is
already snowballing in that area after
days of the Israel Hamas War P has the
latest
buildings have been destroyed beyond all
recognition in Gaza under a continuous
bombardment from the Israel Defense
Force in the six days since the
Palestinian terrorist group Hamas
launched a murderous attack on Israel
now the IDF has notified the United
Nations that from midnight on Friday 1.1
million people living in Northern Gaza
must relocate to the south of the Wadi
Gaza Nature Reserve within the next 24
hours according to AP the idf's order
indicates an impending ground offensive
in Gaza City the enclave's largest city
within a few days even though the
Israeli military has not confirmed this
this warning also applies to un staff
and those Sheltering in un facilities
there a un spokesperson in New York said
the organization considers it impossible
for such a movement to take place
without devastating humanitarian
consequences the spokesperson added the
UN strongly appeals for any such order
if confirmed to be resented avoiding
what could transform what is already a
tragedy into a calamitous situation the
ongoing Israel Hamas War has already
left over 10,000 people injured and up
to 5,000 dead on both sides civilian
deaths in Gaza especially have been
rising following the idea of completely
cutting off Gaza and halting water fuel
electricity and Food Supplies the IDF
said it would maintain its Siege until
Hamas free the 150 hostage as it took
during the attacks on Israeli
settlements in towns the UN office for
the coordination of humanitarian Affairs
said there are over 420,000 displaced
people in the Gaza Strip who have lost
their homes as of Thursday local time
this was an increase of more than
880,000 compared to the day before ponu
arang news