it
[Music]
was from the river to the Sea River to
the Sea pal will be
free will be free from the river to the
sea from The River To The Sea Palestine
will be free Palestine will be free be
free free Palestine
fre hey hey ho ho zionism's got to go
hey hey ho
ho hey
ho hey he
ho has to
goyah
you refugees were return refugees will
[Applause]
return
I like have peace you know they can make
peace not just let them be trapped in
Gaza they can't even go
out you know you have to pass by if you
walk in with a young man or a son or
something they'll beat him up and
they'll catch him they think he did
something so it's just kind of like
scares me okay my were born here and
they can scar to go back because of
what's going
[Music]
on
only is
only the reolution for the reolution
[Music]
[Applause]
the whole reason I'm yelling is because
the powers that be in New York City and
New York State don't want this rally to
happen mayor Eric Adams the mayor AR
Adam perhaps the police chief we've seen
that the governor has denounced this
rally
but they don't want us to have any
Amplified sound because they don't want
us to be heard by the people of New York
because they don't want people to know
that Palestinians are right to stand up
against occupation apar tide resistance
is not
[Applause]
terrorism
justifi Justified when people areon when
people
are
St state
when is under attack when is under
attack what do we
do what do we
do to the
Philippines to the Philippines stop the
US War Machine St the US War
machiney you will learn Nyah you will
learn
refuges refugees will return I'm here to
send a message that the Palestinian
people are not alone and that the people
of North America of the United States do
not consent to the United States
government giving unconditional Aid to
the Zionist settler state of
[Music]
Israel I feel responsible because we're
funding the Zionist War Machine that's
killing the
Palestinians
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
Palestine pal long palestin live palese
live
palese live
[Music]
palese