more than 100,000 people are expected to
attend today's demonstration in central
London showing their support for
palestin and calling for a complete
ceasefire this is happening despite a
full deep choose between Israel and
hamus and a hostage exchange with Hamas
agreeing to release 50 Israeli women and
children hostages in return for
Palestinians imprisoned in Israel this
is the seventh week in a row that people
are taking the streets of London to show
their support for Palestine organizers
of the demonstration including Palestine
solidarity campaign have been saying
they will continue unless there is a
complete ceasefire you've got hostages
on one side that have been released and
on the other side you've got people who
have been kept as prisoners let's get
this straight they were kept prisoners
not charged none of this yet they were
kept there and the so on one side is the
hostages have been released on the other
side is people who have been kept as
pris and this is women and children
Palestinians have been oppressed
targeted hiled up in prisons without
being uh held at trial or anything
complete oppression unfairness and now
there's all this media hooa about the
hostages being kept and it's just
completely unfair there's so much
hypocrisy going on so I feel I want
justice but I feel really angry about
the situation right now it is U
devastating to see what all the children
that have been uh massacred
and um yeah it's just uh as far as I'm
concerned uh something that we need to
stand up together uh within the country
to make it clear that what's happening
is unacceptable to pressure our
government Mt police say there will be
around 1,500 officers on duty over the
weekend and the pro Palestinian
protesters have been handed leafless
telling them what will L them in a Cell
it says to avoid ending up in our cells
don't use words or images that are
racist or inid hatred against any faith
that supports hammers or any other
banned organization and that celebrate
or promote acts of terrorism and Sunday
we also see the first national March
against anti-Semitism with organizers
expecting over 40,000 people to attend
lien cgtn Central London