I also want to say a word about the
situation in Israel the more we learned
about the attack the more horrifying it
becomes more than
1,000 1,000 innocent lives lost
including at least 27 Americans these
guys
make they make Al-Qaeda look pure
they're pure they're pure evil I said
from the beginning the United States
make no mistake about it stands with
Israel the United States stands
in Secretary State blinkin was in Israel
yesterday and Secretary of Defense
Austin is there today we're making sure
Israel has what it needs to defend
itself and respond to these attacks it's
also priority for me to urgently address
the humanitarian crisis in Gaza at my
direction our teams are working in the
region including communicating directly
with the governments of Israel Egypt
Jordan and other Arab Nations and the
United Nations to serve support and
humanitarian consequences for Hamas
attack to help Israel you know we have
to we can't lose sight of the fact that
the overwhelming majority of
Palestinians had nothing to do with
Hamas and Hamas is appalling attacks and
they're suffering as a result as well
this morning I spoke with the family
members of all those Americans who are
still unaccounted for on a zoom call for
about an hour and 10 15 minutes they're
they're going through agony not knowing
what the status of their sons daughters
husbands wives children are you know
it's gut-wrenching I assured them my
personal commitment to do everything
possible everything possible to return
every missing American to their families
we're working Round the Clock secure the
release of Americans held by Hamas in
close cooperation with Israel and our
partners around the region we're not
going to stop till we bring them them
[Music]
home
[Music]
[Music]