in Gaza there is no end to the horror
day in day out body after
body laid side by side covered with sand
buried in a mass grave near the southern
city of Rafa the Israeli military handed
over 80 bodies to Palestinian
officials and Here unverified video
shows men stripped to their underwear
and held by Israeli soldiers Sky News
has geolocated the video to yamuk
Stadium in Gaza City these civilians are
treated in such
inhumane um conditions dehumanized
humiliated civilians cannot be treated
like this this may constitute a war
crime Israel says it's sometimes
necessary to take suspects clothes to
search
them now there are fears of this
conflict widening the US has attacked
attacked Iranian backed militias in Iraq
after they struck a US Air Base in bbil
tension elsewhere too Israel the US and
Iranian backed militias have exchanged
fire across the region with strikes in
Iraq Lebanon Syria and off the coast of
Yemen until now they've been calibrated
but any one of these has the potential
to spark a wider Regional War Israel
says any attack will be met with
we are in a multi- Arena War we are
being attacked from seven different
sectors Gaza Lebanon Syria Judea and
Samaria Iraq Yemen and Iran we have
already responded and taken action in
these sectors and I say in the most
explicit way anyone who acts against us
is a potential Target there is no
immunity for
anyone in the West Bank Palestinians say
they're the ones being attacked by
Israeli settlers subi Al Shela says his
home was burned to the ground his land
and livelihood taken away two days after
the October 7 attack by Hamas he blames
settlers and says this is as close as he
can now get to his
land over 50 settlers were armed with
long rifles guns knives and machetes
they entered our homes and said the
houses are Blaze and they took away our
livestock 220 sheep West Bank violence
is on the rise Israel insists extremist
settlers are a min
minity the settlers took advantage of
the war in Gaza they expelled us from
the land and told us go away from here
this is an open
War and that is the fear a widening war
from Gaza to Lebanon to Iraq and Beyond
the conflict is contained for now but
for how long Nicole Johnston Sky News
Jerusalem