now in the wake of the US President Joe
Biden's recent visit to Israel
significant military developments are
taking place in areas near the Gaza
border now Israeli forces are
intensifying their efforts to establish
the Fortified positions along the border
to Target Hamas militants effectively my
colleague Pradip brings you the crown
report right now we are in one of the
forward locations in Gaza you can see
the new trenches are being dug right now
the machinary is at work and further
mobilization of tank is taking place
though ground assault is yet to be
conducted but yes all preparations are
being made to encircle Gaza area because
right now the priority is that movement
of people from Gaza area towards the sa
for region that's one of the reason that
a final assault is yet to start but all
I can show you right now is that with
the help of the machine JCP machine
they're digging trenches so that there
can be artillery guns can be placed and
with the help of these artillery guns
they want to Target all those areas
where actually Hamas terrorists are said
to be hiding today also we have seen
that we pinpointed and precision attacks
were conducted by israelian forces they
were not only able to Target some of
those areas where the hisbah terrorist
had been hiding but also where the Hamas
Commander had been hiding many of their
command and control centers have also
been decimated let me show you look at
this tank here here is a tank this
already you can see the guns are placed
at a position where from they can Target
Hamas areas now look at those other
areas also let me show you the number of
Tanks earlier this was a clear field but
now during the last 24 hours after
Biden's visit you can see more trenches
are being drug the preparations are
being made so that they can counter
Hamas they can decimate Hamas they can
demolish Hamas because all already Isel
have made up their mind that they will
not allow them to L now let me show you
more tanks are being taken to different
places so through with the help of these
vehicles they're taking these tanks to
different areas so that they are placed
at points from where they can Target
enemy
location