tension simma in Jerusalem as well Amit
the ongoing Israel Hamas offensive
here's a report from jerusalm fired by
ashat
Mishra
t
ter
organization
meanwhile India today's ashra vanani
also is reporting from South Lebanon
zahar where during night Israel fired a
series of missiles on residential homes
MOS this area has been vacated by
civilians and only hisbah fighters in
town are there to respond and fight back
Israel take a look at this
report India Today is the only channel
in the world which is on the Israel
border from Southern Lebanon and that
part of the Israel is the northern
Israel from where for last 4 days they
are striking missiles on the South
Lebanon here is one of the point you can
see this house one of the ises has hit
this house from this side there was
a number of uh
these these missiles which have hit this
yarin town on the southern border of
Lebanon in fact huh zoha zoha is this
town uh zoha where this you can see the
during last five hours the missiles shot
by from Israel towards the South Lebanon
and now you can see the damage and
luckily there was no one in this house
when this Missile hit the not only the
houses but in fact the only mosque here
on the southern border of Lebanon which
has got complete damage but when you
will go in this town you can see there
is not a single uh person living here in
the uh this area and all the area has
been been vacated in fact uh you can see
there are some Brides in that wall which
has been uh created by the Israel defend
its borders but during last five days
particularly on the Saturday and Sunday
we have seen that this wall was also
breached and the fighters from hisbah
have penetrated inside the northern
Israel when they are going to act there
that is not uh uh yet known but so far
the hisbah is completely prepared to
take now front with Israel because they
say the uh crime is committed by the
Israel in the southern Lebanon will be
Avenged and very soon Ashani in nor
Southern Lebanon on Israeli Border in
Lebanon