the roads through Northern Israel along
the border with Lebanon are empty of
cars since October the 7th the area has
been under bombardment from hisbah
militants it was shot from there and
enter through the wall here Ariel frish
the deputy head of security in kirat
schona a Frontline City shows me the
damage in a residential area we got
attacked by a great wave of missiles one
of the missiles hit this house nobody
was here because we evacuated the city
one week before and if we were not evacu
evacuated there will be no
survivors the IDF and hisbah have been
exchanging fire on a daily basis in the
north for more than 6 months and it
feels like a full-scale war may not be
far
away it is really eerie walking around
these places they're deserted most
people have left the government has in
place evacuation orders now lebanon's
over there that's where we told most of
the missiles are being fired from but
it's very quiet here we can hear bird
song but the noise from drones and war
planes above is also
constant up on the hill it's already a a
village of in Lebanon which is called
Elam a short distance from the border
and former IDF Commander Gideon Harari
who lives in one of the communities in
the line of fire says a major
confrontation is looking more likely the
shooting is daily
Rockets H
drones every day now is the the most
dangerous point in the Middle East for
the last 40 years if Israel will take
some measures military measures against
Iran it might drive us into a
Middle East
War a big
war the internally displaced have moved
to hotels and guest houses in safer
parts of Israel in tiberious the
evacuees can only wonder when it will be
safe to return the mood of the people in
Israel is very
frustrating and it's very dangerous to
live here because now it's the uh the
the threat from isbel the
north Israel now faces crisis on
multiple fronts but it is clear the
current situation in the north is
increasingly untenable it will not take
much for a broader War to
breakouts Alex Rossy Sky News Northern
Israel