meanwhile in israel the campaigning for
the election season has begun on
wednesday former prime minister and
leader of the opposition benjamin
netanyahu launched his economic plan and
the current prime minister yay lapid
launched his party's campaign to return
to government in the november poll our
correspondent jody cohen sends us this
report let's take a look
[Music]
speaking to a cheering crowd of over a
thousand party activists and taking to
twitter yair lapid officially launched
his party's election campaign
lapid denounced what he called
right-wing incitement and talked of his
plan for laws blocking netanyahu who is
under indictment from becoming prime
minister
he also pledged to fight the cost of
living and spoke of his supporters
mission
we have a shared purpose to ensure
israel is strong democratic jewish
liberal advanced and successful
[Music]
in an online broadcast the same day bibi
netanyahu spelt out his party's plan to
tackle inflation and the rising cost of
living he said a government's led by
likud will slow the growth in prices and
lower taxes
shalom citizens of israel our country is
in a deep economic crisis
this is not fate it is possible to exit
it only a stable government only a
stable national government can lower
prices
supporters claim their party is actually
more democratic than yeshua tid which is
israel's second largest party that's
because liquid members got to vote on
wednesday for who will stand for the
party in the upcoming election whereas
yasha tid's party list is chosen by yair
lapid himself and not by party members
polls continue to show liquid
consistently well ahead of yeshua tid
and also suggests bibi continues to be
the preferred candidate for prime
minister out of all the party heads
however it's still not clear if
netanyahu has enough support among the
political parties to be able to form a
coalition government this is jody cohen
for we on world is one beyond world is
one is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news updates on the move