I used to be honored in my household but
look at me now I sew slippers to avoid
walking barefoot isn't this a
manifestation of women's suffering all
Palestinian women endure similar
hardships for fat along with countless
other women here even the simplest tasks
have become daunting
obstacles the bathroom became
challenging in crowded times especially
with mixed gender occupancy girls
experience real embarrassment during
basic activities like eating drinking
using the restroom changing clothes or
managing menstration girls cannot handle
their period now with a lack of
education and resources Everything feels
lost every morsel and drop of water is
precious and uncertainty is constant as
the women of Gaza bear the weight of
their families and
communities I diligently followed upon
my son's treatment in Israel often
living him in the hospital while I
worked several jobs like house cleaning
to support my family and cover his
medical expenses despite my efforts Gaza
holds no promise for women many women
here Harbor dreams and Ambitions they
cannot realize living life in Gaza
devoid of Hope AR on the verge of
graduating as a physiotherapist has seen
her aspirations stold by the cycle of
violence and Devastation she says not
much hope is
left given the ongoing war and its dire
consequences our future appears Bleak I
once aspired to graduate establish a
clinic or work in a hospital striving
for equality with men however the war's
Devastation has left us with Shattered
Dreams our education ational
institutions lie in reins leaving us
without the means to pursue our
Ambitions their lives are challenging
but gaza's women also face the constant
threat of death according to Gaza
authorities the war has claimed the
lives of more than 9,000 women amid
gaza's landscape obliterated by War
women's stories of resilience Mark
International women's day their ongoing
fight and continued suffering demand
Global support and solidarity but most
urgently an end to this brutal War Nar
swi World RAF Southern
[Music]
Gaza