now the crisis over unva funding
continues as several key donor countries
to the UN agency refused to review their
decision at least 11 countries had
earlier said that they would halt their
fundings the decision follows Israeli
charges that some unva staffers took
part in hamas's October 7th attack unva
has fired several staffers and promised
a thorough investigation into the claims
which were not specified Israel has
vowed to stop the agency's work in Gaza
after the war now observers and Aid
workers said that the move by the donors
would exacerbate hunger even before the
conflict unva was struggling to secure
funding and warned that it was on the
word of a
collapse many of its 13,000 staff
members are refugees themselves and at
least
150 have been killed since the latest
Israel Gaza
War Egyptian foreign minister says that
he was surprised by the move to pause
Aura funding and said that it would lead
to more suffering for
Palestinians the Cairo based Arab League
said that the suspension of funding aims
to abandon relief efforts for millions
of Palestinian refugees the Turkish
foreign Ministry also urged countries
that had paused funding to reconsider
their move Palestinian Authority
president mammad Abbas accused Israel of
leading an OP oppressive campaign
against the
agency he said and I quote the campaign
aims to liquidate the issue of
Palestinian refugees senior Hamas
official Sami Abu Zuri said that the
Israeli accusations against anura were a
challenge to the international Court of
Justice's decision remember on Friday
the world court ordered Israel to
prevent acts of genocide in Gaza Israel
has been strongly critical of the United
Nations and in particular Antonio gues
the UN Chief since early in the
war Israel's then foreign minister Ellie
Cohen said on November 14th that the UN
Chief was not fit to head the
organization the body further stated
that gutterz had not done enough to
condemn Hamas and was too close to Iran
unva was set up to help refugees of War
at Israel's founding in the year 1948
and provides Education Health and Aid to
them in Gaza the West Bank Jordan Syria
and
Lebanon