this morning a bomb show report claims
Israel obtained the battle Plan used by
Hamas to carry out the October 7th
attack more than a year ago the New York
Times reports the Israeli military
reviewed a 40-page Hamas document last
year which called for a barrage of
rockets at the outset of the attack
drones to knock out the security cameras
and Automated machine guns along the
border Israeli intelligence reportedly
dismissed the plan as aspirational but
Hamas followed the blueprint with
shocking Precision ABC News has not
reviewed the document and Israel's
military declined to
comment meanwhile the ceasefire between
Israel and Hamas expired overnight
Israeli fighter jets once again striking
Hamas Targets in Gaza during the 7-Day
truce Hamas released more than 100
hostages including eight yesterday among
them Mia Shem the 21-year-old hugging
her mother after 55 days apart in
exchange for the hostages dozens more
Palestinian women and teenagers were
freed from Israeli prisons about 140
hostages remained in Gaza including
eight Americans us officials admit they
know little about their condition we
will not stop working until we get every
hostage back home with their families
and loved ones
at the same time we continue to Serge
humanitarian
assistance Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin now warning Israel to do more to
protect Palestinian civilians as the
fighting now shifts to Southern
Gaza hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for watching