Israel's prime minister says he's told
the US he opposes the establishment of a
Palestinian state after the war
prompting an immediate rebuke from
Washington CV's Judy Tren on the public
Rift between two
allies when the bombs stop the vision
Israel's prime minister has for the
territory is one that leaves Palestinian
dreams for Independence in the
rubble Israel must have security control
over all territory west of the River
Benjamin Netanyahu said it conflicts
with the two-state solution Advanced by
its biggest Ally the US and most of the
International Community the only way
forward for a safe and secure Israel is
to have a Palestinian state that is also
safe and secure netanyahu's comments
come as Middle East tensions rise today
Pakistan bombed extremists hiding in
Iran this morning's action was taken in
light of credible intelligence
of impending large scale terrorist
activities earlier this week Iran made
the same argument in Reverse when it
launched drone strikes on militants in
Pakistan Iraq and Syria Iran is also
arming houti rebels in
Yemen us fighter jets targeted houi
anti-ip missiles again one day after the
White House designated them a terrorist
group in Davos Israel's president urged
the world to pay attention to Iran's
ability to se chaos there is an Empire
of evil emanating from tan spending
billions of dollars in arms and money
and people's well-being to derail the
entire stability of the world and the
region back in Gaza the United Nations
says more than 60,000 people are injured
and 2 million people are at risk of
starvation Israel says 200 trucks a day
carrying humanitarian Aid are getting
through but air strikes continue in Rafa
another 16 Palestinians were killed
today you kill my children then send me
medication what use will I have for them
Palestinian officials say rebuilding
Gaza will cost at least 15 billion
dollar it's a price tag that will go up
Netanyahu says Hamas while weakened
isn't eradicated Omar Judy Trin in
Ottawa tonight