welcome back at more breaking news
coming in from the war zone as the war
rages between Israel and Hamas now
Israel's military has said it is
creating an iron wall of tanks at the
Gaza border remember as ground forces
move into Hamas held strongholds the IDF
has said it will create an iron wall of
tanks at the Gaza border to choke out is
Hamas fighters from the Gaza Strip
remember the IDF has already initiated a
blockade of the Gaza Strip and part of
that is creating this Iron Wall of tanks
at the Gaza border I'm joined by my
colleague sidhant who's getting us this
piece of break news as well so sidhant
the entire strategy is to create a
strangle hold around the Gaza Strip to
choke out the Hamas Fighters that's
right look you know Israelis were always
known for their border security
mechanism in fact the the fence uh
mechanism that they have is is well
known all across the word but this time
around because of this security breach
Invasion and the terrorist strike even
even you know other questions are being
raised on their border security canis
also uh but right now what we've been
told is that the idea is to turn the
entire border area with Lebanon Syria
and bordering Gaza Gaza areas into into
into a Iron Wall by deploying tanks and
heavy armored vehicles so from last 24
hours uh even more than that have been
getting videos and reports of Tanks
moving towards Gaza so the idea is to
deploy infantry heavy armored vehicle
tanks uh on the border so that you know
the Border can completely be sealed uh
this happened because of because of the
Border this happened because of the
borders were poor and and and you know
the Israeli forces were caught napping
on Saturday and because of which the
Hamas forces uh got inside and and and
there was a terror attack the idea is to
seal the borders with heavy armored
vehicles tanks and that is what they're
referring to as and as a as as
developing equivalent to developing an
iron wall on the border back to you
right thank you San for getting us that
piece of breaking news