Royal Navy destroyers and frates do not
have the capability to strike houti land
targets and this situation has been
described by a former UK defense Chief
as a scandal now this deficiency has
left the United States to strike land
targets against the houis alone a
British defense Source said that HMS
Diamond the Destroyer stationed in the
Red Sea had not joined retaliatory
strikes on houti targets instead it had
been directly involved in successfully
destroying houti drones targeting ships
in the Red Sea now this comes after a
British linked container ship caught
fire after becoming the latest vessel
targeted by houti rebels at the time the
Indian Navy
warship vishaka patnam came to the
rescue of the distressed vessel in the
Red Sea the captain of the Marlin lunda
thanked the Indian Navy who helped put
out a blaze on the
tanker half of the world knows that
yesterday we were strike stuck by a
missile in Gulf of Aiden due to this
missile attack the vessel was on fire
and uh it was not a small fire it was a
huge fire it's a loaded Tanger and I
hope people know that what happens if a
tanker goes on fire loaded tanker so I
really thank Indian warship I vishaka
patam they have done a really tremendous
job we had actually lost the hope that
uh we won't be able to fight this fire
but these guys were really
tough a former rare Admiral suggested
that the inability on show in the Red
Sea shows that the British armed forces
would be unable to withstand Chinese or
Russian warships another former senior
defense Chief said that it was
scandalous that Navy ships were not
currently equipped with surfac to
surface missiles now this comes as
several NATO members are facing warnings
about bolstering their militaries in the
event of an armed conflict most likely
with
Russia a Ministry of Defense
spokesperson stated I'm quoting here we
have already shown with our typhoon
capability that we are a leading Force
among other allies in defending the Red
Sea we are proud of our brave servicemen
and women for all they are doing it's
nonsense to suggest anything except that
we are playing a key
role
[Music]