a third meeting of the UN Security
Council and still deep divisions over
the Israel Hamas conflict member states
are trying to agree a resolution to
condemn Hamas and back ass cessation of
hostilities but as the negotiations
continue so does Israel's bombardment of
Gaza I'm deeply concerned about the
clear violations of international
humanitarian law that we are witnessing
in Gaza it is important to also
recognize the attacks by amas did not
happen in a
vacuum the Palestinian people have been
subjected to 56 years of suffocating
occupation his comments caused outrage
among several top Israeli officials
including the Minister of Foreign
Affairs who pointed to the several
children and babies killed or taken
hostage by Hamas
AIG 3 years
old tell me what is a proportionate
response for killing of babies is how
you can agree to a CIS fire with someone
who SW to kill and destroy your own
existence
how Israel's ambassador to the UN went a
step further this is a pure but blood
liel and I think that the Secretary
General must resign obviously our
government will have to uh to make to
reassess the our relations with the UN
and its officials that are stationed in
our region the Palestinian foreign
affairs minister adopted a more sober
tone as he responded also taking aim at
the security Council the ongoing
massacres being deliberately and
systematically and savagely perpetrated
by Israel under its illegal occupation
Must Be Stopped the security Council has
a duty to stop them continued failure at
this council is inexcusable let's not
forget that the United States is trying
to push a resolution for humanitarian
pauses while condemning Hamas for its
attacks Russia rejected the motion and
put forward its own draft including a
longer-lasting ceasefire both proposals
include measures to address shortages of
food water fuel and medical supplies in
Gaza