you've heard of a stabbing incident near
a checkpoint in West Jerusalem police
are saying Israeli forces Security
Forces shot the attacker two people were
wounded and taken to hospital let's get
all the lat from vill marks he joins us
now from occupied East Jerusalem so
first of all villm any more details uh
on this stabbing that happened just a
short while
ago this was at a checkpoint Laura just
around several kilometers to the
southwest of the city center quite close
to Bethlehem on the road traveling into
Jerusalem the attack according to a
police spokesperson was neutralized we
don't know the condition of that
individual we do know that a 19-year-old
and a 25-year-old according to the
Israeli Medical Services were brought to
a hospital here in Jerusalem for
treatment for minor to moderate stab
injuries this is the second stabbing
incident at that checkpoint since the
beginning of the war on Gaza the last
one was in November and saw five people
wounded and V we also um hearing about
this young boy uh overnight who was shot
by Israeli forces in the chest can you
tell us more about the circumstances
surrounding
that well there's an investigation that
is ongoing according to Israeli
authorities but the police did say that
he fired a firework in their direction
we don't have a huge amount of more
information we've been trying to reach
out to his friends and family inside
chuat Camp again not too far from
Jerusalem we do know that the minister
for National Security itamar benir has
publicly on a social media platform
saluted the Israeli sniper that he says
was responsible for this death okay vill
marks bringing us the latest there from
occupied East Jerusalem thanks very much
vill