Israel has amped up its attacks on the
Gaza Strip as the war rages on for the
fourth week meanwhile Benjamin nathany
has denied any possibility of a possible
ceasefire with Hamas the Israeli Defense
Forces said that they have struck more
than 600 sides identified by them as
militant Targets this as close to 8,600
Palestinians have been killed so far
over 3,000 of them children just days
after launching a ground offensive the
IDE of Tanks attacked Northern Gaza on
Monday the military claimed that four
key Hamas operatives have been killed
this has coordinated air and land raids
have been amped up in the wake of the
heighten attacks Israeli air strikes
also targeted areas just 50 m away from
the alud hospital the destruction comes
on the heels of the Palestinian red
crescent saying that Israeli officials
warn them to evacuate the
hospital we don't have the means to
evacuate Al's Hospital we have over 400
patients who are inside the hospital
many of them are in the Intensive Care
Unit evacuating them means killing them
that's why we refuse the evacuation
order we call on the International
Community to intervene immediately to
stop a humanitarian catastrophic that is
unfolding while the barrage of attacks
continues in Gaza tensions have also
escalated in the West Bank Israeli
soldiers shot dead four people during a
rate injury
thousands of moners took to the streets
during a funeral procession for the
killed
civilians Palestinians in West Bank have
been clashing with IDF personnel as
Israeli military carries out regular
raids in the region on Sunday night
Palestinian youngsters were seen hurling
stones at an Israeli bulldozer as
violence escal Ates in the region
meanwhile Israel has also bolstered its
presence on the Lebanon border tensions
between Israel and Hezbollah and Lebanon
have skyrocketed with both sides
regularly exchanging artillery
[Music]
fire Von is now available in your
country download the app now get all the
news on the move