a sight of Hope for Palestinians as Aid
drops from the sky amid growing fears of
famine nearly 6 months into Israel's
military campaign but the drop creates a
new danger Palestinian Health
authorities said on Tuesday 12 people
died attempting to reach these vital
supplies in this video obtained by
Reuters people in bit lahia in North
Gaza can be seen up to to their necks in
water trying to retrieve
boxes the desperation turns to despair
as lifeless bodies are seen dragged onto
the sand it is the latest in a string of
incidents involving deaths during Aid
deliveries in the tiny crowded
Palestinian Enclave some are foraging
for weeds to eat or baking barely edible
bread from animal
feed in terms of the aid one of the
biggest mistakes is that they are thrown
in dangerous places like the sea because
it leads to Drowning for those going to
get the
aid our problem is simple they can do it
through the land Crossings so that it
can reach these poor
people they can also do the aircraft
aird drops through areas that are wide
and big and let the police control the
aid and deliver it to the people
Aid agencies say about a fifth of
required supplies are entering Gaza as
Israel plows on with an air and ground
offensive triggered by hamas's October
7th attack they say deliveries by air or
sea directly onto Hamas run gaza's
beaches and no substitute for increased
supplies coming in by land via Israel or
Egypt this Palestinian man says the air
drops in the sea are a humiliation and
not the correct way to
work he says had rather smaller amounts
of Aid arrived than trying to retrieve
it from the water the United Nations has
urged Israel to allow unfitted Aid
access into the Gaza Strip describing
trucks blocked at the border is a moral
outrage Israel says it puts no limit on
the amount of humanitarian Aid entering
Gaza and blames problems in it reaching
civilians within the Enclave on un
agencies which IES are
[Music]
inefficient
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
to
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
see
[Music]
something
[Music]
[Music]
sh
[Music]
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Music]
yeah
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
o
[Music]