of CTV Scott Hurst he's got more for us
this morning on what is happening at the
border a lot of confusion Scott over the
weekend and definitely a lot of
disappointment for Canadians who are
hoping to escape what's the latest
what's going on yeah no doubt lots of
disappointment for Canadian citizens
permanent residents and their families
who are trying to get out of Gaza it
appeared Canada had a plan as you
mentioned to get more than 400 Canadian
citizens out but then the Border was
shut down on Saturday and Sunday no one
got out over the weekend in an update
this morning the Gaza border Authority
did put an update saying it is now open
to Egyptians and foreign Nationals
who've been on the list since November
1st what this means exactly for
Canadians is unsure at this point we
have reached out to Global Affairs
Canada to find out if this means
Canadians will be able to get out today
or early tomorrow still waiting on word
back from Global Affairs Canada but it
did appear Canada had had a plan to get
more than 400 Canadians out 200 on
Sunday and another 200 plus on Monday
that's what we heard from the Canadian
ambassador to Egypt speaking on ctv's
power play with vashy capelos yesterday
here's more from what he had to
say so the conversation I would say
started before the standstill where we
were in touch with the Canadians and the
permanent residents and family members
on the other side uh we were hopeful
that uh you know from all the indication
we had received that
we would have uh 200 Canadians come
through on uh on Sunday
216 coming through the following day but
then disagreement happened between Hamas
uh Egypt and Israel on individuals
crossing the border Marcia at this point
more than 1,00 people have been able to
get out but uh nothing official in terms
of getting Canadians out through the
Canadian government as we wait to find
out exactly with the border now back
open after being closed over the weekend
what this means for Canadians desperate
to get out of the war ravaged region all
right Scott Hurst thank you so much for
that