we started running and at this moment a
huge crowd started running as well to to
the same area and I told my friend
listen we can't run with the crowd
because if there's a terrorist right now
chasing them we need to avoid a big
crowd because he will keep going after
them so we started running around
looking for places we hid between some
trees the gunshots were really loud and
really close I could hear the gun's
chamber going back against the gun like
it was this close at this moment I I
thought that this is it we're not going
to survive
this we were getting shot at at this
point I could hear the bullets whistling
when they passed by and we did see a big
amount of bodies when we were there we
are hearing terrorists passing by we
were hearing them laughing
we were hearing them talking I could
even hear their footsteps we were like
not moving a muscle not even breathing
because we knew that if we did something
wrong this is it this is the end for us
we could end killed or even worse
kidnapped luckily luckily they never saw
us he messaged me listen stay safe stay
put stay hidden I'm coming to get you no
matter what I'm getting you out safely
and I could never be ni thankful for
what he did for us he risked his life to
save us he drove us to a safe place this
is how by some sheer luck and Miracle we
survived this and from what I've heard
other stories around this is the
lightest story there is after this
incident Hamas must be a race the stuff
they did
is unimaginable like the act of monsters
I also feel sorry for the Palestinian
people over there at Gaza because they
are suffering because of Hamas right now
Hamas don't care about anyone not even
the people in Gaza or the West Bank they
care about eradicating the Jewish people
that are in Israel I know that everyone
wants to live peacefully provide their
family love each other no one wants to
fight war is bad for both sides