just like two hours before the IDF bom
uh a hospital right there causing like
over than 800 people die it's a hospital
what you got to do like why you P
Hospital they'll know have masks right
there so I don't know what they what the
hell they doing you know what I mean
like why are you pumping a hospital it's
just like they have just a patience and
people injure from the the pumping
that's go
like weeks to to days so I don't know I
don't know what the hell that's
happening right there I'm
so to me that's very sad innocent
civilians what did innocent civilians do
wrong put the blame where the blame
belongs and Hamas a terrorist
organization Hamas is like Isis Hamas is
like Isis so do I feel bad for innocent
civilians sure I feel bad for innocent
civilians in Gaza I feel bad for
innocent civilians in Israel a life is a
life a human life is a human life no
matter what we're all created in the
image of God all of
us
[Music]
come
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
I
100
people
show your
face
face
[Music]
and to the 500 people that were murdered
just today when Israel bombed a hospital
not even a Muslim Hospital a Christian
Hospital and so to like paint this as
like a Muslim Jewish thing it's not it's
absolutely not you know it's a human
rights thing and it's to
like speak for the people that are
playing for their lives I'm holding up a
sign of kidnapped individuals this is
not these are not IDF this is a
22-year-old Israeli American om a
38-year-old woman named LZ this is not
how this is is not the idea these are
individuals who are hostage My Hope Is
that we can bring them home and how are
they going to get home well let's start
with Hamas taking stopping this hostage
situation hundreds of hostages stuck in
Gaza right now you want the IDF to get
out of Gaza sure stop the hostages it's
a very simple answer
heree
Valentine
[Music]
Valentine