well social media platforms are flooded
with updates related to the ongoing
Israel Hamas War however several users
are accusing Instagram of censoring
their posts about Palestine Instagram
users are complaining that posts and
accounts are being Shadow banned on the
platform due to their Pro Palestinian
content Shadow Banning is when a social
media platform bans a users's content
from showing up without notifying the
user users of the meta owned platform
have noticed that their posts are no
longer appearing at the top of their
followers feeds some have also
complained of not being able to search
and interact with accounts that post Pro
Palestinian content social media watch
talk group has has have also said that
they suspect the platform is demoting uh
content related to the war with its
algorithm several influencers and
accounts are now using manipulative
tactics to ensure visibility on
Instagram this includes using hashtags
that promote Israel users are also
experimenting with ways such as adding
selfies between political commentaries
on their stories meta responded by
saying it is never Our intention to
suppress a particular Community or point
of view but uh due to higher volumes of
content being reported surrounded
surrounding the ongoing conflict content
that doesn't violate our policies may be
removed in error the company added that
these issues were due to the glitches in
its algorithm moderation system that
redu the reach of B around the globe
subject uh of subject matters this is
not the first time meta has come under
Fire as well for how its platforms
handle Pro Palestinian
content in 2021 Instagram cited
technical errors for deleting posts
regarding a possible eviction of
Palestinians from an East Jerusalem
neighborhood as
well
[Music]