now former US president Donald Trump
criticized President Joe Biden for his
foreign policies as Israel is at war
with Gaza uh the and also gaza's
militant group that controls the region
Hamas Trump talked about how the US
enemies have been taking advantage of
Biden's Administration on amidst a war
that claimed over 2,500 lives now Trump
and other Republicans have earlier tried
to lay blame on the Biden Administration
particularly citing the release of
nearly $6 billion in frozen assets to
Iran which is a supporter of Hamas
however Administration officials insist
that the money has not been spent
yet you have chaos Bloodshed War Terror
and death look what's happening today
because the occupant of the White House
is a laughing stock all over the world
America's enemies cannot believe how
lucky they got they got real lucky every
monster villain dictator and terrorist
and there plenty of them I know most of
them I got to know a lot of them all
over the planet they're having a field
day because they know they will never
have it better than they do with crooked
Joe who in many cases receed money from
those
countries Trump also defended his record
governing the US without any new Wars he
praised his administration's measures
against Islamic State militants further
pledging to prevent World War I if
reelected he said that under his
leadership the US would offer full
support to Israel in defeating
dismantling and permanently destroying
the militant group
Hamas that I'm the only candidate who
can make a promise that's a very
important promise the most important
promise that we can have I will pre
event World War II it's not going to
happen now Trump made the comments while
addressing to his supporters at an event
in Florida this as he campaigns at the
front runner in the 2024 Republican
primary race for the White House despite
four criminal cases against
[Music]
him