well there was no surprise at all about
the veto I mean we know that for a very
long time the US has cast dozens of
vetoes trying to shield Israel from
accountability by the international
community for its violations of
international law and this is just
another one of those I think from here I
mean it seems like there is every
indication that the Palestinians and
their allies are gonna be going to the
General Assembly for a vote where the
u.s. veto doesn't count and even though
I think they're gonna get their way
there we know that those who through the
General Assembly don't really have much
teeth so it's going to be an expression
of international solidarity with the
Palestinians but it's unclear whether
that's going to bring about any physical
change on the ground and when you really
think about the u.s. vetoes on this
particular issue I mean the u.s. cast
more vetoes you know we heard nikki
Haley talking about the u.s. reluctance
to use a veto well the u.s. used its
veto to shield Israel more times than
every other member of the UN Security
Council voted the be to'd any resolution
combined all of them put together so
this is obviously something that is
inherently broken that has to be fixed
and it's really on the Palestinians at
this point to figure out other ways to
hold Israel accountable that don't
involve us mediation or the UN Security
Council they're probably going to have
to go to the International Criminal
Court to try to get some justice for
Israel's violations and at the end of
the day they're gonna have to figure out
a different process I'm not sure what
the strategy would have to be at this
point but at least we know that we are
done with this failed process by which
the us pretend to be a mediator when in
effect they're an active participant in
Israel's assault on Palestinian rights
you
[Music]