thank you
[Music]
the escalation of violence between
Palestinian factions in Gaza and Israel
has ended for now with no official
ceasefire the Friday prayer at Al-Aqsa
mosque also finished peacefully but the
silence was soon broken
late Friday an attack in Tel Aviv
claimed the life of a 35 year old
Italian and injured several other
tourists
I responded to a call of a terror attack
by car here in the boardwalk in Tel Aviv
and Herbert Samuel we later later
realized we have eight injured and
varying levels of severity and one of
them sadly passed away on scene four
three of them have been morally injured
and four have been lightly injured all
evacuated to the nearest medical centers
here in Tel Aviv
uh it later turned out that the patients
all have been tourists that came here
just for to spend their evenings and we
wish on all of them good health and a
fast recovery
it was determined that the alleged
attacker was Yusuf abujabi 44 years old
were residing in the Israeli city of
kaffirkasa and he was shot dead at the
scene Israeli police say it was a car
running attack
the vehicle traveling south overturned
at some point police in the area
approach and identified the vehicle and
also a weapon inside the car when the
suspect tried to reach for the weapon
the police shot and killed him
also on Friday another shooting attack
occurred in the Jordan Valley the cubao
West Bank two scissors were killed and
their mother endured when they were shot
while traveling inside their car the
attacker is yet to be identified
currently our forces are operating in
the field searching for the terrorists
it's only a matter of time and not much
time until we settle the account with
them as we settle the account with the
older murderers without exception over
the last months the Israeli Prime
Minister has now called to mobilize all
Reserve Border Police units against more
attacks
so far there is no information about the
motivation behind the latest attacks in
Tel Aviv and occupy West Bank and not
immediate the claim of responsibility
some analysts say the violence is a
result of Israeli aggression against
Palestinians and for now there is no
sign yet that the Israeli attacks on
Palestinians will stop musofatio theater
World occupied in Jerusalem
[Music]
foreign
[Music]