all over Gaza people queue with
dwindling hopes of getting their hands
on food fuel or water after cutting off
all supplies on October 9th on Sunday
Israel announced it would pipe some
water into The Enclave but it isn't
going nearly far
enough my mother tells me to come and
fill up the water bottles sometimes we
wait for our turn for 2 hours and at the
end we find out there is no water
anymore gaza's Wells and seawater disal
ation plants are also out of action
because of the lack of fuel and
electricity forcing people to turn to
Desperate Measures and raising the risk
of
disease we have children and we make
them milk using salt water and this is
dangerous for them we drink and we clean
using salt water the shortages are also
hitting the strip's six remaining
hospitals which are on the point of
collapse according to
NG there's a constant flow of injured
people who can no longer be treated
because of a lack of staff and
medicines there's no hygiene there's not
enough water there's no
electricity one of our surgeons said
that the patients he had operated on
during the day would probably have to
have their limbs amputated in the next
few days because they would not be able
to provide sufficient care for them to
keep their
limbs roughly half of gaza's population
is displaced with 60% now crammed into
the approximately 14 km long area south
of the Evac uation Zone the UN estimates
there are 2 or 3 days worth of food left
in gaza's shops it said the strip will
need about 100 trucks evade a day when
the Raffa Crossing reopens the level
before the current conflict broke out
that looks like wishful thinking with
Israel only agreeing on Wednesday to
limited deliveries of food water or
medicine from Egypt and making no
mention of fuel which is badly needed
for Hospital generators