the Israeli Air Force is preparing the
country's air defenses for future
attacks from Iran Israel says 99% of the
over 300 missiles and drones which were
launched by Iran on Saturday were
intercepted and it banked on the Arrow 3
now the formidable missile defense
system hit a key Milestone here and
here's all you need to know about Arrow
3 boas Levy chief executive of
state-owned Israel Aerospace Industries
the primary builder of the Aeros system
stated that the system system has been
operational for decades in a key
Milestone on Saturday the arrow 3 was
used for the very first time against
ballistic missiles in a salvo scenario
the missile defense system effectively
intercepted Munitions inside and outside
the atmosphere the arrow success on
Saturday night in defending Israel is
likely to please Germany which recently
signed a contract with Israel and the
United States to procure the arrow 3
system now the arrow 3 is a US isra
built missile defense Interceptor
designed to defeat medium-range
ballistic missiles the missile uses a
hit to kill Warhead to engage Targets in
space as well and it is the longest
range Interceptor currently fielded with
the arrow weapon system complimenting
the arrow 2 which engages Targets in the
upper atmosphere so the arrow 3
Interceptor interfaces with the arrow
weapon system which includes a launcher
groundbased radar and battle management
system the arrow 3 missile consists of a
two-stage solid fueled booster with a
separating kinetic kill
vehicle the missile fits in a 21in
vertical launch tube and has an
estimated fly out range of up to 2400 km
now the arrow 3's boosters and kill
vehicle employed thrust vector control
for maneuvering and as for the center
for strategic and international studies
the Interceptor also includes a
Deployable rare flare for added
aerodynamic stability
if Israel Strikes Back at Iran it could
risk losing international support and
have to defend its airspace alone but
the arrow 3 has proved itself to be more
than capable of holding off any kind of
projectiles coming towards Israel like
the one we saw recently which are fired
from Iran
[Music]