the humanitarian crisis in Gaza is
poised to become even more horrific
today the UN is warning that fuel
Reserves at hospitals in Gaza are about
to run out by the end of today they've
also run out of water at United Nations
hospitals Global News can't access the
Gaza Strip but a freelance journalist
inside has sent us video of civilians
scrambling to get a hold of scraps of
bread and there is no way out Israel has
warned that if civilians try and flee
across the border to Israel they risk
being shot to death death and the only
other viable Passage would be to Egypt
and that door remains shut to would be
Palestinian refugees the humanitarian
crisis there being exacerbated by the
fact that thousands of people from Gaza
in the north fled south over the past
few days after an evacuation order the
UN says that Israel told civilians to
get out of the northern half of the Gaza
Strip and set a deadline of midnight on
Friday suggesting that Israel was about
to launch its widely anticipated ground
assault that deadline of midnight Friday
of course has long since passed here we
are on Monday still no sign of that
ground assault everyone here watching
and waiting to see what the Israeli
military will do next we cannot wait uh
too long I mean we know that Hamas is
waiting for us we know that they
prepared traps for us okay and we have
to be very tricky and very cautious uh
but uh we have no any any other option
but to um to to do this uh ground ground
mission and uh it will be done it will
be done sooner than later in the
meantime US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin is here in Israel today meeting
with the Israeli president Benjamin
Netanyahu the US has also sent aircraft
carriers and ships to this region a show
of support that's really meant to send a
message to other countries and groups in
this region warning them not to get
involved particularly Iran and Hezbollah
both of which have suggested they would
take action if Israel moves forward with
a ground assault in Gaza and that if
that were to happen of course that risks
turning this crisis in Gaza into a
regional War Jeff simple Global News
Jerusalem