I thank the noble Lord but surely a
pause in fighting is not enough we need
a permanent ceasefire now but very
specifically I'm sure the noble Lord is
aware of the awful fate of six-year-old
hin rajab calling for help in the midst
of the bodies of her dead relatives who
appears to have died with two red
presentant would be Rescuers has the
government or will the government demand
answers from the Israeli government
about what happened to Hind and her
family and The Rescuers and is the
government challenging the Israeli
government at risks to hundreds of
thousands of children in Rafa now in the
path of the Israeli offensive surely
it's time to stop all armed shipments to
Israel as an uh Dutch court has demanded
that that state do and Implement
targeted sanctions against members of
the Israeli leadership particularly
those calling for new settlements in
Gaza and on the West Bank here here um
well thank Noble um lady asked a number
of questions there first of all the case
she raises is completely tragic and what
is happening in Gaza is tragic we want
to see an end to this suffering and end
to this killing let me just make this
point that the Poes we're calling for we
want to turn into a ceasefire by making
sure the position the the conditions are
right for getting a stop in the fighting
to mean a permanent ceasefire the way
you do that is while fulfilling a number
of conditions you've got to get in our
view the Hamas leaders out of Gaza
otherwise any ceasefire won't last
because the problem will still be there
you've got to dismantle the operation of
terrorist attacks you've got to have a
new Palestinian Authority government in
place you've got to give the pal
Palestinian people a political Horizon
to a better future and a two-state
solution and crucially you've got to
release all of the hostages and do that
very uh quickly she asked whether we
challenge uh the Israel government over
individual episodes yes we absolutely do
I've done that personally with them over
for instance a building that was bombed
at had UK Medics and other charities in
and we'll continue to do that as part of
the very important process that we go
through to judge whether they are in
compliance with International
humanitarian
law