well I think we have to say that this
plan is an Israeli plan that is being
introduced by the United States Israel
have shifted from a land or peace to
States understanding into an economic
development and what's called prosperity
toward peace which is offering the
Palestinian a golden cage as a
substitute for sovereignty for
independence for ending the occupation
and that's why you'll see the
Palestinians are rejecting this out of
handy this kushner Netanyahu Trump land
is dead on arrival because it does not
meet the minimum requirement for the
Palestinians the whole plan I just read
it as soon as it was released there is
not a mention a single mention of the
occupation of this expansion of
settlement the takeover of water from
the Palestinian aquifers the demolition
of homes in Jerusalem the annexation of
the Golan Heights the siege on Gaza so
all this is really not being addressed
as if the Palestinian problem for the
past hundred years have been right has
been only the Palestinians don't have
jobs a team but but the thing is that
this is just the economic side of the
plan which is being dubbed the deal of
the century this is just it's not the
political side well I think it's we have
to understand that we've been in
negotiations since Oslo and what has
transpired both on the economic front
and the political front simultaneously
is as Israel has devoured much more of
the West Bank so that's why the signing
of the Oslo agreement was in essence
that we will go into confidence-building
measures and what ended up is that
Israel did not upholding of its
obligation then that's why the
Palestinians are not interested once
again to be given a promise of a
paradise that is in essence will be a
golden cage it will be still under
occupation and I think what we need
development under the pretext of arc
Asian is the verity the reason that
Palestinians are not having prosperity
is precisely because of the existence of
occupation continued expensive
settlements and the strong foothold of
Israel over the Palestinians and being
assessed by the United States and the
European powers