Israeli forces claim to have killed a
Hamas Deputy military commander in an
Israeli strike Hamas Commander marvan
Issa was at the top of Israel's most
wanted list Israel claims Isa with the
head of Hamas military Wing Muhammad de
and Yaya Sinar planned the October 7th
attack on Southern
Israel the Hamas leaders were killed in
a complex and precise strike based on
Army intelligence and sh B that
cooperated together with outstanding
operational capabilities of the Air
Force we will continue our Supreme
efforts to hunt down and reach hamas's
leaders Israeli Army also released a
video claiming multiple strikes on
Hezbollah infrastructure in Lebanon the
targets include a military compound in
Fara a weapon storage facility in hanen
and terrorist infrastructure in b y
meanwhile Hamas leader ishma Han met
with Iran's supreme leader ayat
Ayatollah Ali hini Ayatollah Kini
reportedly expressed Iran's support for
the Palestinian people in Gaza this is
Han's second visit to Iran since the
outbreak of the war the visit also comes
after the United Nations security
Council adopted a resolution demanding
an immediate ceasefire the Iranian
foreign Ministry says that the
resolution is a positive step Israel
says the resolution by UNC has hindered
hostage talks as as T Aviv criticized
Washington's decision not to deploy its
VTO over the measure however the USA its
Ally Israel's statement is inaccurate
and
unfair we believe that a full-scale
military operation in Rafa will not just
cause civilian harm to the Palestinian
people it will not just hinder the the
flow of humanitarian assistance most of
which is coming in through the Rafa area
and being distributed initially uh
through Rafa uh we believe that that
kind of operation would hurt Israel's
National Security it will leave Israel
more isolated in the
world Miller also added that a ceasefire
and release of hostages ultimately will
have to be secured through
negotiations Israel's ultimate long-term
security objectives can only be
accomplished not just through a military
campaign but through some kind of
political resolution with the
Palestinian
[Music]
people