now 12 Days After Israel imposed a total
Siege on Gaza Strip in retaliation to
hamas's brutal attack it is now allowing
Aid into the region Israel prime
minister's office announced that only
food water and medicine will be allowed
into Palestinian Enclave the no's father
says that the aid to civilians in the
southern Gaza Strip will be allowed so
long as these supplies do not reach
hamas's now the aid would reach and Gaza
through Rafa border near Egypt lying
between Israel Egypt and the
Mediterranean Sea this is the only
border crossing not controlled by Israel
tons of Aid including food and sergical
Supply have been stranded at the border
for days now Israel father says that the
decision has been taken in the light of
United States President Joe Biden's
demand to allow the humanitarian
Aid
people of Gaza need food water medicine
shelter today I asked the Israeli
cabinet I met with for some time this
morning to agree to the delivery of
life-saving humanitarian assistance to
civilians in Gaza based on the
understanding that there will be
inspections that the aid should go to
civilians not to
AAS people in Gaza have been surviving
with Bare Essentials recent days have
marked a severe completion of all
critical supplies food water electricity
fuel have all been cut off while
hospitals were running on backup
generators earlier Israel had said that
it will not allow any Aid into the
region or provide a humanitarian
Corridor till all hostages were released
by Hamas mediators struggled to break a
deadlock over providing supplies to
desperate civilians Aid groups and
hospitals for days but now the growing
International pressure to let Aid into
Gaza seems to have prompted the Israel
to take the
[Music]
step weon is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the
move