his arrival was supposed to be the main
talking point on Wednesday but US
President Joe Biden's job is now even
more complicated and sensitive than it
was before I was deeply saddened and
outraged by the uh explosion at the
hospital in Gaza yesterday and based on
what I've seen it appears as though it
was done by the other team not not you
but there's a lot of people out there
not sure so we got a lot we got to
overcome a lot of things
at the organization of Islamic
cooperations meeting in jeda Palestinian
foreign minister Riyad Al Maliki
outright rejected Israel's
denials this was a hus act committed
against women and children Israel needed
the location of the hospital and
targeted it on
purpose the effect across the Arab world
of the hospital strike was immediate one
of Biden's challenges is to prevent this
conflict from spreading to new fronts
like here in the occupied West Bank
where protesters gathered in rala on
Wednesday to condemn the Bloodshed in
Gaza another flash point is the border
between Israel and Lebanon since the
Crisis began Israeli troops have been
exchanging fire with the iran-backed
Hezbollah group but the loss of life at
the hospital has raised the stakes here
and across the region in the aftermath
of the attack the meeting between Biden
and Arab leaders to held in Jordan was
cancelled Arab leaders are under
pressure because you're now seeing
Street
demonstrations uh I think in terms of
the outcome and what Biden wants to
achieve they're contradictory uh goals
that he has so on the one hand he is
supportive of Israel but he does not
want to see this kind of Carnage he does
not want to see an expansion of the uh
uh of the Gaza War to include other Arab
countries in possibly
Iran what Biden does want to see is
these trucks on the Egyptian side of the
Gaza border rolling north delivering Aid
that's needed now more than ever this
crisis as the US approaches the 2024
presidential elections is likely to be
Joe Biden's toughest political test to
date clar Harriet trt
world