hopes of another hostage deal have
renewed in the ongoing Israel Hamas War
as both Waring parties have agreed for
ceasefire talks Hamas Chief ishma Han is
set to visit Egypt on Wednesday he's due
to meet Egyptian intelligence Chief to
discuss a new agreement here now this
comes after the trilateral meet between
the heads of Israel's mosad and US CIA
with qatar's Premier in Warsaw as for
reports citing sources close to the
talks these talks were positive but a
deal might not be imminent and while
efforts on a ceasefire continue a United
Nations security Council vot on Gaza has
been delayed for the second consecutive
day the vot has been delayed as the UAE
and the US are struggling to agree on
language that cites a cessation of
hostilities and a proposal to set up un
Aid
monitoring meanwhile Israeli Army says
it is advancing in south of Gaza as well
as north of Gaza the IDF raided and
detained staff at two of the last
functioning hospitals in Northern Gaza
Israel's defense minister says troops
are working to completely clear out
Hamas militants from the
area
this as the Israeli Army has intensified
action in southern gaza's Khan Unis City
They carried out more deadly strikes on
Tuesday IDF says it added an entire
Brigade and additional forces to the
offensive in the
area on the other hand Palestinian
militant group Islamic Jihad has
released a video of two hostages
pleading to be freed the two elderly men
in the video called for increasing
pressure on the Israeli authorities to
ensure their release this video has been
released a day after a similar video was
released by Hamas showing three elderly
Israeli hostages pleading for their
release meanwhile Yemen's huthi Rebels
have now reacted to US 10 member
Coalition in the Red Sea formed to deal
with their threat the Iran backed Rebels
say that the International Coalition is
part of aggression against Palestinians
and contradicts international law the
houthis have warned that any country
that acts against them will have its
ships
[Music]
targeted