from the first Israeli strikes on Gaza
during this conflict the US has been at
Israel's side showing solidarity your
visit here is the first visit of an
American president in Israel at a time
of War it is deeply deeply moving
political support 13 votes in favor one
vote against it did not recognize
Israel's right to self-defense which is
a right that Israel
has and of course providing
weapons lots of
them for decades we've ensured Israel's
qualitative military
Edge later this week I'm going to ask
the United States Congress for
unprecedented support package since
October 7th the US has given Israel
21,000 Precision guided Munitions tens
of thousands of 155 mm artillery
shells and thousands of bombs including
bunker Busters which weigh up to 1 ton
each and are prohibited under
international law from being used in
densely populated
areas because just one can kill hundreds
of people the most public displays of
American political support for Israel
those against seen in the US vetos of
each and every un Security Council
resolution calling for a ceasefire
shielding Israel even as it commits the
most shocking crimes and as the civilian
death toll in Gaza has soared US
President Biden's rhetoric has gone from
this I'm sure Innocents have been killed
and it's the price of waging a war to
this cannot have 30,000 more
Palestinians dead but the message
Remains the Same the United States
stands with Israel no matter
what right now they're trying to get
another $14 billion
to go to Israel for more bombs to kill
more people US President Joe Biden May
genuinely want a ceasefire in Gaza but
in terms of the tools at his disposal it
seems there are only carrots and no
sticks at least none that he's willing
to use I'm never going to leave Israel
the defense of Israel is still
critical Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu is insisting on a ground
operation in Rafa where a million and a
half Palestinians are Sheltering defying
International pressure but it's us
pressure that matters most Rafa may be
the Proving Ground for how much clout
the Biden Administration has with an
Israeli government that so far has had
no reservations in waging a war of
collective punishment Randolph Nole DRT
world