a warm embrace as hamas's leadership
apparently seeks new oaces Turkish
president erdogan hosted on Saturday a
senior delegation from Hamas headed by
its political leader isma hania the two
leaders discussed the war in Gaza while
together condemning quote Israeli
oppression against the Palestinians
president erdogan's recent statements
describing Hamas as a National
Liberation movement is undoubtedly a
source of Pride for us and for the
Palestinian people we are closely
monitoring turkey's policies and
positions in the region and it stands in
the Palestinian cause in Gaza with great
importance the number one party
responsible for the tension is bi nety
and his bloodthirsty Administration we
believe that any statement that does not
recognize this truth will be of no use
to efforts to reduce the tension ania's
praise for erdoan could have another
purpose according to the Wall Street
Journal the h leadership is considering
relocating its political headquarters
from Qatar as pressure by mediators over
a ceasefire hostage deal continues to
rise they fear the slow moving talks
could endanger their presence in Doha
the terror group which has sought refuge
in Qatar since 2012 is reportedly
considering two countries in the region
Oman and turkey despite both denying
reports meanwhile activists in Turkey
are preparing a flotilla to try to break
the shared Israeli Egyptian blockade and
to deliver humanitarian Aid to the Gaza
Strip Israeli authorities are reportedly
preparing to intercept the boat named
akan currently docked in Istanbul with
the memory of the previous fatal attempt
from 2010 still fresh we understand that
Israel might attack us we don't know how
but we are trying to make sure that if
that happens we can at least communicate
to the outside world with all eyes on
our ships we hope that Israel will
decide not to but if they do again
people on board will be trained in
nonviolent resistance how to keep
grounded how to try to keep themselves
safe and everybody else safe and so as
the war in Gaza nears its 200th day
stalled negotiations to release the 133
hostages still in Gaza is forcing the
sides to reassess their Partnerships and
Hamas might find not only a new home but
A New Hope as well