[Music]
the United States stands with Israel we
will not ever fail to have their back
Israel has the right to defend itself
and it people full stop this is not a
moment for any party hostile to Israel
to exploit these attacks to seek
Advantage the world is
[Music]
watching
good afternoon today the people of
Israel are under attack orchestrated by
a terrorist organization Hamas in this
moment of tragedy I want to say to them
and to the world and to terrorists
everywhere that the United States stands
with Israel we will not ever fail to
have their back we'll make sure that
they have the help their Citizens need
and they can continue to defend
themselves you know the world's seen
appalling images thousands of rockets in
the space of hours raining down on
Israeli cities when I get up this
morning start at this at 7:30 8:00 my
calls AAS terrorist Crossing in Israel
killing not only Israeli soldiers but
Israeli civilians in the street in their
homes innocent people murdered wounded
entire families taken hostage by Hamas
just days after Israel Mark the holiest
of days in the Jewish calendar is
unconscionable you know when I spoke
with prime minister Netanyahu this
morning I told him the United States
stands with the people of Israel in the
face of these terrorist assaults Israel
has the right to defend itself and
people full
stop there's never justification for
terrorist attacks and my
administration's support for Israel's
security is Rock Solid and unwavering
let me say this as clearly as I can this
is not a moment for any party hostile to
Israel to exploit these attacks to seek
Advantage the world is watching I've
also been in contact with the King of
Jordan spoken with members of Congress
directing my national security team to
engage with their Israeli counterparts
military to Military Intelligence to
intelligence dipl Diplomat to Diplomat
to make sure Israel has what it needs
I've also directed my team to remain in
constant contact with leaders throughout
the region including Egypt turkey cter
Saudi Arabia Jordan Oman the UAE as well
as our European partners and the
Palestinian
Authority
B
for
[Music]
fore