[Music]
these Palestinians won back their land
lost to Israel 70 years ago what they're
getting are bullets and tear gas those
cowards who are hiding behind the hills
and armed to the teeth protected to the
teeth with high-velocity rifles just not
to use them as snipers against civilians
shame on them they are the cowards who
are facing defenseless civilians and
killing them as one would go hunting in
the open fields since these protests
began nearly a month ago dozens of
Palestinians have been shot dead by
Israeli forces and thousands injured the
United Nations has called the loss of
life deplorable and said Israel seems to
have repeatedly used live rounds and
excessive force against unarmed
demonstrators and hospitals in Gaza are
finding it hard to cope their resources
are already limited by Israel's 11-year
blockade our medical resources have hit
rock bottom the health authorities must
provide more medical supplies for us to
continue to treat the patients but the
violence has not slowed the Palestinians
great march of return their numbers are
growing most young men
Israeli forces say they only target
Hamas fighters but the UN says Israeli
tactics are not aligned with
international law and it's difficult to
see how children even those throwing
stones can present a threat of imminent
death or serious injury to heavily
protected Security Force personnel the
Palestinians call the creation of Israel
the Nakba or catastrophe and plan to
protest until its 70th anniversary on
may 15th but international observers are
increasingly concerned the day before
the United States is also due to go
ahead with its controversial decision to
open its embassy in Jerusalem and that's
expected to feel more protests and
possibly another lethal response from
Israel reconvenes TRT world
[Music]