it's a California town with strong ties
to the Middle East Little Arabia is the
country's first officially designated
arab-american enclave and despite being
thousands of kilometers away from the
region residents here are showing clear
support for
Palestine many have immigrated from
there aim abuid owns a cafe that
specializes in KF
two this popular dessert has roots in
the city of neblus in the West Bank that
also where asim's heart and mind have
constantly been in recent weeks me my
wife and my kids who are born here we go
to sleep watching the news and we wake
up in the morning watching the news when
one of the cousins they don't answer the
phone they don't reply to our message we
get worried we you know assume that the
worst what could have happened to them
he tries to keep himself busy but
staying in touch with his cousin in Gaza
has almost become a full-time job
yesterday he sent me a message he said
said I walked 20 km just to find just
some flour to make bread for my kids for
many here the US's unwavering support
for Israel has added insult to injury
fire now ceas fire now with just a year
to go until the next presidential
election protesters have gathered here
for the past 6 weeks to put pressure on
officials in the US Congress if you
could look at the last election a lot of
Arab Americans did vote for Democrats
and we feel betrayed next election the
votes will reflect the positions that
these politicians are
taking the congresswoman representing
this District which includes Little
Arabia has refused to call for a
ceasefire despite relying on Arab
American votes to become the first ever
Democrat to be elected here our tax
dollars are paying for this it's not uh
something that is completely out of our
control we are unfortunately
led to what Isen in a very direct way so
far only two dozen representatives in
Congress have called for a ceasefire
despite more than 2third of all
Americans supporting that
outcome