act two days after sudden loss of
cellular and internet service in Gaza
due to intense Israeli bombardment
communication systems are gradually
being restored bringing relief to the
besieged territory the blackout began
late Friday as Israel escalated its
ground operations meanwhile Israel has
entered a new phase in its conflict with
Hamas with prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu announcing the commencement of
a second stage in the military
operations with no signs of deescalation
the death toll in Gaza has surpassed
8,000 with 2.3 million residents
struggling with basic supplies of food
water and
medicines in fact a times networks
pradep spoke to an Israeli tourist guide
who has announced huge price of
$250,000 if anyone from Palestine
provides information about hostages
listen
in right now I'm joined by a person who
normally helps you locate the best place
in Israel where you can be as a tourist
but today he's on a different task he
has got a different task on hand he's
trying to locate hostages and for this
he has already collected money he has
got billions of rupees with him billions
of shkel with him he wants that
whosoever will provide information about
the hostages in Gaza he's going to give
them money let me speak to him Robbie
where from you got this idea of
collecting money I was uh there are a
lot of Israelis who are feeling very
helpless and they want to do something
so they're preparing sandwiches for
soldiers and sending books and and uh s
you know food and stuff like that but I
wanted to do something a little bit more
meaningful so I called a number of
people that I know I'm a tour guide and
I have a lot of access to people who are
very wealthy I called them up and I said
I want to offer 1 million shekele which
is $250,000 American dollar to any
Palestinian Gaza who gives us
information about where the hostages are
so if they help us save if they help us
save a Jewish hostage or even an Arab
there are plenty of Arab hostages BNS
from Rahat that are in Gaza will give
them
250,000 American
dollars let's get to more updates from
around