[Music]
by a main road we found or miss smile
she was angry that the israeli authority
in charge of distributing water had for
the second time damaged her land and
some of her vines endeared her son about
iffen i only knew yesterday that the
land was damaged I came and saw the
grapevines uprooted without anyone
telling me about the work I've been
taking care of these vines personally
for 40 years my land is so important to
me and I can earn up to $1,500 a year
Palestinian workers contracted by Israel
state-owned water company mercat are
laying pipes Oh miss mile isn't opposed
to that but was furious her carefully
tended vines have been destroyed this is
just one small example of how
developments can impact on a family and
their income multiply that by several
hundred settlements and outputs which
have roads electricity lines water and
sewage pipes put in and you begin to
understand why there's resentment anger
and sometimes violence near Oh mismas
parcel of land Everett is part of a
series of large settlements called gush
etzion almost on Jerusalem's doorstep
ten thousand Israelis live here with
plans to house another 6,000 in the
future Israeli settlements in the
occupied territories are considered
illegal by most of the international
community Israel's government doesn't
agree that they violate the Fourth
Geneva Convention which prohibits
civilians from an occupying power
relocating to occupied land the fact
that there are half a million people
living today in Judea and Samaria is a
given fact that needs to be discussed in
any future a plan as to how this region
can look what type of relationships can
we have with our neighbors but the fact
that we are here is definitely affect
showing the scars of a recent attack
this is part of the security wall that
surrounds Bethlehem the town is almost
encircled by settlements move the
settlers from the current settlements to
Israel proper and leave these
settlements for their attorneys for the
Palestinian returnees who do not want to
exercise the right of return and want to
live in the Palestinian state it's very
easy many Palestinians say they're
pleased with a recent UN resolution that
condemned the building of settlements by
Israel those same people want more than
just words they want Israel to face
sanctions
yellow up tabatha trt world Everett
[Music]