more than two dozen foreign ministers
participated in the high level security
council meeting on the situation in Gaza
so we are here to make a clear statement
that a truce is not enough what is
needed is a
ceasefire what is needed is a credible
peace and a peace that lasts and that
allows the Palestinians and the Israelis
to live Side by Side in two states
turkey is foreign Minister hakan fedan
criticized the security Council for not
being able to pass a ceasefire
resolution the security Council which
usted by the UN Charter to do so time
and again failed to fulfill its
responsibility to maintain International
Peace and
security it was unable to call for an
effective Ceasar with one
voice what is more the council cannot
even present a remedy to undo the
historical Injustice
that the Palestinians suffering for many
decades un Secretary General Antonio Gua
said the people of Gaza are in the midst
of an epic humanitarian catastrophe
before the eyes of the world and they
must not look away and while most of the
ministers here were calling for a
ceasefire Israel's Envoy accused the
Ministers of supporting a terror
organization that aims to annihilate
Israel palestine's foreign Ministry told
the security Council that the truce must
become a ceasefire life in Gaz must
Prevail over those who aim to destroy it
or uproot it we thank Qatar and Egypt
for their efforts that led to a truce
but a truce must become a ceasefire a
permanent ceasefire the massacres cannot
be allowed to resume this is not a war
this is a Carnage human officials are
hoping to increase the flow of Aid into
Gaza while a truce remains in place but
the concern among many un envoys is that
once the truce is over the Bloodshed is
likely to continue at unprecedented
levels Franko TI world the United
Nations