and the European Union will not suspend
payment of Aid to Palestinians the
announcement comes 5 hours after the
block said that it would freeze all Aid
payment well the previous announcement
was met with widespread criticism EU
earlier announced that it was putting
all 730 million of development Aid to
Palestinians under review the EU later
said that it would review payments to
ensure that they are not being misused
well the block of European nations
offered no explanation for the reversal
the previous decision to suspend Aid was
made public by EU commissioner on social
media platform X formally known as
Twitter where he clearly mentioned that
all Aid to Palestine will be immediately
suspended now the announcement took
several member states by a surprise with
Spain Ireland and Luxembourg expressing
dissent and criticizing accusing pardon
me and critics also accusing the EU of
punishing all Palestinians for an attack
by the Hamas militant group the Hamas
militant group that controls the Gaza
Strip launched a surprise attack on
Israel on October 7th hundreds have been
killed in the attacks and counter
attacks that followed the U had his had
firmly reiterated that it does not send
Aid directly or indirectly to the Hamas
so the purpose of the cuts in the aid
came under question but hours later EU
commissioner said that there will be no
suspension of the pain ments but
individual member states have however
stood on their decision to suspend Aid
to Palestine Germany and Austria were
among those who announced halting the
aid for the 2.1 million
Palestinians neither the EU commission
Germany or Austria differentiated
between Gaza and the much larger West
Bank Run by the Western backed
Palestinian
Authority
[Music]