since Israel's war on Gaza began
Palestinians living in remote
communities in the occupied West Bank
say settler attacks have
doubled bullying fear campaigns
intimidation while the world's attention
is
elsewhere activists in masaf yata say
settlers are doing whatever they want
the settlers who was attacking us before
now he had have a military uniform he
have a gun his armed which is like
really dangerous was like making as a
militias you know attacking the people
terizing them which is like it affect on
all the people people who have lived
here for Generations still use the
natural terrain for
shelter just as their ancestors did
families and livestock together in a
cave a way of life in Palestinian
communities where the ancient and modern
meat
but a coordinated campaign by Israeli
settlers and soldiers one of Home
demolitions forced evictions and
settlement expansions is forcing people
back into the
caves I will tell you about the dream of
any young man in this place not just me
every young person dreams of a safe
house a car marriage but most young
people today dream of sleeping without
stress for a full
night
Subterranean life is changing living in
a cave is not the same as it used to be
there's electricity indoor plumbing
modern appliances wall to- wall tiles
Palestinians living in this community
may be forced to live underground but
they say they can't be forced to live
uncomfortably but the threat of theft
displacement violence is never far
away anywhere else in the world a place
like this this might be a heritage site
something to protect and Preserve in
Palestine it is another front line
another struggle of indigenous people
fighting to stay on their own
land Zan basravi Al jazer masafat in the
occupied West Bank still ahead
and make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer