[Music]
spee
[Music]
spee
no supplies have come into Gaza since
the 7th of October nothing no fuel no
food no water no other types of
assistance no no supplies have gotten
into Gaza since the 7th of
October
Israel made us live in a tent my home
had a solar panel internet water
electricity and now I'm living in a tent
I'm living in more than 40 people with
no water nor electricity or food God
Only Knows our
situation we want safety we are
civilians not soldiers children are out
on the street this is 1 2 3 four young
children they all ended up on the street
with no food or water not even
International protection nor human
rights it is a shame for them to be left
out on the street
how are we at fault they targeted and
displaced us from one place to
another
spe
hey
he
spe
fore
[Music]
there continues to be no water for the
vast majority of the population in Gaza
we're talking about 2 million people in
the Gaza Strip who do not have water
water um and water is running out and
water is life and life is running out of
Gaza so um we have not uh had any
information or any updates we are very
concerned about the uh spread of
waterbor diseases if water continues not
to be available in Gaza because we do
know that people are resorting to dirty
uh uh water sources uh including uh well
uh including Waters water from
Wells
[Music]
on the humanitarian front we are working
with Israel its neighbors the United
Nations and other partners to address
the humanitarian crisis in Gaza it is
critical that food medicine water and
fuel begin flowing into Gaza as soon as
possible families the elderly and
children are in our
[Music]
need it is now estimated that as many as
1 million people have fled their homes
to other parts of Gaza in reality CI
civilians have nowhere to go nowhere to
escape the bombs and missiles and
nowhere to find water or food or to
escape the unfolding humanitarian
catastrophe
that