ragad Mahmud is one young Palestinian in
Khan Unice and she told us how her life
has changed we are hosting right now A
young Palestinian girl she is ragad
Mahmud uh ragad uh thank you so much for
joining us today so as a Palestinian uh
young girl uh as a Palestinian young
girl uh tell me about your feelings as
the Israeli attacks on the Gaza Strip
continue and you are a displaced person
from the central areas of the Gaza okay
of course I can tell you like now the
world can't see anything that's
happening now in Gaza just now there was
a harsh booming around here and you can
see behind me lots of ambulances like
getting the wanded and martyrs as for me
I got out of my neighborhood since like
around five years 5 days and because of
that there's was around 20 harsh raids
around our house and you can imagine
that it's only 20 or 50 m all from our
house the there was no doors no windows
not anything not a block on a block so
you can't live there there's nothing
there you can't have your life and since
I was living there I had me many many
memories there so you can't okay and
what is your message to the world what
would you like to tell the world about
that I would like to tell them that I
lived in Indonesia and Malaysia around 6
years and I lived there my life I did go
to entertainment places I went to
restaurants I went to everything but
here you can't have your actually can't
have your peace because like you are
under an Israeli aggression you can't
have uh nothing anything I lived there
around 60 years and I also had my life I
also that the land is for the this
people but uh as for us we have only one
city or two
okay thank you so much for your
vulnerable time thank you so much