the IDF Israel's armed forces have said
that they are surrounding City the
largest city in the Gaza Strip there up
in the the north of Gaza um they say
they've Advanced towards another stage
of this war that coming from senior IDF
leaders in statements a short time ago
of course we're not on the ground
ourselves in Gaza uh to verify that
information International press is not
being allowed in but they have said that
they have been pushing forward backed up
by isra air power and also by Naval
forces missile boats stationed in the
Mediterranean off the coast of Gaza um
there have been reports of very intense
fighting of Hamas militants um fighting
the Israeli forces um from their network
of tunnels emerging to inflict
casualties on them um ambushes and as
the Israeli troops push on in towards
Gaza City itself that is set to be a
very complex military operation indeed
uh until recently a very densely
populated area there are still a great a
number of civilians remaining there we
don't know exactly how many um but of
course Hamas has had time uh to prepare
booby traps for them and urban Warfare
in any case is extremely complicated so
this could be a very tough fight for the
Israeli forces and of course huge
concern for the civilians still in the
Gaza Strip Israel's military and Israeli
leaders have called on them to um move
South in previous days towards the Gaza
Strip but there've also been bombings in
the south of Gaza toward hunis as well
and the UN has been saying there's no
safe place in Gaza so it's a huge
concern about what happens as this
military offensive um presses on in fact
a un group of raor has put out a report
um seven independent reporters from the
UN saying that they believe the
Palestinian people is at grave risk of a
genocide Israel has hit back at those
words accusing the UN there of parting
uh Hamas talking points um but of course
the situation for people there remains
very dire as this war continues