and israel is moving closer to
dissolving the knesset and will head to
elections later this year the one man
who has been
who set the balls rolling here and with
the turbulence is benjamin netanyahu
nathan yahoo was israel's longest
serving leader that was until a year ago
when it mustered a rare alliance of hard
right liberal and arab politicians now
just this week prime minister naftali
bennett announced that the eight-party
coalition was no longer tenable the
government has said that it wants to
fast-track parliament's dissolution
but the opposition led by netanyahu may
attempt to derail the process netanyahu
has been delighted by the disbanding of
what he calls the worst government in
israel's history netanyahu has chaired
the coalition's collapse vow to form a
new right-wing government with or
without fresh elections he is hopeful of
winning a sixth term in office netanyahu
is now trying his best to form a
replacement government without the need
for an election but timelines for that
process remain unclear and could depend
on netanyahu's political calculations
meanwhile ministers in israel's outgoing
government they vow to prevent a
comeback of the ex-premier benjamin
netanyahu even as the country braces for
snap election polls predict no clear
winner as per poll aired by tel aviv
radio station netanyahu and rightist
allies would command 59 parliament seats
versus 55 predicted for parties in the
current coalition four separate polls
found that neither block would secure
the 61 seat needed for a majority in the
120 seat parliament nathaniel is certain
to win the support of the ultra orthodox
and extreme religious zionist parties
nathaniel is on trial over corruption
charges and that could be a stumbling
block in nathaniel's return to yet
another term
coalition lawmakers are also pushing a
legislation that will bar a person under
criminal indictment from heading a
government though it is unclear whether
they have enough votes on the same
is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move