the United States government has
bypassed a congressional review and has
used an emergency authority to allow the
sale of about 14,000 tank shells to
Israel the move indicates Washington's
undeterred support to Israel am made it
continued offensive in Gaza the US state
department on Friday used an arms export
Control Act emergency declaration for
the tank rounds worth
106.5 million us for immediate delivery
to Israel as by the Pentagon however the
Biden administ ation has been pushing
for an even bigger sale for Congress to
approve the larger package is worth more
than $500 million and includes 455,000
shells for Israel's Mar tongues these
tongues are regularly deployed in its
offensive in Gaza which has killed
thousands so far the latest move comes
as the Biden Administration has found it
increasingly difficult to pass foreign
funding packages in a divided US
Congress where the House of
Representatives is controlled by
Republicans and Democrats hold the
Senate early on Wednesday Senate
Republicans blocked an effort to provide
more funding for Ukraine to fight its
war against Russia in a bill that also
included funding for Israel and Taiwan
US state department has Justified the
bypass of the Congressional review as it
says an emergency exists for an
immediate sale just a day before us
vetoed a United Nations security Council
resolution for an immediate ceasefire in
G AA however military aid to Israel also
comes amid an increased pressure by the
US on Israel to protect civilians in
Gaza at the same time Washington has
also highlighted that there is a gap
between Israel's promises to protect
civilians and the
outcome we continue to recognize the U
extraordinary difficulty of this task as
Israel is dealing with a terrorist
adversary that intentionally embeds
itself with civilians but again Israel
has an obligation to do everything
possible to put a premium on protecting
civilians and maximizing humanitarian
assistance weon is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the
move