is
coun
thank you Ambassador for joining me on
ABP News I know these are difficult
times and uh not very easy for you to
take time out to talk to the media
however sir you're welcome on ABP News
and uh uh my first question to you
Ambassador would be uh you know we all
saw Hamas directly kind of threatening
and saying that they will start killing
each and every hostage if Israel does
not stop its air strike against Hamas
what do you have to say on that
sir first of all thank you very much for
your kind words asish um it's a very
very sad days in Israel I have to say
today we will start to Buri our our
soldier our citizen our kids our
families and it's not easy time in
Israel um isra is is in at a war as
everybody knows and it a war is a war
and our prime minister make it in a very
clear voice we are going to take our
time to do whatever necessary to do in
order to fight against this brutal human
being or I don't want even to say that
they are human being because they are
criminals against the international law
they will pay the price in a such a
heavy way that they will not forget
forever it's a something you know India
and Israel are very have a very ancient
long history when you touch our
historical nerves you have to know that
you have to pay the
price the Israel is completely United
completely support the Army to do
whatever needed to do to punish these
terrorists doesn't matter what is going
to be the price they have to learn the
lessons because they touch our
historical
nerves so Ambassador when you say that
they they will have to pay the price of
it and you will go to any extent to
avenge this uh we also heard that you
know probably there was some
speculations yesterday that Hamas had
offered some kind of true stocks uh
which was probably rejected by Israel is
there any truth in it sir and why did
you choose to reject
that you know after killing 8 1,000
Israeli innocent
people then you have to first of all not
ask for ceasefire you have to pay the
price for it ER and I think that this is
something that we have to understand the
Israeli mentality don't kill and then
said okay now ceasefire let's talk about
it no first of all you have to
[Music]
pay
[Applause]
[Music]
Smart
TV ABP
News h