Iran has agreed to allow the meeting of
Indian government representatives to the
17 Indian crew of MSC Aries this comes
after India's external affairs minister
Dr s jankar spoke to his Iranian and
Israeli counterparts to discuss the
release of the Indian crew from the
Israeli Affiliated container ship seized
by Iran's revolutionary guard The Vessel
has been detained in the pajan gav
region Iran's Islamic revolutionary
guard Corp or the irgc seized an Israel
linked Portuguese flaged commercial
vessel the Strategic state of homus
among the 25 crew members are 17 Indians
four Filipinos two pakistanis one
Russian and one
Estonian the ship was on route from the
United Arab Emirates to India's jaah
Halal neru Port it was intercepted by I
IRG forces why it was on Route there in
a social media post on X the external
affairs minister
father stated the discussion on the
ongoing situation he also spoke with his
Israeli counterpart and shared India's
concerns over the largest peel out of
the situation in West Asia and for more
on this our principal diplomatic
correspondent sidan ball has sent us
this report from New
Delhi over the weekend we saw that the
Iranian forces seized a vessel MSC Aries
now this commercial vessel had
approximately 25 crew members of which
17 are Indians they formed the largest
component of the crew members and this
has raised concerns for New Delhi and
since the development came forward we
know that New Delhi has been in touch
with San in fact the Indian external
affairs minister Dr AJ Shanker spoke
with his Iranian
counterpart on Sunday and pressed on
this particular issue now the Iranians
are looking at a POS possibility of
Indian Representatives meeting the
Indian national this is seen as a
councel access and given that India has
good relationship with tan India will be
Keen that there is early release and
repatriation of these Indian Nationals
even as the situation in West Asia
remains delicate and precarious with
video journalist sanjit Sans for Von in
New Delhi for all the latest news
download the weon UP And subscribe
subcribe to our YouTube channel