it is now day 39 in the Israel Hamas War
here are the most recent
developments according to the
Palestinian Health Ministry at least six
Palestinians were killed in the West
Bank by Israeli forces Tuesday morning
and health officials report that on
Monday at least three Palestinians were
killed and 20 others injured after an
Israeli air strike in the Gaza Strip the
UN humanitarian office said Tuesday that
in the past 10 days another 200,000
people have been forced to flee South
due to the war between Israel and Hamas
an Indian woman from Kashmir crossed the
Rafa border between Egypt and Gaza
Monday evening her husband says Indian
Missions in the region aided her
evacuation from war torn Gaza Israel
says it is coordinating the transfer of
incubators from a hospital in Israel to
Gaza this comes as Israeli tanks
continue to besiege gaza's largest
hospital India's ambassador to Palestine
said Monday six children on incubators
have died in alifa and another six have
died in the Intensive Care Unit he said
the hospitals without electricity and
oxygen and that healthc Care
Professionals have been performing
surgeries in normal rooms and on the
floor un flags were lowered to half mask
at un offices around the world on Monday
to mourn and honor the 101 us staffers
who' have been killed in Gaza Tuesday
Morning China Iran and a number of Arab
Nations criticized an Israeli Minister's
statement that a nuclear bomb on the
Gaza Strip was an option the Israeli
Minister said his remarks were quote
metaphorical France's defense minister
is being sent to the Middle East to
discuss the Gaza situation and Regional
security issues the minister said his
trip will start in Egypt and will
continue in the Gulf region before
ending Friday in Israel this is the
first time a French defense minister has
visited Israel since the year
2000 thank you for joining us for this
update stay tuned as we continue to
bring you the latest developments in
this complex and evolving
situation