well the ongoing crisis in West Asia has
sent shock waves through Global markets
pushing oil prices to new heights and
leaving investors on the edge well the
evolving situation is extremely complex
with geopolitical uh problems extending
beyond the immediate parties involved JP
Morgan notes that the conflict has
disrupted us broker negotiations
concerning Saudi Israel relations and
also intensified tensions between
Israeli forces and Iran backed his buah
militants at the Lebanon border not only
this it has also raised questions about
Iran's involvement in the Israel Hamas
War while to gauge investment impact the
investors closely monitor the war and
its subsequent effects on natural
resources which link to corporate
profits inflation and consumer
sentiment JP Morgan considers two
primary scenarios number one if the war
remains contained where neither side
significantly impacts acts oil
production or Supply while Bren crude
prices have risen by over 5% this week
Global oil supply and demand are
currently in a balanced State second in
the event of an escalation where a wider
War could bring higher risks although
there are no signs of an oil embargo
akin to the 1973 Yom kipor War the
situation remains uncertain if key
shipping routes like the straight of
hormo are disrupted the impact could be
substantial however the ability of other
oil producers to step in May mitigate
some of the damage while an expanding
conflict could potentially lead to
inflation and interest rate hikes
globally however the US might stand as
an exception attracting foreign Capital
seeking safety during times of global
turmoil which could potentially result
in lower interest rates and a stronger
US dollar well JP Morgan warns of
short-term fluctuation but also says
that geopolitical events EV typically
have limited lasting impacts on markets
in the long run the business cycle tends
to matter more and unless there's a
major economic disruption the effects of
geopolitics on markets are often
transcient after he officially
[Music]
left