the temporary truce between Israel and
Hamas is now in place the first group of
Israeli hostages comprising women and
children have been released and handed
over to Aid workers from the
international Committee of the Red Cross
50 hostages are expected to be released
by Hamas during the 4-day truce
separately 12 th Nationals who were held
by Hamas has have also been released
palen's prime minister said that they
will be followed by 13 pal Palestinian
detainees held in Israeli jails it is a
part of a deal mediated by Qatar that
includes a 4-day pause in the Fighting
by Israel and Hamas in
Gaza I'm joined at the SR by Alan Sensen
who is uh uh the Middle East
correspondent with a Danish daily Alan
what do we have more right now we do
know that the hostages have crossed over
to
Egypt yes they crossed over into Egypt
where they were met by uh some Israeli
Agents from the security agency and also
uh Israeli doctors they were checked
Their Eyes Were checked they were given
some of them new bandages and new
clothing and now as we speak they are on
their way with the Israeli staff to an
Israeli army base in the vicinity of the
Gaza Street quite near the Gaza Street
and from here they will be able to have
their first conversations with their uh
relatives waiting for them uh on hospit
in hospitals in several parts of Israel
tell us what are the other um releases
that will happen over the next few days
and how many people are to be released
tomorrow we we will see a daily batch of
um 10 to 12 um culminating in in three
more days uh with with 50 hostages
released by by Hamas and
150 Palestinian prisoners released by
Israel what remains to be seen is er
whether this agreement also will result
in a more days of of prisoner exchange
let's say uh one to three days more
where Hamas will release another 10 each
day well can can there be an extension
in ceasefire what are you
hearing I hear that there is an interest
from both parts in extending this to not
only to 4 days but they maybe up to
seven days but remember that Israel has
stated that that they want to continue
the war after this and Hamas also needs
to keep uh to be able to negotiate in
the future they need to keep uh some of
the hostage hostages inside Gaza