I was trying to write something because
I wanted to make it more sophisticated
however I lost words I'm an academic so
I'm used to writing but I couldn't write
I just tried to register some names
Samar alaga 20 years old with her baby
four months old AB alaga 14 years old
Muhammad alaga and his wife and there
three
children merera 12 years old
riam 8 years old and Adam 9 months old
lnaa and her four children and it goes
on and on and on and these names are
only in the last seven days I lost more
than 44 of my extended family first when
I heard about the first family I was
devastated then I said that's probably
some sort of mistake because they were
in the south of Gaza and canun where
they have been told it's safe and all
the displaced people from the north from
the city of Gaza they're trying to take
refuge in that
place the first family is gone the
second is gone the third is gone and I
stopped counting I couldn't count I
stopped watching the news I am a
journalist I used to be a journalist I
am coming from a media background but I
did not bear to watch any news or hear
any news about more victims it wasn't
only family it was our friends
classmates neighbors every hour I hear
names that I knew my memory start fading
away with those names I stopped
remembering them I don't want to
remember them because it
hurts it hurts a lot just to remember
the
names I reported in the past a lot about
war in Gaza I used to live in Gaza G I
know Gaza I know every
single place in Gaza I can't recognize
Gaza today I can't recognize nothing all
the places in summer just two months ago
we visited Gaza for the first time in 10
years and my daughters they were so
happy to see Gaza to to meet their
cousins their aunties their uncles a few
days ago my youngest daughter she was
asking me are are we going to see my
aunties again am I going to see my
cousins again are they going to be there
next summer if we
go I really couldn't answer that
question I'm an academic a media person
however I couldn't answer that little
child 11 years old child couldn't answer
her question