calls for a ceasefire are calls for
Israel to surrender to Hamas to
surrender to terrorism to surrender to
barbarism that will not
[Music]
happen
just as the United States would not
agree to a ceasefire after the bombing
of Pearl Harbor or after the terrorist
attack of 911 Israel will not agree to a
cation of hostilities with with Hamas
after the horrific attacks of October
7th calls for a ceasefire are calls for
Israel to surrender to Hamas to
surrender to terrorism to surrender to
barbarism that will not
[Music]
happen
[Music]
but our common assessment of all of the
uh not only the cabinet members but also
all the security forces in the military
is that the ground action actually
creates the possibility not the
certainty but the possibility of getting
our hostages uh out because Hamas will
not do do it unless they're under
pressure they simply will not do it they
only do it under pressure this creates
pressure uh and again we obviously uh
greeted one hostage with the Open Arms
after yesterday's successful action by
shabbach and the IDF but we're committed
to uh getting all the hostages back home
we think that this method stands a
chance it's a goal that we're committed
to
is
the
play
it's a a disaster on on top of a
disaster uh Health needs are are saring
and our ability to meet those needs is
rapidly declining um so a third of
hospitals are
non-functioning 71% of clinics are
nonfunctioning you've seen the numbers
of uh 8,000 deaths over 20,000 injuries
uh uh 1.4 million people displaced so
our inability to supply medicines and
and equipment to the remaining hospitals
um is vital and now and now we've been
uh cut off from that ability if you like
because of uh the the high security risk
in the
[Music]
North
[Music]
a
I