Focus to Israel Hamas War where after a
week-long truce deal ended the war
between Israel and Hamas has resumed
Israeli strikes on houses and buildings
have killed at least 178 people
throughout the Gaza Strip on the first
hours of fighting after a weak long
troops collapsed now Gaza resumed the
firing Rockets into Israel mediator
Qatar said that the efforts are ongoing
to renew the troops as well now Israel
had paused the most military activity in
Gaza and free the 300 Palestinian
prisoners in exchange of the release of
over 100 hostages held by the militants
Israel says that 115 adult men 20 women
and two children are still held captive
up until the truths began more than
13,300 Palestinians have been killed
while 1200 Israelis were killed mostly
during the Hamas October 7 attack that
triggered the war now a day earlier US
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin urged
the Israeli officials to do more to
protect the Palestinian civilians as
they seek to destroy Hamas
completely
[Music]
it's also important to understand why
the pause came to an end um it came to
an end because of Hamas Hamas renegon
commitments it made in fact even before
the pause came to an end it committed an
atrocious terrorist attack in Jerusalem
killing three people wounding others
including Americans uh it began firing
Rockets before the pause it ended and as
I said it renaged on the commitments it
made in terms of releasing certain
hostages now startling Revelations
emerge as Israeli officials reportedly
had the intelligence warning about the
wide ranging attack which was planned by
Hamas well before October 7 Assault The
New York Times report reveals that a
document outlining the devastating
Invasion leading to approximately 1200
deaths circulated among the military and
intelligence leaders but despite the
detailed plan the officials dismissed
the report a military assessment
considered it premature to confirm
hamas's approval of the plan now even
after the signals the intelligence
analyst flagged a training exercise
aligning with the plot but the warnings
were
downplayed well on that note we are
dipping into a short commercial break
stay tuned we will come right back