I blame Israel for the LA for the
current War because we should never
forget the context in which the Hamas
attack happened and that is The Siege on
Gaza that began
in6 so uh in terms of what caused this
or any previous cycle of violence one
has to go to the source of the violence
and the source of the violence is
occupation and colonization and that is
what really it's about even today with
all the tragic things that are happening
right now I think that first of all we
are within an event or a structural
event that is called the ongoing nakba
as the Palestinian call it in Arabic
a namely the NBA has not ended in 1948
and it continues to this very day in
many ways the present sold the present
genocidal policy towards Gaza are part
of the ongoing
nakba however it is quite unprecedented
I agree the numbers of refugee already
resembles the number of refugees during
1948 uh and uh the genocidal uh
intentions are even worse than the one
that guided the Israelis in 1948
holocaust's uh memory has been
manipulated and abused in Israel since
1948 in order to justify by
inhuman policies towards the
Palestinians uh uh the message there is
very is very simple what you do you kind
of nify the Palestinians namely you you
describe them as a successors of of the
Nazis you attribute to them the same uh
uh
genocidal um
motivation as we're behind the Nazi
ideology and action and and by that you
can justify anything you do to them this
is to my mind an abuse of the Holocaust
memory and I'm talking as someone who
lost much of his family in the Holocaust
and it is always done without any care
about what happened in the Holocaust or
without any understanding of the
universal lessons one should have
learned from the holocause it is all
done in order to immunize Israel from
inhuman policies it carried out in the
past and unfortunately probably is
preparing for us uh in the
future