well Israel is launching retaliatory
attacks after at least one Israeli
soldier was killed as Rockets were fired
from Lebanon they targeted troops in the
city of safad earlier the Israeli Army
said it bombed Hezbollah positions
overnight well for more let's speak to Z
she's across this forest from Beirut
Zena we've been seeing this tip fortat
attacks across that border since the
beginning of this war what should we
make of this
one well no doubt this is a new
escalation but it appears to be within
the rules of engagement at least until
now so the Israeli Army's response has
begun it accused Hezbollah of violent
bombing in Northern Israel there have
been a series of air strikes on sites in
a number in multiple locations across
Southern Lebanon not just along the
border where the Battleground has been
but deeper inside Lebanon but still
within Southern Lebanon we still do not
have information on what is being
targeted but it appears that Israel is
going after Hezbollah sites what it
calls hezbollah's infrastructure now if
that changes then undoubtedly U another
step up the ladder in this gradual
escalation that we have been seeing
along the border since uh Hezbollah
joined the fight to help relieve its
Ally Hamas in Gaza on October the eth
earlier today hasbalah launched a
barrage of rockets at an Israeli
military position in Safa that's 15 km
deep inside Israel it killed an Israeli
soldier in the past few hours before
that it was targeting Israeli military
positions along the whole border you
talk to those who are close to the
Lebanese armed group and they tell you
Hezbollah was giving Israel a message
that we are strong we have position
guided missiles we too can hurt you
because in recent days the Israeli Army
really has stepped up its attacks
against hezb positions uh targeted
killings three targeted killings in in a
matter of 5 days so definitely a new
escalation we have to see what those
targets are news is just trickling in
now but multiple locations are being
targeted by Israeli Jets as we speak in
southern Lebanon we'll stay across all
those attacks across that border for you
here on alaz for now Z there in beut
thanks in