let's move to the West Bank now violent
clashes erupted in the region which
claimed at least eight lives in two
separate incidents after the Gaza
Hospital strike that has resulted in
hundreds of casualties anger is growing
among people Palestinians are also
questioning their own leadership and
have accused them of inaction the West
Bank is administered by the Palestinian
Authority which is dominated by Hamas
Rivals
fata that is led by the 87-year-old
Palestinian president mmud abas now 13
days have passed and there is no end to
violence in Gaza people are demanding
answers from their own leader after the
Gaza Hospital blast that claimed over
470 lives situation has intensified on
the ground demonstrators erupted across
the West Bank people carrying
Palestinian Flags marched against
Israel's action in
Gaza abas cancelled a planned meeting in
Jordan with US President Joe Biden on
Tuesday following the hospital
bombardment but as he returned to the
West Bank abas was greeted by hundreds
of demonstrators Marching In ramala to
express their frustration clashes also
erupted between Palestinian
demonstrators and Israeli forces five
Palestinians were killed in clashes with
Israeli forces in noam's refugee
camp
[Music]
now earlier on Thursday three
Palestinians including two teenagers
were killed in a separate incident near
the town of Shuka in West Bank
Palestinians held a funeral procession
on Thursday for men killed by Israeli
forces in the West Bank in ramala family
members and others gathered at the m to
Bid Farewell to dozens of Palestinians
who have been killed in the West Bank in
the latest flare up of Israeli
Palestinian
violence meanwhile Palestinian
authorities claim that Israel launched a
widespread arrest campaign in West Bank
at least 120 Palestinians had been
targeted and this includes members of
the Palestinian legislative Council
leader former prisoners who had spent
years in Israeli prisons according to
palestini authorities the number of
arrest has exceeded 6,000 cases so far
this year head of the Palestinian
prisoners Affairs Authority says that
those incarcerated in Israeli jails face
starvation and
[Music]
thirst