today I will be revealing
intelligence proving that Hamas uses
hospitals as Terror infrastructures
Hamas has turned hospitals into command
and control centers and hideouts for
Hamas terrorists and commanders
additionally I can confirm that
according to the intelligence we have in
our hands there is fuel in hospitals in
Gaza I repeat there is fuel in hospitals
in Gaza and Hamas is using it for its
ter
infrastructures this is the shifa
hospital you can see where it locates in
Gaza
City the larest hospital in
Gaza it has over
1,500 beds 4,000 stuff and now it has
also more people around the the
surroundings of the
hospital the red buildings as I
mentioned are building that Kamas is
using meaning he does his command and
control in different Departments of the
hospital like the rengen room and others
he uses these places in order to do
command and control for Terror
activities launching Rockets etc etc
Hamas also has an entrance to those
teron from inside the hospital Wards
meaning from different places of the
hospital you can go into an underground
tunnel that will provide you
shelter this is an illustration of shifa
hospital and the underground facilities
I want to repeat this is only an
illustration we will not share here the
true material that we have in our hands
this is only an
illustration Hamas uses shifa hospital
as a shield for Hamas Terror
infrastructure Hamas wages war from
hospitals by operating from these
hospitals Hamas not only endangers the
lives of Israelis civilians but also
exploit innocent Gaz and civilians as
human
shield shifa is not the only hospital it
is one of many Kamas use of hospitals is
a systematic
when medical facilities are used for
Terror purposes they are liable to lose
their protection from attack in
accordance with international
law
fore
for with
with
spe
for