but the Israeli police has arrested at
least about 42 people in relation with
the attacks that took place in front of
synagogue in East Jerusalem in which
seven people were shot dead by 21 year
old Palestinian government
now this is said to be one of the
deadliest attacks on the Israelis in
many years police are describing this as
an incident of Terror and this of course
has come a day after the state of Israel
carried out a deadly Raid inside the
Palestinian town of Janine in which
marked 10 Palestinians were killed
including a 61 year old woman an export
gets you all the details about the
tensions that are presently prevalent in
the Holy lands
at least seven people were killed after
a gunman opened fire at a Jerusalem
synagogue on Friday evening the latest
attack amid rapidly escalating tensions
between Palestinian militant groups and
Israeli Security Forces police said the
gunman arrived around 8 15 p.m and
opened fire hitting a number of people
before he was killed by police there was
no immediate claim of responsibility for
the attack which took place as
worshipers gathered on the eve of The
Jewish Sabbath but it comes after
Palestinian Islamic Jihad launched
nighttime Rockets from the Gaza Strip
into Israeli territory the Rockets
triggered air raid alarms in Israeli
communities near the border with the
blockaded Palestinian Coastal Enclave
Israel responded to the rocket fire with
airstrikes into Gaza
and a day earlier Israeli Security
Forces raided a West Bank refugee camp
where they traded gunfire with armed
Palestinians the operation left at least
nine Palestinians dead including
militants and at least two civilians
the months of violence which surged
after a Spate of lethal attacks in
Israel last year have drawn fears the
already unpredictable conflict could
spiral out of control triggering a
broader confrontation between
Palestinians and Israel the U.S on
Friday condemned the terrorist attack in
Jerusalem a state department
spokesperson said American officials
were in touch with their Israeli
counterparts and did not expect any
changes to Secretary of State Anthony
blinken's planned visit to Israel next
week Beyond is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the move
[Music]