Israeli Prime Minister Benin ntino has
said he would not agree to hamas's
demand for a ceasefire in exchange for
releasing the remaining hostages now n's
remarks came after he spoke with US
President Joe Biden back on Friday or
Kim Jong stret us off this
morning Israeli Prime Minister Benyamin
Netanyahu says his country will not
agree to Hamas demands for a ceas
fire in exchange for the Rel of our
hostages Hamas demands the end of the
war the withdrawal of our forces from
Gaza if we agree to this our Warriors
fall in vain and the next October 7th
will only be a matter of
time on October 7th last year around
3,000 Hamas forces stormed across
defenses from Gaza into Southern Israel
killing at least 1,200 people including
Israelis and foreign Nationals and
taking 240 others as hostages
Israel drafted a record 300,000 troops
in its response and has been attacking
Hamas in Gaza for 107 days now the Hamas
run Health Ministry says more than
25,000 people have been killed in Gaza
in that time the Israeli Prime Minister
also reiterated his opposition to an
independent Palestinian State saying
Gaza must be under the full security
control of Israel possibly responding to
the US response after Friday's phone
conversation with Biden President Biden
has made clear his uh strong conviction
that a two-state solution is still the
right path ahead and we're going to
continue to make that case the Wall
Street Journal reported on Sunday that
the US Egypt and Qatar are pushing
Israel and Hamas to join a phased
diplomatic process citing diplomats
involved in mediation the three-step
process reportedly includes the
releasing of hostages withdrawal of
Israeli forces and finally ending the
war in Gaza meanwhile Hamas media office
released a statement on Sunday saying
that there were quote faults in the
October 7 attack but the statement also
said the attack was quote to confront
all Israeli conspiracies against the
Palestinian people Kim Jang news