tens of thousands of protesters took to
the streets in Israel against the
government's planned judicial overhaul
multiple opposition leaders took part in
the protests that were organized in
cities across Israel
[Music]
thousands of Israelis rallied for a
fifth week in a road to protest the
government's push to radically shake up
the judicial system along with the main
protest in Tel Aviv smaller
demonstrations were held in Jerusalem
ether and a number of other cities local
media Reports say some 40 000 people
attended the rallies in Tel Aviv
estimated Nationwide turnout for
Saturday's protests at 60 000 with at
least 10 000 rallying in heaver around 2
000 people in Jerusalem and ranana
so I'm here for an important protest
against a corrupted government and a
corrupted prime minister they want to
tear up the Judiciary System Netanyahu
is going to change the whole system the
other legal system and uh this is going
to drive us to really bad places
other leaders officials and former
bureaucrats also came out strongly
denouncing the proposals being Advanced
by the new government the reforms
proposed by the coalition government led
by prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
includes Provisions that will curb the
high court of its Justice judicial
review powers and will cement political
control over the appointment of judges
despite objections by the Attorney
General the Supreme Court chief justice
and numerous other jurists economists
academics and others the government has
vowed to press forward with its
legislative plans the knesset's
Constitution Law And Justice committee
is set to continue its work on the bills
next week the reports say the Coalition
hopes to bring them to a first plenum
vote by the end of February
[Music]
a land
we are now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move