organizers of this rally called for
people to flood Brooklyn for Gaza and
that's exactly what they did gathering
on the steps of the Brooklyn Museum
around 3 p.m. Saturday and growing with
each stop the massive group marched to
the barklay center then the Brooklyn
Bridge temporarily closing it to traffic
to march across to
Manhattan we need a ceas fire first and
foremost and we need Aid to be able to
reach these innocent civilians who have
no homes no electricity no power I hope
there will be peace for the sake of
everybody for the Jews the Muslims
solidar is important that the same types
of uh oppression that we face as black
people as trans people as Jewish people
as Asian people it's all it's all the
same forces and when we come together um
to fight for Liberation we're also
fighting for each other everybody's out
here you see all kinds of people from
all walks of life all
ages um coming together for what's right
thousands joined the March including
this family from Philadelphia this is
passionate you know if I could go we
could go to Gaza and help them
physically we could we would you know so
you know just to come over to New York
from Philadelphia was nothing 5 hours in
they made their way to Union Square here
where they continue to gather and
chant we marched six miles just to prove
this message that we're not here for war
we are as Palestinian we love the Beast
we're not here to advocate for killing
the people I condemn the killing of that
Hamas does and I condemn The Killing
that Israel does our message is simple
just stop killing people and let people
live in peace while this rally ended
here the push for peace many gathered
say will continue Jenna d'angeles CBS 2
News