according to an IDF spokesperson Israel
is allowing safe movement for Gins as we
bring you this bulletin two main roads
in the southern territory have been near
marked between 10:00 a.m. and 400 p.m.
local time for the movement now this
comes after the UN warned of the short
time given to 1.1 million people to
evacuate the area in a statement on
social media X the IDF spokesperson said
and I quote for your safety take
advantage of the upcoming time to move
South from be hanon to KH Yunis
unquote now the map shows the route
which has been allowed by the IDF for
safe passage the route is from banon to
Kan Yunis the Tweet further says that
the residents of the beach sand and west
of olive will also be allowed to move on
dalul and alsana streets towards Salah
Alin and albaha
streets our correspondent Jordi Goen
sends us the latest updates from ranana
Israel jori has been covering the Israel
war for us very closely from Ground Zero
take a
look yes so Israel warns um Palestinian
civilians in Northern Gaza to move to
Southern Gaza
uh reportedly about
420,000 people have managed to move
Israel has accused Hamas of stopping Mo
from moving and Hamas reportedly told
people not to listen to Israel's warning
and that it was propaganda and fake news
so in response Israel dropped leaflets
over um the area the neighborhoods of
Northern Gaza to say that it was true
and that people should move to safety
now um Secretary of State linkoln said
that he's working with Israel to try and
secure safe areas for garans Israel says
it's established evacuation corridors
and that people should go in these
between the hours of 10:00 a.m. and 400
p.m. today giving more time for
civilians to be able to move to the
safer areas now Israel says it's doing
what it can to save Palestinian lives
while trying to defeat Hamas um which US
defense secretary Lloyd Austin remember
said was worse than Isis and President
Biden has now called them also worse
than
[Music]
alqaeda