Israel says it will pull out thousands
of troops from Gaza with Washington
interpreting the move as the beginning
of a gradual transition to low intensity
operations in the meantime Hamas fired
dozens of rockets into Israel on the New
Year's Day further raising tensions in
the region eing
reports the Israeli military says it
plans to pull thousands of troops out of
the Gaza Strip a statement released
Monday said five brigades or several
thousand troops were being taken out of
Gaza for training and rest Israel
Defense Forces spokesperson Daniel
hagari did not say whether the pullback
meant the armed conflict was entering a
new phase however according to a Us
official Israel's decision to withdraw
some of its troops from the Gaza Strip
is a signal that it's beginning a
gradual transition to low intensity
operations the official who spoke on the
condition of anonymity added that the
decision to pull out troops is a
reflection of the success Israel has had
in its fight against Hamas meanwhile the
chief of the Israel Defense Forces
Southern command says the fight in Gaza
will continue in a variety of methods in
a variety of intensities and in varying
forms he says the shift in trategy will
make it difficult for the enemy to
pinpoint them and understand them at the
stroke of midnight marking New Year's
Day Hamas fired at least 27 rockets at
the South and center of Israel according
to Israel military its air defense
system intercepted 18 Rockets while nine
of them fell in open areas in a video
published on social media Hamas claimed
responsibility for the attack from Gaza
saying he had fired M90 rockets in
response to the massacres of civilians
carried out by Israel EJ adang news