and the pressure on Global Supply chains
from shipping companies re-rooting cargo
vessels away from the Red Sea is
starting to be felt well Ika said on
Wednesday that it faces delays and
supply shortages of some items the
manufacturer of flatback furniture
pointed directly at the attacks by houti
on ships in the Red Sea as the
potential as a potential shortage as
well meanwhile shipping firms are now
avoiding the world's principal East West
Commerce route due to attacks on
commercial routs in the Red
[Music]
Sea
[Music]
well many shipping firms are now
avoiding the world's principal East West
Commerce route and all this due to
attacks on commercial ships at the
southern end of the Red Sea by Yemen's
houti Party The Assault spurred a us-led
multinational Force to monitor waterways
around Yemen while India too has sent
warships near who territory after the US
formed a Red Sea Force but aa's ordal
highlighted the possibility of another
round of disruptions to global trade
following the chaos of the covid-19
outbreak Akia said that it is searching
for other ways to guarantee the supply
of goods while many of the firm's Goods
typically go through the sus Canal while
traveling from the Asian manufacturing
to the markets in Europe and Beyond Ika
does not own sh shipping vessels of its
own but it partners with transportation
companies well the Ika spokesperson has
clearly said and I'm quoting here what
we can share for now is that the
situation in the Su Canal will result in
delays and may cause availability
constraints for certain Ikea Goods the
Iranian backed houti attacks have made
reaching the S Canal dangerous about 12%
of the world shipping traffic transits
through this canal many shipping firms
are now looking at a longer and more
expensive option Route Around Africa but
that route to Europe through the Cape of
Good Hope that could increase the voyage
Days by
145% or an extra 22 days on a roundtrip
basis well the market participants for
crude and oil Goods said that the length
of the interruptions will decide how
much of an impact will this have on the
oil prices
[Music]