Israel delivered its side of the bargain
after a barrage of tear
gas then the coach appeared on board the
released Palestinian prisoners reving in
their Liberation welcomed in ecstatic
scenes by the West Bank crowd how do you
feel I feel fantastic why it's a it's a
winning win if we die it's and if we
live this is going to happen Israeli
occupation authorities had banned any
celebration of the homecoming but that
was comprehensively ignored the Euphoria
could not be suppressed this is what
they've been waiting for their women and
children return from Israeli jails GM
across back into the West Bank to his
raes they are terrorists on board to
these people they are heroes of the
resistance against Israel's
occupation Hamas will claim this as a
victory their green flags waved over the
crowd despite Israel's best efforts this
will only make Hamas stronger on the
West Bank the prisoners defied Israeli
orders not to talk to the cameras Hanam
bouti had been in jail for two months
without trial and had this message for
her captors we are the owner of this
land they are the terrorists they are
the ones who took our land they are
persecuting us and that's how they
create resistance inside us our small
children when they grow up they will
become resistance even The Unborn
children would become Hammer whether
Israel likes it or not not there' been a
tense buildup all day Israelis moving in
to clear the area terrifying some in the
crowds right get in the
vehicle they are not want peace no end
for for all this and Gaza will be come
[Music]
here as Darkness fell there were clashes
between Palestinians and Israelis and a
number of of casualties but this is what
Palestinians will remember from this
evening scenes that may be repeated now
in coming nights their brothers and
sisters released into freedom and Hamas
taking the credit Dominic waghorn Sky
News on the West Bank