prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu who
has landed in California and is enroute
to New York to address the United
Nations General Assembly the visit comes
in the thick of massive process in
Israel against the judicial overhaul
plan that has rocked the nation as they
departed from the bengurion airport in
Tel Aviv Netanyahu was greeted with
chanting by crowds hitting out at home
over the judicial overhaul casting barbs
at Netanyahu people called on him to not
return to Israel from the U.S Netanyahu
equated protesters at home with enemies
of the state he said that anti-judicial
overhaul protesters by joining forces
with Iran and the Palestine Liberation
Organization in a later statement the
prime minister's office clarified his
statement the statement says that
Netanyahu was referring to the fact that
anti-overhall protesters will be
demonstrating at the same time as
pro-palestine and pro-sanction activists
will also protest during the United
Nations General Assembly session
netanyahu's troubles at home just one
end of it U.S Israel relations remain
tense as fresh amounts against Netanyahu
for what has been termed an
anti-democratic stance it reflects in
the fact that he has not been invited to
the White House Netanyahu will be
meeting Biden on the sidelines of the
United Nations General Assembly
meanwhile protesters began to prepare
for netanyahu's arrival in the United
States protesters from an activist group
projected welcome to
Alcatraz Bibi on the walls of the
infamous U.S jail
an image showing Netanyahu in inmates
uniform was also projected onto the wall
of the al-caraz jail
ahead of netanyahu's arrival of the West
Coast or at the West Coast listen now
who say that the protests do not
surprise him anymore he confirmed that
he will raise the issue of Iran's intent
to develop nuclear weapons with Biden
the escalation follows tehran's move to
ban multiple United Nations nuclear
inspectors assigned to Iran
foreign
[Music]
foreign
Netanyahu is using Iran as a pet to warm
up to the west and win their favor at
home though things are far from well
on is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move
[Music]