this is what's left of alifa Hospital in
Gaza it used to provide health care but
it's been decimated by the Israeli
Defense Force some say this has been one
of the massive sweeps in The Enclave
speakers hospital before the war
erupted destruction is far and wide in
the alifa compound as you can see
there's large numbers of mares the
evacuation of the seek is ongoing and
first plan is to remove the sick from
alifa whose lives were protected during
the time of the Israeli presence in
alifa compound now we will move the sick
and the wounded from alifa to the
Baptist Hospital which is the only one
in Gaza Strip the wellfood program has
also painted a bleak picture about the
current situation in Gaza there is
nowhere else in the world where so many
people face imminent famine here in Gaza
City we're at the epicenter of the
crisis here in the Gaza Strip they
themselves are Desperately Seeking every
day the aid that they need to survive
and we are simply not getting enough
into Gaza City and the north of the
strip meanwhile Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu is conscious after
undergoing a successful H operation in
Jerusalem he was fitted with a pacemaker
last year while Israel was caught up in
its domestic crisis with protests
against his government's judicial
overhaul plan here at the hadasa medical
center in enim the operation of the
Prime Minister Mr Benjamin netan is uh
was completed successfully he's awake
he's talking to his family and his
situation is
perfect oppos tens of thousands of
people demonstrated in Jerusalem on
Sunday against n Yo's government they
organize rally outside Parliament and
call for a new election what I'm doing
here is trying to change the government
because this government is a complete
and utter failure and the only way they
will lead us into the abys that we will
never come out of kyli kumalo s ABC News
Johannesburg