Israeli Defense Forces have successfully
reached tunnels in Gaza twice almost
catching hold off top Hamas leader Yaya
Sinar now according to the reports Sinar
had narrowly escaped from The Tunnel
right before the IDF managed to reach
him IDF spokesperson said that it had
specific information about the tunnel
where Sinar was hiding however he fled
the tunnel only a few hours before the
IDF conducted The Raid local media
Outlets reported earlier that the IDF
operations have been focused around the
southern Gaza City of KH yunas this with
the primary objective of killing Yaya
Sinar svar has escaped capture by the
IDF twice in recent days further other
reports also indicate that the Hamas
leader is on the move and hasn't been
staying in one place for a long period
now this man hunt led the Israeli troops
to uncover a previously a previous
hiding space of Muhammad de the
commander of Hamas military
wing earlier on Sunday Israeli soldiers
raided the vacation homes of several
Hamas leaders Sinar being one of them
the IDE of captured the office of Hamas
Khan Unis Brigade Commander this along
with an underground and Terror
infrastructure as well the forces also
captured the main square of bani soila
which is a suburb of K yunas Sinar is
currently believed to be in hiding in KH
Unis he had earlier fled the north of
the Strip by using a humanitarian Convoy
during the ongoing conflict with Israel
despite other reports there's no
confirmation of his residence in Kan
yunes Israeli forces have called sinad
The Mastermind of the October 7th attack
on Israel the worst attack that Israel
has ever faced when hundreds of Hamas
government crossed the borders and
Rampage through towns now as the
conflict intensifies Israel Wows to
continue its operations until reaching
senior Hamas
officials
[Music]