Beyond when you talk about Justice
people Seeking Justice I guess it's
going to be a whole other conversation
once this conflict ends because Justice
Means different things for for different
people and I guess both sides are
seeking some form of Justice you know
and that can translate into things like
revenge for
example I think that's definitely a
theme of the film actually this idea
that the the teacher is trying to guide
his student uh to sort of different
differentiate between the pursuit of
justice and revenge but I can't help but
think when tens of thousands of
Palestinian children are being orphaned
or tens of thousands of Palestinians are
having their children killed or maimed
and so forth if there is no justice
surely at least for the majority a dee
rooted hate will will will develop and
manifest and without Justice the pursuit
of Revenge so again it's and that's the
the the worry here so many people guests
that we've had on the program analysts
who have spoken about this what is going
on could lead to something even more
dangerous given there are so many
children now that have been orphaned
absolutely I mean and at the end of the
day we don't just think about the deaths
and the injuries think about the sort of
lives that have been uprooted and and
and destroyed and again I come back to
this idea of the student and and the
teacher the schools that have been
destroyed the universities the the
hospitals so it's it's not just about
death and injury it's also about how do
they carry on how do they exist how do
they survive and that's also going to
lead and we're talking about 2 million
people here not just the 100,000 who are
killed and maimed and and and injured
but an entire population so the the the
the level of trauma and Recovery where
are we going with that