now protests were held in several
countries over the Gaza Hospital
explosion protesters were angry over the
deadly explosion that has killed 500
people they were chanting anti-israel
slogans in these rallies here's
more
feel defeated and helpless and also
hopeless and nihilistic about what been
happening but I also do think it's
important to not wallow or dwell in
those negative feelings and if you could
to you know harness whatever you're
feeling into energy and then you could
spread that to more and more
people the war started when the Hamas
rampaged across communities in southern
Israel on October
7th there were conflicting claims of who
was responsible for the explosion
[Music]
Hamas officials in Gaza quickly blamed
an Israeli air
strike Israel denied it was involved and
released a flurry of video audio and
other information that it said that
showed the blast was instead due to a
rocket
misfire agency report Republic
TV
now President Joe Biden has said that
Egypt's President has agreed to open the
Gaza border crossing to allow at least
20 trucks with humanitarian aid supplies
to cross over now Joe Biden made the
comments [ __ ] the Air Force One as his
flight took off for
Washington the president has told
reporters that he spoke to the Egyptian
president Abdul fat Ali who's agreed to
to reopen his country's sealed border
crossing to allow for
trucks this has been a very
uh blunt negotiation I've had and uh so
we want to get as many of the trucks out
as possible there's I guess 150 or
something there not all of them will go
the first trunch if there's a second
trch see how it goes the commitment is
if in fact they cross the border the UN
is going to be on the other side and
then Distributing it uh which is going
to take a little time to set up probably
but uh the the the point being that um
if the if Hamas confiscates it or
doesn't let it get through just
confiscates it then it's going to end
because we're not going to be send in
any humanitarian Aid to Hamas if they're
going to come be confiscated that's the
commitment that I made and uh so the
bottom line is that um uh LCC deserves
some real credit because he was very
accommodating and quite frankly uh has
everyone I've spoken to thus far since
this trip began