now as the war between Israel and Hamas
wages on and the death stroll continues
to climb uncontrolled Saudi defense
minister here Prince Khaled bin Salman
is in the US and the Saudi Prince has
held a meeting with us National Security
adviser Jake salaman in Washington right
and according to the White House Press
release issued after the meeting the
pair underlined the quote unquote urgent
need to increase humanitarian assistance
for the people of Gaza they've also
affirmed the importance of detering any
state or non-state actor from seeking to
expand the conflict they emphasized the
need to find a sustainable peace between
the Palestinians and the Israelis
building on Saudi us efforts over recent
months Prince Khaled and salvin also
discussed ongoing efforts to strengthen
the defense partnership between the
United States and Saudi Arabia apart
from discussing the situation in Yemen
now salivan welcomed the significant
deescalation of the conflict over the
past year and a half and endorsed Saudi
Le efforts to bring bring the war to a
close all together the Saudi defense
Minister's Washington visit comes after
Crown Prince Muhammad bin Salman and Joe
Biden shared a call on got on a call on
the situation in Gaza last week pardon
me and the Crown Prince called on the
United States to work immediately to
discuss ways to stop the Israeli
military operations that have claimed
innocent lives meanwhile back home for
the s's armed forces and air defense
sites across the country have reportedly
been placed into a heightened state of
Readiness the deployment follows
significant clashes with houthi Fighters
over the last 24 hours within the jazan
region near the border with Yemen now
the Skirmish comes as a result of
clashes with the Iranian backed terror
group at least four Saudi soldiers have
been killed so
[Music]
far oh