these Israelis say they're taking
matters into their own hands for the
second time in a week they're trying to
deliver Aid to Kim Shalom a crossing at
the southern end of the Gaza Strip the
truck carries Food Supplies donated by
hundreds of families inside Israel both
Jewish families as well as Palestinian
families rice FL flour canned food sugar
basic needs that can Elevate the dire
problem of hunger a mass hunger that's
facing the civilian population in the
Gaza Strip so we're standing just
outside the city of Ashkelon the
standing together Aid Convoy has now
arrived on the first leg of its journey
to km Shalom but the police are here too
and they say they're going to escort it
part of the way a lorry carrying
humanitarian Aid sets off for km Shalom
followed by dozens of activists in their
cars but at a police checkpoint just a
few kilometers from the crossing the aid
Mission comes to an abrupt end the
activists are told to make a u-turn
we were stopped by police that put up a
temporary block uh claiming it is a
military quarantine Zone and they
basically turned us back um go go back
to where we came from we had received a
lot of angry yellings from from
bystanders claiming that uh we're the
reason that this is happening uh that
we're traders to the country that we're
betraying the hostages and the people
that died on October 7th for weeks
protesters have been trying to stop
humanitarian Aid convoys from reaching
Gaza here some drivers have even stopped
their vehicles to vent their anger at
the
activists preventing aid from getting in
is not only damaging our future and our
future here as a people it's also
damaging the hostages that are that are
kept there I understand their anger but
this is not the way to show it so for
the second time in a week this Convoy
from standing together has been turned
back by police but these activists are
not disen heartened they say they'll try
again in the near future