now Israel Hamas War continues to take a
toll on families on both sides as the
days pass on families of hostages still
await some good news in a bit to press
Israeli government into more action for
the release of hostages people call for
a 5-day March towards Jerusalem Marchers
from all walks of life could be seen out
on the streets chanting raising banners
and showing pictures of hostages people
call for an immediate release of all
those being held by
Hamas
bring them home bring them home bring
them
home the March will end in front of
Israeli Parliament caness it in
Jerusalem to put more pressure on the
government there are now 41 days already
at Gaza we are very concerned for their
condition for their health and for the
mental condition physical condition of
course and uh we will say their names
every day every day until they will be
back and will answer
present in Jerusalem a display of empty
class with 28 with 38 chairs was
positioned in front of the Western Wall
judaism's holiest wall in a show of
support to victims of Palestinian
militant group Israel says Hamas took
over to 40 hostages in the October 7th
attack that killed over 1200 in the
country and so far only four hostages
have been
released H so this is my aunt Maya
Goran she's from from near o in the in
October 7th ER the terrorists came to
her house and kidnapped her H they
murdered her husband my uncle
hostages include Israelis as well as
foreign Nationals from countries like
the United States Germany United Kingdom
Nepal and Thailand among others ever
since the start of Israel's incursion
into Gaza on October 7th no further
hostages have been
[Music]
released Reports say a hostage deal
between Israel and Hamas is imminent
wherein Hamas could negotiate for the
release of Palestinian prisoners and a
three-day pause in fighting while Israel
has called for more action against Hamas
to bring back the hostages but Hamas
seemed to be hiding hostages in its vast
tunnel Network beneath the Gaza City
which poses a huge tactical challenge
for Israeli
[Music]
forces
[Music]
my