Jerusalem is a city that is sacred in
three faiths East Jerusalem like other
occupied areas is a place to control
Palestinians threw over cellars policing
now Israel is a state that is synonymous
to many as a place where there are
aggressive settlers a well-armed army
and border police and a place where
people feel they are being oppressed
with a by an unsympathetic regime and
yet this prides itself on being a state
which is a democracy and yet controls
Palestinians by permits specialized
measures and sometimes by house
demolitions now this is the 50th
anniversary of the military takeover
after the 1967 war the occupation has an
effect on most Palestinians socially
economically politically militarily and
psychologically in kalki Leah in the
town of kalki Leah in June I saw
thousands of workmen coming back through
the steel gates in the separation
barrier the security wall as the
Israelis like to call it these men were
tired after spending 12 15 hours
painting renovating decorating houses in
Israel for Israeli people in Gaza there
is a blockade that has an impact a huge
impact on over a million people the
suicide rate is increasing because of
the desperation some people feel and
then in December we had the US president
deciding to change the US policy by
declaring that the US Embassy would move
from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem they would
recognize a divided city as being a
place where Israel could call its
capital and by that it destroys the
pretense that America could be an honest
broker in peace negotiations and that
America is neutral this undermines the
palestinian goal of calling our cuts
here in East Jerusalem as being their
capital in a future Palestinian state
you
[Music]