Lionel Messi helped Rescue an Argentine
grandmother from Hamas abductors sounds
fake right but it's true well on October
7th Hamas launched an attack on Israel
250 Israelis and soldiers were taken as
hostages back to
Gaza well 90-year-old Esa Kuno was at
the center of a terrifying ordal
alongside eight members of her family
what happened next well watch this
report to know exactly what
happened I'm from where Messi is
from it was these words that 90-year-old
Esther cunio credits for saving her
during the October 7th Rampage moments
earlier two Palestinian gunmen had
invaded her home in southern Israel near
the Gaza
border kunio who was born in Argentina
but lives in kabut near Oz spoke about
her horrifying encounter in a new
documentary called voses de Latino
stories of surv
as the two Intruders demanded to know
where her family was she told them she
couldn't speak Arabic only Argentine
Spanish she said they asked what
Argentina was so seizing the moment she
mentioned it was lonel Messi's Home
Country
football so I tell him do you watch
soccer he then says to me yes yes I like
soccer so I say to him I'm from where
Messi is from then he replies Messi I
like
Messi then a surreal moment
happened he put my hand like this right
here he gave the revolver to me the
shotgun he put his hand like this and
they took the picture of us and well
then they
left
the picture of Kuno with an AK-47 on her
lap sitting next to a Palestinian
militant went viral on social
media in another part of Israel's near o
kun's grandsons were taken hostage Kuno
says she awaits the return of her golden
boys and now I hope that Messi knows
that I mentioned him and because of him
I was
saved
now I would ask for my grandchildren for
my two grandchildren who are locked up
in Gaza I would tell him to please pray
to God to send them to him because they
are kids who are worth gold one David
and the other
arelio the Hamas attack on October the
7th sparked the devastating war in Gaza
that has raged for more than 5 months
Argentina Peru and Mexico have said
co-nationals of their countries have
been either killed or kidnapped in the
[Music]
conflict