so we are shooting
here uh just near gerot inside gerot
police station where uh the terrorist
holded up for several hours the gun
battle went on for several hours finally
several policemen were killed almost uh
two dozen policemen were killed while
there were 10 terrorists inside hold up
inside and in this area they uh uh drove
on the streets on bikes and uh trucks
and this is also the area where they uh
killed several people it's not been many
hours since these uh bodies have been
removed from here from this place and
the city is still reeling because of
this here how the sounds of gun battle
are coming from here and what I'm
showing you right now is the burned cars
of Israeli citizens families who were on
this road when terrorist came in this is
this is how it unfolded you can imagine
the horror of it what has gone on here
these are the cars or families who were
just on a normal uh drive maybe and
going somewhere but this is what has
happened to them this this is the
situation here you can hear the gun
battle going on there and Strikes may be
going on there and just behind me as
well you can
see how it
is there there is a bunker right here
and uh this is the way from where the
terrorist came in theyve burned
everything they found fired
indiscriminately on people here we tried
to talk to some of the people here some
of the security Personnel here but they
have told us not to take pictures not to
talk
under
we can hear the sudden rocket attacks
right now during the it is very
very very
close being intercepted by the ome but
they are more coming
in
okay I mean usually most of us see it
only in maybe movies or something but
this is a real picture of Devastation
which the Rockets fired from Gaza have
caused there are many many cars who have
met this fate