we're hearing from the parents of an
Israeli American taken hostage by Hamas
6 months ago speaking under duress HH
Goldberg Poland criticizes the Israeli
government of prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu as other Israeli hostages in
Hamas propaganda videos have done before
as Raph Sanchez reports his parents are
demanding his release as well as the
release of the other
hostages Shalom this morning the FBI
looking for clues in this Hamas video of
American Israeli hostage H Goldberg
Poland and his parents getting a first
glimpse of their missing son the video
is undated and it shows HS has lost his
left hand but he's alive his family gave
us permission to show the footage what
was it like for you to see that video I
mean
initially you know we were just
crying this was a
tremendous validation and on the other
hand we see him he's in captivity
he's obviously suffering with this
missing dominant arm he certainly
doesn't look like
himself but it was amazing to see him
and amazing to see that he speaks like
himself with Clarity and strength the
last sighting of their son was on
October 7th as he was kidnapped from the
Supernova Music Festival his left arm
badly damaged by a Hamas
grenade Rachel and JN have campaigned
tirelessly for their son's release
since October 7th a painful daily ritual
so every day I write the number of days
it's been since hsh was stolen hirs is
one of five Americans still believe to
be alive in Hamas captivity four others
were released last year including
four-year-old Abigail Idan the youngest
American who yesterday became the first
freed Hostage to meet President Biden at
the White House but Israel says 133
hostages are still in Gaza at least 36
of them confirmed dead how do you stay
hopeful well we say all the time hope is
mandatory so it's not really a choice
it's
mandatory ra Sanchez reporting hirs had
planned to travel around the world and
on the day he was scheduled to leave
December 27th his mother went to the
airport with friends and handed stickers
of H to passengers on his flight asking
them to send photos from the places they
visit