Israeli forces exchanged fire with
Palestinian militants in the West Bank
on Saturday it was the second day of
raid that left at least two people dead
according to the Palestinian Health
Ministry that is Israeli forces launched
the raid on the nor Shams area near the
Palestinian city of taram the Israeli
Army released a video that it claimed
showed its operation in the area the
Israeli military said that at least 10
the militants were killed and eight
wanted suspects were arrested eight
soldiers and a broader and a border
police officer were wounded in fire
exchanges now the now the tulam brigades
group includes militants from numerous
Palestinian factions at least three
drones were seen hovering above Nur
Shams where the Israeli military
vehicles were masked and burst of gun
fires were also heard
now the area houses 1948 War
refugees Israel's military offensive in
the Gaza Strip has killed at least
34,000 Palestinians and wounded 76,000
since October
7th 37 Palestinians have been killed and
68 injured in the past 24 hours the
ministry added in a
statement hundreds of Palestinians
marched in a funeral procession carrying
the bodies of the two men killed in the
settler attack on the village of akraba
in West Bank according to the mayor of
akraba some 50 armed settlers attacked
members of his community and fired at
the Palestinian youth killing two of
them and wounding others
[Music]
the Israeli military said it was looking
into the incident over the past weekend
hundreds of armed Jewish settlers have
raided Palestinian Villages near the
city of ramala blocking roads setting
houses and cars of Blaze and firing at
civilians Medics and civilians as well
Israeli officials say that the
escalation began after a 14-year-old
Israeli went missing in the West Bank
his body was discovered on Sat Saturday
and what Israel said was a suspected
militant attack the US attack the US
state department condemned the killing
of the Israeli teen and also said that
it was increasingly concerned by
violence against Palestinians in the
West Bank
[Music]
oh