now breaking updates coming in 18,000
Indians are said to be in Israel but the
update is that the Indians are safe
there are no casualties or injuries
reported so that's a big relief uh there
are about 18,000 Indians who are
currently in Israel remember Israel has
declared a state of War so there were
concerns but an update also coming in
that there are no casualties or injuries
that are reported all Indians in Israel
are absolutely safe
well definitely 900 students in
different universities in Israel are
there and in total around 18,000 is what
the number has been given to us by the
authorities that 18,000 Indians are
there in Israel now the relief coming in
at least on the Indian front FR that
there has not been any injury or
casualty to Indian Nationals there what
the sources suggest from the Indian
mission in Tel Aviv that all the 18,000
Indians are in touch there are what
different WhatsApp groups and there
there have been uh group leaders who
have been nominated by the mission to
ensure that the communication is on
there have been repeated advisories from
Indian mission in Tel Aviv the embassy
has very clearly stated that stay indoor
stay safe and uh reach out to Embassy in
case of any distress as of now there
hasn't been any distress call uh to the
Embassy though there are few Indian ter
tourists who were there who who were on
vacation or for some business uh
proposals in Israel they have reached
out to the Embassy for a safe passage to
exit uh Tel Aviv remember the airspace
is not shut there are planes that are
functional the private planes that are
functional we are
direct flight by Air India has
definitely been suspended till October
14th but there are flights that can be
taken in and out of Israel and that's
that all Indians there the Indian
Mission has gotten touch with them and
they're all said to be safe rishab thank
you for joining us with those details
quick break we'll be right back