[Music]
it's been four years since Bassam da
hair was last with her parents she was
seven years old when her home in the Shu
Jaya district was hit by Israeli rocket
fire when the house was bombed
we were sitting suddenly we saw a red
line to terrified us when rescuers asked
who was in the house my brother's wife
Shima cried help help we're alive
I told him please bring me cold water to
drink I was trapped under the rubble for
six hours during those hours
the bombs continued to fall and it
complicated the rescue it was an intense
indescribable bombardment our family
members went to the cemetery they
sheltered themselves in the half-open
graves to protect themselves from the
airstrikes the attack on Shu Jaya lasted
two days and it was one of the worst in
the 2014 conflict between the Gaza Strip
and Israel the assault killed everyone
in be Solms immediate family including
her parents she's been cared for by her
aunt and uncle and an unlikely friend a
journalist who covered her story Yasser
Murtaza helped in her rescue took her to
doctors visits and was there during her
recovery
but for her neighborhood recovery has
been slower Israel says Xu Jia was
targeted because many of the rockets
coming from Gaza were launched from
there but a UN investigation found the
Israeli bombings indiscriminate it said
those attacks could be called a war
crime and now it plans to investigate
Israeli forces wounding thousands of
people and killing 135 protestors this
year in what the Palestinians call the
great march of return one of the Dead
was B Psalms friend yes sir the
journalist an Israeli snipers shot him
dead in April while he covered the March
rights groups are calling for an
investigation into his death but there's
been little response it's been another
blow to be some who is now 11 today she
visits yassir's grave with a toy that
reminds
of him I'd love I'm keeping it until
today because it has your smell I was
happy with you
I was joyous with you Yaser Natasha was
someone who helped to be some to cope
with her pain and now he's gone - Sara
Balter trt world
[Music]