Mandela's message of peace was rooted in
the conviction that we are all part of
the same community that our fate is tied
to that of our fellow citizens he
famously held that to be free is not
merely to cast off one's chains but to
live in a way that respects and enhances
the freedom of others no me sit wake an
idea on our fondue meal earning 2,000
Mandela passing down through Rooney
Clark justice we have long discussions
going from the dark to the confines of
Robben Island to the floor of the United
Nations Nelson Mandela always appealed
to our common humanity that must be the
foundation of any lasting peace 100
years after his birth it is fitting that
Madiba be remembered here by leaders of
all nations the leader Gilligan eskild
potage named if he recognized the leader
wishes a new opportunities processes not
to say that our solidarity is
unquestioned or unshaken armed conflict
emerging threats a change in climate all
have tested the strength of our
commitment
and the bounds of our compassion in
times like these we must remember the
example of Nelson Mandela who believed
that we should not despair for our
troubles
only bear witness to a job unfinished as
we pay tribute to the legacy of Nelson
Mandela Canada reaffirms its resolve to
push forward the work he began Canada
will continue to call out the unfair
treatment of racial and ethnic
minorities of women and girls of
indigenous peoples we will continue to
speak up for the refugees of Roe hinga
for the Yazidis of northern Iraq for the
people of Venezuela Canada will always
stand tall for democracy the rule of law
and human rights at home and abroad
peace is the work of many generations
Madiba took up the cause of peace and it
is now up to us to keep carrying the
torch forward the flames of his ideals
must live on in each and every one of us