overseas now and major developments in
the Israel Hamas War Israel's war
cabinet approving a plan to go after
Hamas militants in Rafa in southern Gaza
including they say evacuating 1.4
million displaced Palestinians who have
taken Refuge there and it comes as the
first shipment of desperately needed Aid
has arrived in Gaza by sea ABC's Matt
Gutman in Israel
Tonight Tonight Israel's prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu announcing plans for
that controversial offensive into the
southern Gaza City of Rafa to hunt for
Hamas the IDF says it would move 1.4
million Palestinians to humanitarian
Islands in central Gaza they will
provide
them temporary
housing who water fill hospitals but us
officials say they've seen no plan we
have to see a clear and implementable
plan not only to get uh civilians out of
Harm's Way but also to make sure that
once out of hars way they're
appropriately cared for am made a
growing Rift with Netanyahu President
Biden today praising Senate Majority
Leader Chuck Schumer's blistering rebuke
of the Israeli leader I think he uh
expressed a serious concern shared not
only by him but by many Americans today
the first Maritime shipment of Aid
arriving off the coast of Gaza but
distribution of the aid remains a
challenge the hunger is killing us said
this man I'm still going to go to Rafa
so I can eat and feed my children but
Rafa may not be a refuge for much longer
with Hamas has presented a new ceasefire
proposal that would see about 40 Israeli
hostages released in exchange for up to
a thousand Palestinians from Israeli
prisons Netanyahu has called that
unrealistic still he is sending a
delegation to Doha for negotiations with
Matt Gutman our thanks to you
tonight hi everyone George Stephan opas
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching