as we have consistently stated from the
very beginning Israel's goal is to get
all of the hostages back there will be
no one left behind the hostage release
PA could have been extended to get more
hostages out and the government of
Israel had already approved a sufficient
list of Palestinian violent criminals in
Israeli jails to proceed with an
exchange for at least another two days
unfortunately Hamas decided to terminate
the pause by failing to release all the
kidnapped women as it was obligated to
do so and kidnapped children and by
resuming rocket fire having chosen to
hold on to our women Hamas will now take
the mother of all
thumpings as of now after Hamas violated
the framework for a pause in the
fighting hostilities have resumed and
the IDF has resumed combat against the
Hamas Army of Terror in the Gaza Strip
the state of Israel government Army and
Society is committed to the two goals of
this war which Hamas launched on October
7th releasing all the hostages and
eliminating Hamas so that the Gaza Strip
can never again pose a threat to the
people of Israel like our American
Allies we too want to make every effort
and are making every effort to minimize
civilian casualties in this war that
Hamas declared and to expedite the
delivery of humanitarian aid for the
people of Gaza as of now as Hamas
resumes hostilities the IDF is providing
information to Palestinian civilians in
the Gaza Strip on movement for their
safety in the next stage of the war that
Hamas has resumed including taking note
of the evacuation areas we are
determined to continue thwarting hamas's
six strategy of human Shields having
spent the last 16 years deliberately
embedding its military infrastructure
under homes mosques schools and
hospitals and trying to keep civilians
In Harm's well way in order to evade
Justice