Benjamin Netanyahu at Sea with Israel's
Navy on Sunday just as his messaging
toward his Security Forces could be
described as all at
Sea on Saturday the Israeli Prime
Minister again said he would be among
those to answer questions about the
intelligence failures that led to the
October 7th Hamas attack but only after
the war he was joined at the news
conference by defense minister yav
Galant and War cabinet minister and
former Defense Forces Chief Benny Gant
but just a few hours later Netanyahu
posted on social media that at no time
was he warned of hamas's War intentions
and that security and military officials
had assessed Hamas was looking for a
settlement Gans responded saying when we
are at War leadership must display
responsibility make the correct
decisions and strengthen the forces the
Prime Minister must retract his
statement Netanyahu deleted his post
Sunday morning and said I was wrong and
I apologize for that I give full backing
to all the heads of the security
services in the end he understood that
his government would fall apart unless
he behaved properly and uh he took it
back and Professor Jonathan Reinhold
believes Israeli soldiers and their
leaders will see this as just a small
distraction from their task at hand
Netanyahu became Israel's long Serving
Leader by assuring citizens he would
protect them but also by knowing how to
protect himself many many people have
very little faith in his
Integrity everyone's got faith in his
intellectual and political capabilities
Netanyahu spoke with US President Joe
Biden again Sunday the White House says
they discussed the hostage situation and
that Biden underscored the need to
increase the flow of
into Gaza redond Channon Global News
London