news coming in at this point India today
sent Medical Aid and disaster relief
material to Palestinians in Gaza amid
the ongoing war with Israel now India
said and I quotes the material includes
essential life- saving medicines
surgical items stent sleeping bags toour
lens sanitary utilities and water
purification tablets among other
necessary items as well uh this is what
the foreign Ministry spokesperson Aram
bakri said on his post on TW on platform
X
right India has now sent Aid to uh Gaza
remember earlier Egypt had agreed to
open up the Rafa Crossing through which
Aid will pour in for the Palestinians in
Gaza who have been affected by several
of the Israeli attacks uh this of course
happened after the deadly attack that
took place on a hospital in Gaza now
India has sent Medical Aid and disaster
re relief material as well uh the things
that have been sent so far according to
the external affairs minister Ministry
is the materials include essential
life-saving medicines surgical items
tents sleeping bags stop pins sanitary
utilities water purification tablets uh
are these are just some of the items
that have been sent along with several
other necessary items medic medicinal as
well as uh essential items that have
been sent to the Palestinians in Gaza at
this point uh remember there are several
um uh Palestinians including children
and women in Gaza who are at this point
affected uh by the crossfire between
Hamas and Israel uh remember Israel has
in fact asked the Palestinians who are
living on the northern part of Gaza City
to move to the southern part uh now Aid
has started to enter about 2 days ago uh
since Friday Aid has been entering
Russia and the United States have also
sent Aid now India joins in India has
also sent Aid to the Palestinians in
Gaza