it's the weekend and demonstrate Us in
Israel are back on the streets this is
the 15th consecutive week the process
against judicial reforms have taken
place despite prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu putting reforms on hold
protesters are still refusing to barge
tens of thousands of Israelis returned
to the streets of Tel Aviv on today with
Israeli floods in hand protesters
reiterated what they have been demanding
every week complete revocation of the
reforms protesters marched on the
streets lit bonfires Enchanted slogans
most of them were hard chanting
democracy and Shea
[Music]
foreign
[Music]
remember
foreign
[Music]
after the main event was over and the
crowd began dispersing some tried to
reach a nearby Highway which they often
Block in process but this time Israeli
police already stationed there in an
attempt to prevent protesters from
reaching it similar protests were held
across the country meanwhile Israeli
government rebuffed a decision by credit
ratings agency Moody's to revise its
outlook on Israel to stable from
positive Central Bank and Senior finance
ministry officials have already warned
that the judicial overhaul will impact
investor sentiments and may hurt the
economy Netanyahu has put their reforms
on hold until next Parliament session
but protesters say that they want
nothing less than a complete revocation
reforms first proposed in January aimed
to overhaul the country's Judicial
System some parts of the legislation
have already been passed it limits the
power of Supreme Court and it gives
government more control in appointing
judges the government will also have
powers to turn the top quotes rulings
netanyahua say that reforms are needed
to curb overreaching powers of the
Supreme Court but critics say
that they would open doors to corruption
Rion is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move
[Music]