US President Joe Biden says that a
ceasefire and hostage deal in Gaza will
hopefully come into effect by Monday
this as negotiators from Egypt Qatar the
US and France are working with the
Waring sides Israel and Hamas for weeks
now now of course they're working to
clinch a Deal Seeking a halt to the 5mon
long fighting which is going on in Gaza
which has claimed more than 30,000 lives
so far a deal could also include the
exchange of dozens of hostages for
several hundred pales detainees held by
Israel in New York Biden was asked when
such an agreement might start Biden
responded by saying a deal is very
closed and that he hopes that a
ceasefire will be achieved by Monday
negotiators are hoping to secure a truce
between Israel and Hamas before the
Muslim holy month of
Ramadan I hope by the the beginning of
the weekend I mean the end of the
weekend at least my my my National
Security advisor tells me that we're
close we're close it's not done yet and
My Hope Is by next Monday we'll have a
ceasefire Israeli Prime Minister Benin
Netanyahu had earlier dismissed The
Troop withdrawal demand as delusional he
says any ceasefire deal would only delay
a military incursion into the southern
Gaza City of Rafa around 1.4 million
Palestinians have sought shelter in Rafa
as Israeli forces took down other Gaza
cities the Israeli forces marched into
Gaza days after the Hamas militant group
launched the October 7th attack nearly
1200 people were killed in Israel and
more than 250 were taken hostage 130
hostages including 31 presumed dead
remain in Gaza after a onewe truce in
November which helped secure the release
of other hostages Hamas run Gaza Health
Ministry says that over 29,000 people
have been killed in Israeli Onslaught
that followed October 7th attacks on is
[Music]
right