Israel's National Planning and Building
Council approves the advanced plans for
more than 3,500 new homes which are
going to be built as settlements in the
occupied West Bank the approval comes as
a response to a West Bank attack that
happened nearly 2 weeks ago during the
attack at least one Israeli was killed
and over 11 were injured now about 70%
of the homes will be built in Mali arum
which is east of Jerusalem with the rest
in nearby kidar and ephat south of
Bethlehem higher planning committee of
the Civil Administration approved
Advanced plans for the development with
over 2,400 in Mali uim at least 690 in
epat and 330 in kedar this is the first
time since June that the development of
housing units in the West Bank have
advanced the Palestinian Authority
condemned these developments Israel has
built about 160 settlements
some 700,000 Jews occupy
this the vast majority of the
International Community considers the
settlements illegal under international
law although Israel disputes it and
Israeli Prime Minister Benin netanyahu's
far-right government has promoted the
settlements causing friction with one of
the country's key allies the United
States which is also Tel aviv's biggest
backer in its ongoing war with Hamas now
in February US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin said Washington deemed
West Bank settlements inconsistent with
international law reverting to a US
position that had been overturned by the
administration of former president
Donald Trump blink's statement came
after us sanctioned four Israeli
settlers in the start of February then
apart from America France too announced
sanctions against 28 Israeli settlers
whom it accused of committing human
rights abuses against Palestinian
civilians the United Kingdom also joined
the list and announced sanctions on four
Israeli settlers 2023 was an exception
in terms of promoting construction plans
in the West Bank over 12,000 housing
units were approved or advanced in the
planning phase last
year an Israeli non-governmental
organization estimates that this is the
highest number since the signing of the
oso
gods
[Music]