it has been 10 days since hamas's
unprecedented attack on Israel which
snowballed into what Israeli forces have
called a quote unquote total Siege of
Gaza as Palestinians in the coastal
strip continue to crumble under Israel's
Relentless Air Raids the United Nations
has warned that Gaza is being strangled
at least
2,700 have died in Gaza and the death
tool continues to rise Israel is
claiming that 199 people are held
hostage by Hamas in Gaza
a fresh round of air strikes have
pounded Rafa Crossing at Gaza Egypt
border this comes on the heels of
Egypt's authorities blaming Israel for
not making its position clear on opening
the Rafa Crossing for allowing people to
flee the region Israel's vow to end
Hamas has come at a huge humanitarian
cost and diplomatic efforts to address
the crisis is intensifying the latest
announcement from Israel security forces
the IDF has revealed that they have
killed hamas's Regional head of
intelligence the development comes in
the backdrop of IDF carrying out a
barage of air strikes on tunnels used by
the militant group in Gaza meanwhile the
Israeli Defense Forces has blamed Iran
for Sid tring its War efforts in
southern Gaza by instructing Hezbollah
to attack the Border it shares with
Lebanon
and response Iran has denied these
accusations by pting the gun at the
United States saying that America should
be held accountable for Israel
Palestinian
conflict
while on the ground the fate of Aid
deliveries and evacuation of over 2
million Palestinians in Gaza h in the
balance United Nations Aid Chief is
heading to West Asia to negotiate
humanitarian Aid being allowed inside
Gaza ahead of his visit the United
Nations said they were in deep
negotiations with both sides the UN
Palestinian refugee agency unra or
unrwa has said its Aid workers will no
longer be able to continue humanitarian
operations in the Gaza Strip unless new
supplies are allowed into The Enclave
the conflict so far has claimed at least
4,000 lives and continues to mount as
time progresses who says 60% of
casualties in Gaza have been women or
children at the moment Rescuers say that
over a thousand bodies remain trapped
under
debris weon is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the
move what