when over 700 Palestinians have been
killed in the last 48 hours
including 140 child and they have been
experiencing them every single day for
decades that this weekend the world woke
up to the explosions and attacks on
Israeli population centers attacks that
have swn terror destruction and the mass
loss of human lives in my personal
capacity as a chair of the first
committee I unequivocally in strongest
terms condemn the terror attacks by the
Hamas across Israel and express my
sincere condolences to the families of
the victims is neither acceptable nor
appropriate especially from that Podium
to convey condolences to Israeli
families while ignoring Palestinian
families when over 700 Palestinians have
been killed in the last 48 hours
including 140
child one has to wonder why some feel
Palestinian families are not worthy of
their
condolences don't Palestinians feel
pain
loss
suffering I assure you
do and they have been experiencing them
every single day for decades of force
dispossession
displacement and of a brutal and
Colonial occupation that affects every
aspect of their
lives Mr chair you also chose to read
the statement of the Secretary General
from two days ago prior to the most
recent assault against the Palestinian
people in the Gaza Strip in instead of
his remarks
today which addressed the Palestinians
killed the need to respect International
humanitarian law the terrible
humanitarian situation in Gaza and the
necessity to allow access for
humanitarian
Aid the need to end occupation and
Achieve peace in line with un
resolutions and international
law I trust that following my statement
you will Rectify your statement and
acknowledge our humanity and the
sanctity of the lives of Palestinian
civilians like all civilians they are
not less
deserving this is not a time for
Selective Humanity this is not a time
for double standards this is a time for
putting an end to the Bloodshed a time
to uphold international law and Humanity
for the benefit of all a time to
mobilize against oppression and
occupation and a time to mobilize for
peace took note very very seriously what
what you've been said and I would also
would like to assure you that my
statement was and condolences were also
addressed to the innocent victims of
Palestine as
[Music]
well