diplomatic efforts are underway to try
to limit the humanitarian crisis plus
avoid this expanding into a wider
conflict in the region and late today it
was announced the American President Joe
Biden will travel to the region and is
expected to meet with Israel's prime
minister Jackson Prasco is with me from
Washington Jackson tell us the
significance of this
trip well Donna this gives you a sense
of the role that the Americans are
playing in all this the announcement
about President Biden's visit on
Wednesday came after a marathon 7 and a
half hour long session between US
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin and
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu and it was at the end of that
that we heard the announcement that
Biden will travel to the region on
Wednesday on the agenda is that Biden
will hear personally from the Israelis
what their plan is what their objectives
are for the ground invasion of Gaza as
well as what their plan is for
minimizing civilian casualties the US
also says it has Israeli agreement to
try and open up some sort of
humanitarian Corridor try try and make
sure that aid from other governments and
NOS makes it inside of Gaza although the
specifics still have to be announced
there one thing to keep in mind here is
that the visit of a president of course
is a huge security and logistical
problem it could potentially delay The
Invasion uh if one does take place in
Gaza it seems unlikely that would start
while Biden is on the ground the other
thing to keep in mind here Donna is that
this comes as part of a broader us
increase in posture in the region a
second aircraft carrier is on the way to
the Eastern Mediterranean and there are
reports that as many as 2,000 Marines
are also being stationed offshore as a
potential rapid reaction force should
they be needed at some point Donna many
developments and more specifics to come
out in the days ahead but certainly a
major announcement tonight about the
president's looming visit lots of moving
Parts Jackson prco in Washington thank
you