a fresh poster of 19-year-old Muhammad
Salia shot down in his youth his face
joins the scores of posters of those
previously killed in Israeli raids all a
reminder of the grief and violence the
people of this Camp have suffered for
decades anytime the Israeli Army storms
any Palestinian area deaths follow we
are talking about Jas and the bleeding
continues and the deaths continue
because the isra government gave the
green light to the Army to kill young
people who reject the
occupation alari was raided during the
early hours of Wednesday morning
Muhammad was on the outskirts of the
camp as the Army began to withdraw it
was there he was shot in the head a
somber atmosphere here in alamari
refugee camp the body of Muhammad Sal
currently inside the mosque where
they're holding prayers he's also been
carried by his friends and family to his
mother 's house where she's got to say a
final goodbye and then he'll be buried
inside the cemetery in alir Muhammad was
born a refugee the camp was built in
1949 after Israel was established and
more than 700,000 Palestinians were
expelled from their homes it wasn't the
only camp that suffered from a night of
violence during Israeli raids nor
Champ's refugee camp in toam was the
worst hit four Palestinians killed two
in an Israeli air strike and two by live
bullets Israeli forces tore up the
streets and destroyed infrastructure
with armored bulldozers and before
midnight in Janine an Israeli air strike
targeted a car killing three
Palestinians Two fighters from the
Janine
Battalion more funerals held an all too
familiar sight in this city anger turned
towards the Palestinian Authority that
was holding what the people call
political
prisoners in the chaos that followed
Security Forces shot towards the crowds
injuring dozens of
people back in albera Muhammad's friends
and family march with his body to his
final resting place now it's time to say
goodbye but they are all too aware that
the waves of violence will
continue loran aljer albera occupied
West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer