[Music]
back in the arms of her grandmother
private URI magad freed by Israeli
troops in a ground
operation it is though a pendulum of
torment and it swung again with a video
released by Hamas showing three hostages
one taking aim at Israel's prime
minister he called it cruel
propaganda F Sheree a friend of Elena
trip of it is tempered relief so she
didn't speak um she was on the the right
side um you can tell that she's sad
which is to be expected but she looks
healthy so we're we're
hopeful there are the mechanics of war
and diplomacy but here it's Souls they
once celebrated they are beloved
grandmother fathers sisters and
childrens real people with beating
Hearts waiting to be free some are
waiting for accountability do you think
benan Netanyahu Bears some
responsibility no doubt no doubt there
are many people in his government that
for them peace is not first priority
this square is home to Hope and despair
faith and frustration it is evidence 3
weeks on of the Nuance that still exists
but is perhaps increasingly being lost
in the fault lines of
Fury the leadership also needs to try
and stop any conflict erupting
internally how much responsibility do
you think the Prime Minister needs to
personally accept for the lapse in
security that led to the October the 7th
attacks and do you acknowledge that the
threat from Hamas was downplayed
everybody's going to ask a lot of
questions I have a lot of questions
myself and everybody's going to have to
give a lot of answers but I think to
actually have that conversation now is
not going to help us prosecute the
war as they strategize shaie Luke's
family Mourns paraded semi naked on the
back of a truck now confirmed dead by
the discovery of her skull the awful
fate of one captive and a government
Under Pressure to rescue many more