the Palestinian Authority and Israeli
government have pledged to take action
to reduce the surge in violence
following a meeting convened by Jordan
with the participation of the U.S and
Egypt however while talks were on a
Palestinian gunman shot two Israeli
Brothers multiple times while they were
stuck in traffic in the West Bank in the
village of havara following that attack
a group of Israelis who live in nearby
settlements entered the village and
began throwing stones setting trees and
cars on fire will the post-jordan
meeting pledge hold or has it already
gone up in Flames our correspondent Jody
Kohan sent us this report
it was a rare meeting between the two
sides following the deadliest period for
both in several years
with the upcoming Muslim holy month of
Ramadan and the Jewish Festival of
Passover when many Muslims and Jews make
a pilgrimage to the Temple Mount Al-Aqsa
compound there is potential for further
unrest
following the meeting the two sides
declared their willingness to end
unilateral measures for a period of
three to six months observers are
interpreting this as the Palestinians
not taking further steps towards
recognition and against Israel at the UN
and Israel pausing both construction of
new settlements and authorization of new
settlement outposts
however Gaza ruling Hamas condemned what
they termed as worthless talks and the
Palestinian Authority for its
participation
and Israel's Ultra nationalist Finance
Minister bezel smotridge asserted that
settlement developments won't pause
I'm at Alpha Menasha and behind me you
can see the Wits of Israel and the start
of the Palestinian communities it's a
tiny piece of land that's claimed by
both people and this explains the
geography of the tensions on the plus
side these were the first talks in many
years between Israel and the PA both
sides affirmed their commitment to work
towards a just and Lasting peace while
peace is the long-term goal the
short-term priority is to prevent
further violence and the five parties
said that another round of talks would
be held in Egypt next month this is Jody
Cohen for weon world as one
[Music]