the poll that we released this week
showed that 75% of Muslims said that um
the British politicians line on Israel
and Gaza and Palestine will be important
to how they choose to vote um at the
next election but I have to be honest
this doesn't have to be contentious uh I
don't know at this point in this
conflict in this catastrophe how our
party cannot call for an immediate
ceasefire we have over a million people
in Raa every humanitarian agency is now
saying this is going to be an utter
catastrophe I mean we've got pictures
it's been reported by BBC a young girl
hind 6 years old who who was who was
killed and the EMTs who were going after
her were killed on her own begging for
help on the phone I mean often we look
back at history and go what would we
have done if we'd been living through
the cold war or other things if this is
not the moment to call for a ceasefire
when is so how critical an issue is this
do you think for Labor's Muslim support
this is it this is it I think we we have
shown the significant decline in Labor's
support from a community that
historically has been amongst the most
loyal supporters of Labor if they see
the labor party not supporting a
ceasefire now I think what they will see
is their own children's lives not being
supported our Humanity not being looked
at and they'll think what why should we
support labor but you know we know that
an immediate ceasefire leaves Hamas to
attack Israel again and they have stated
that they will attack Israel again so
what's the answer from Muslim voters to
that look the answer is first of all the
hostages which we haven't spoken about
have to absolutely be released and we we
we have said that continuously um nobody
wants to see the the atrocities that we
saw um on October 7th happen ever again
of course but the answer is absolutely
not to unleash a human catastrophe on 1
and a half million people innocent
people