Israeli Prime Minister Benin nanel has
rejected hamas's proposed 135 day trch
plan insisting total victory in Gaza is
possible within months but US Secretary
State Anthony blinka remains hopeful a
deal can be struck is has
more with ongoing talks of a possible
ceasefire between Israel and Hamas
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu rejected the Palestinian
militant group's proposed ceasefire
terms the rejection comes as Hamas laid
out a series of demands in response to
an Israel backed ceasefire Proposal with
the Israeli leaders saying that the
negotiations with the group were not
going anywhere while describing their
terms as bizarre he added that there's
no other solution but a complete and
final victory in Gaza hinting that the
goal would be possible within months
despite the clear rejection from
Netanyahu US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin who's currently in the Middle
East was still hopeful that a deal can
be reached
what I can tell you about these
discussions is that while there are some
clear non-starters in hamas's
response we do think it creates space
for agreement to be reached and we will
work at that relentlessly until we get
there the comments come after blinkin
met with the Israeli Prime Minister and
discussed hamas's counterproposal to a
ceasefire proposal drawn up by both the
US and Israeli spy Chiefs before being
sent to the militant group last week by
Qatari and Egyptian mediators the top us
Diplomat has been traveling throughout
the Middle East conducting shuttle
diplomacy on his fifth visit to the
region since the Hamas attack on October
7th last year meanwhile amid ongoing
conflicts around the world un Secretary
General Antonio gutterz warned on
Wednesday that the world has entered an
age of chaos that is causing a multitude
of suffering and thwarting progress the
UN Chief pointed to conflicts in Gaza
Ukraine and Sudan but also the
protracted situations in Myanmar Yemen
Haiti and across Africa Sahel region
Karas also slammed the UN Security
Council for contributing to the chaos
adding while it's not the first time
that the council has been divided it is
the
worst
news