Hezbollah says it has lost more than 200
men among them field commanders since
the start of confrontations with Israel
it's been 5 months since the Lebanese
armed group opened a second front to
help relief pressure on its Ally Hamas
in Gaza International efforts are now
underway to reach a ceasefire in Gaza
Hezbollah says it will stop firing and
adhere to any ceasefire that's agreed on
condition Israel does the same but that
may not happen it is it do not
necessarily happen that when you have a
ceasefire in Gaza it just automatically
extends that is why we're here today to
be able to have a conversation and
discussion on what the kind of
arrangements that could be reached here
in Lebanon it is not an automatic us
Envoy Amos hon is in Beirut to continue
diplomatic efforts involving
Arrangements that would allow residents
on both sides of the Border to return
the US has been trying to prevent the
near daily confrontations between Israel
and Hezbollah from expanding but
Hezbollah says Western envoys have only
one goal and that is to ensure Israel's
security it has said it will not discuss
security arrangements for southern
Lebanon until there's a permanent
ceasefire in Gaza foreign envoys come to
Lebanon to discuss Israeli threats no
one talks about stopping the aggression
on Gaza what they say is the aggression
in Gaza will continue we have said this
clearly in the past those who want to
mediate must mediate an end to the
aggression but Israel recently stepped
up its air campaign and has linked the
cessation of hostilities to hezbollah's
withdrawal from the border area and the
redeployment of the Lebanese Army with
increased numbers and
Effectiveness us Envoy Amos hoson warned
what he called The Limited war between
Israel and Hezbollah is not containable
he also said a new security Paradigm is
needed along the border between Lebanon
and Israel in other words Israel will
not agree to return to the situation
before October 7th that means new
security arrangements and Lebanon has
now been informed through the United
States of what is needed for quiet to
return to the Border zanah aljaz
Beirut make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer