now Israel's military pounded the
Palestinian Enclave of Gaza on Sunday
killed hundreds of people a day after
surprise attack by Hamas militants left
some 700 Israelis dead the worst attack
on Israeli soil in decades nearly 18,000
Indian citizens are reportedly stuck in
Israel and Major World Airlines canceled
dozens of flights to Tel Aviv this
weekend an Indian woman working as a
caregiver in the Israeli city of ashalon
was hurt in a rocket attack by Hamas
Indian Union minister Lei stated the
prime minister's office is monitoring
the situation when asked about the
efforts to bring Indians back she said
I'm quoting her we're on the
job prime minister's office is directly
supervising the situation and we are on
the job even in the past many students
uh including people from Andra Pradesh
were stuck uh across so whether it was
Operation Ganga or V Bharat we brought
everyone back and I'm sure government of
India and prime minister office is
directly in touch with those people and
is uh working um uh and monitoring the
situation now the Indian Embassy at Tel
Aviv and the representative of office of
India and Palestine on Saturday issued
advisories asking Indian Nationals to
remain Vigilant and directly contact the
office in case of emergency now as
mentioned earlier major Airlines
canceled dozens of flights to T Aviv
this weekend after the Palestinian
militant group Hamas launched a surprise
attack Air India is reportedly suspended
the flights operating to and from Tel
Aviv the economic Hub of Israel till at
least the 14th of October American
Airlines Air France Lanza Emirates and
Ryan a are among those pulling flights
to Tel aviv's benaron airport other
airlines suspending flights include
Asian Swiss Austrian Airlines whz air
and Air Canada
Theon is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move