there are efforts being made by the
United States Joe Biden is visiting
Israel it's a high-profile visit then
there is Anthony blinkin in the region
holding talks uh there are efforts being
made by the United Kingdom as well my
first question would be can there be a
diplomatic solution to this ongoing
war no I don't think so um I think that
humanitarian aspects of the war like uh
uh releasing the the host the Israeli
hostages that were kidnapped civilians
out of Israel into Gaza for that can be
a solution but when it comes to Hamas
Isis Terror organization there is no
solution with them the only solution to
make sure that they cannot execute
against horrific barbaric attacks like
they did last Saturday is get going
after them and killing them we don't see
any other solution diplomatic would not
uh we we would not risk having the same
attack occur again on Israel how do you
plan to deal with the hostage situation
since you spoke about it hosted
situation is a new situation we never
knew before
ER it will be a challenge but because
especially due to the fact that Kamas in
the past were not hesitant to use their
own population as uh human Shields they
do it all the time still do they prevent
their people from uh going when Israel
Defense Forces ordered the this
population to go south away from the
fighting Zone in order not to harm them
Kamas blocked them and prevented them
and did roope blocks and threatening
them in order to prevent them from going
there so uh you know it's clear that
they will use the Israeli hostages in
every psychological warfare way
including they threatened already and I
would cannot exclude even executions and
stuff like that but uh you know we have
now what happened last Saturday was
something that never happened before we
never believed that people can be so
barbaric and
,400 people were butchered killed in
their homes children
baby women ER
elderly uh rape beheading what we knew
from Isis happened here and uh our main
concern is to make sure that this cannot
happen again