the tension in West Asia is escalating
it's nearly 3
weeks since the war between Israel and
the militant group Hamas began but if
the situation in the region escalates
even further the Biden Administration is
preparing for the possibility to
evacuate hundreds of thousands of
American citizens from West Asia
according to officials familiar with the
US government's contingency planning if
the Bloodshed in Gaza cannot be
contained thousands of American citizens
will require evacuation from West Asia
the officials speaking on the condition
of anonymity said Americans living in
Israel and neighboring Lebanon are of
particular concern though they stressed
that an evacuation of that magnitude is
considered a worst case scenario and
other outcomes are seen as more likely
according to State Department
estimates there are about 600,000 US
citizens in Israel and another
86,000 beli to be in Lebanon
the Spectre of such an operation comes
as Israeli forces aided by Us weapons
and Military advisers prepare for what
is widely expected to be a dangerous
Grant offensive against Hamas militants
until Israel launches its ground
offensive continuing Israeli air strikes
on Gaza have destroyed most of our
neighborhood officials from the Hamas
ran Health Ministry say the overall
death troll has risen to more than 5,700
people more than half of those killed
are women and children according to the
United Nations about 1.4 million gazin
have been displaced with more than half
a million people in 147 United Nation
shelters according to the United Nations
more than 400,000 Palestinians are now
categorized as internally displaced
person hundreds of thousands have parked
into United Nations Sheltering
facilities
which are severely overcrowded Israel is
bombarding not only Northern Gaza but
Southern Gaza including the border
crossing city of Rafa Israel's military
has even told gazans to move southwards
otherwise they could be identified as
sympathizers with a terrorist
organization if they stayed put but even
if these people moved southwards many
families who left Gaza to the South
say they have lost relatives during the
Israeli air strik in southern Gaza
although Israel says it did not Target
civilians weon is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the
move