the uh explosion in the hospital car
park that has caused such anger around
the world looked pretty bad last night
in the sense that it was full of flame
lots of fire and that was all very
dramatic in the cold light of day it
doesn't look quite uh the same and these
pictures are from these ra Defense
Forces but there's no reason to
disbelieve these pictures the crater is
quite small uh lot smaller than you
might expect the cars that have been
blown up uh by the missile are there but
all of the other cars have burned out
they've not been thrown around uh
they've not been displaced most of them
are still in their parking spaces the
windows in the buildings are still in
around there's not a lot of evidence of
great shrapnel damage elsewhere so this
explosion um clearly was extremely
serious how it's killed over 400 people
I strain to see to be honest if these
people were somehow camped out in the
car park it would have been very deadly
but perhaps not as deadly as we are
being told by hammers meanwhile the
Israelis have got a very strong
circumstantial case which they're
putting to the world most independent
analysts are inclined to believe it but
Hamas clearly don't and Hamas will at
some point I imagine produce their
version of the evidence and we'll see
where that takes us meanwhile uh in the
region more generally Israel is
suffering now the danger given the
explosions that you've been reporting on
of maybe a three front War One in Gaza
one in in in Lebanon South Lebanon with
Hezbollah and one on the West Bank in a
third in and in the more General uh
context you think about the region as a
whole what the Americans are trying to
do is to keep Jordan and Egypt involved
keep them in the process because they're
very important to keep Iran and Syria
and Iraq out of the process and to draw
into the process uh States like Qatar
and the United Arab Emirates and Saudi
Arabia who've got the pull in different
parts of the Arab world and the money to
make something work in a new uh state of
Gaza for the Palestinians but there are
a lot of moving Parts this crisis is
spinning out of control control if
anyone can draw these moving Parts
together it has to be the United States
we'll see if they can do it but that's
why Biden was in the region today