and welcome you're watching this is
exclusive with me shansen ladies and
gentlemen hamas's brutal inhuman attack
on Israel last week took the World by
surprise but what we have seen over the
last few days is growing support for
Israel but the question is how exactly
should Israel take this forward and is
this fight only for Israel or it's for
those who have
been in this fight against terrorism
joining us
on this special broadcast is Israeli
ambassador to India now gillon
Ambassador gillon thank you very much
for speaking to Republic TV let me first
uh Begin by saying our deepest
condolences from everyone here at
Republic media Network to all the
families in Israel who've lost their
loved ones and at this moment as our
prime minister has been saying we stand
with each and everyone in Israel so
thank you very much ambassador for
taking out the time let me Begin by
asking you it's been a little over a
week now we've seen retaliatory strikes
taking place prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has already indicated that
this is a war that will be ended by
Israel Hamas will be wiped out of the
face of Earth give us a sense of what's
really happening on the ground because
many say that the decisive phase of this
war is yet to
begin
thank you shavan for having
me um I think that the big campaign
after the great shock as you mentioned
that we have suffered in a barbaran
barbarian inhumane attack of is Isis
style of of of
Kamas ER I think we recuperated I think
from the initial shock because we never
thought that something like that can
happen now we are gathering our forces
and preparing for execution of the
orders of the Prime Minister which are
especially on two directions one as you
said is to eradicate the capability of
Hamas from executing such an attack
again and the other one are of course
the hostages that their numbers are
roaming Beyond 2,000 we have 200 we have
their uh young babies children
women men elderly so the youngest I
believe is like 9 months old and the
oldest is CLO lady close to
90 ER these are the two orders uh we are
preparing the attack from by air uh
activity and attacks but then ground
operation will join soon I believe