it was one of the few remaining un food
centers in the Gaza Strip the UN Agency
for Palestinian refugees says the
Israeli military targeted its Aid
Warehouse in Rafa killing one of its
staff and several
others it's an unra center it's meant to
be safe some came to work to distribute
Aid to the people in need of food during
the holy month of Ramadan suddenly they
were struck by
missiles people on the ground are eager
to show the aid supplies that were
stored at the
facility come and see for yourself
what's happening
look the UN agency has been accused by
Israeli officials of shielding if not
helping Hamas and a number of nations
including the US have pulled their
funding from the agency the UN has
launched an independent investigation
into the
allegations over at Rafa al- Nar
Hospital relatives have gathered to
mourn their loved ones while doctors
rush to treat the wounded US Secretary
of State Anthony blinkin says the
Israeli Army is investigating the
incident the Israeli military the
Israeli government have a responsibility
and obligation to do everything possible
to ensure that the humanitarians can do
their jobs and among other things that
means making sure that if there's a
humanitarian facility that's clearly
identified it's not struck in a
statement following the strike unra has
detailed the attacks it suffered so far
165 team members killed 150 facilities
hits and more than 400 killed while
seeking shelter under the UN flag this
latest attack comes as the threat of
famine looms over the strip a ship
carrying almost 200 tons of Aid is on
its way to Gaza from Cyprus with hopes
the new Maritime Corridor will mean more
food can be delivered to gazans as
Israeli checks have slowed the flow of
trucks from Egypt