[Music]
hi everybody Welcome to the program
catastrophic is how the UN describes the
food crisis in the Gaza Strip officials
are pressuring Israel to provide more
access for food trucks Israel on the
other hand says more than enough food is
getting into Gaza the problem the UN and
Hamas aren't Distributing the aid to
those in need Chris Mitchell reports
from
Jerusalem un officials say not enough
food is getting in to the more than 2
million gazin we have enough food to
feed the entire population of Gaza that
food at the moment is outside the Gaza
Strip we need land Crossings we need
access to get it into Gaza whether in
the southern parts of the Gaza or the
northern part of part of Gaza because
the situation is catastrophic however
Israel says record amounts of
humanitarian Aid are getting into Gaza
the equivalent of three pounds of food
per person per day there are no limits
on incoming Aid and in fact there is
excess capacity
at the Israeli Crossings both kamam
Shalom where Goods enter Gaza directly
and nitsana and the best evidence of
that access capacity is that last week
we hit a record
277 Aid trucks a day with
255 entering yesterday Levy says the
problem is distribution inside Gaza and
the UN relying on Hamas for protection
the UN is struggling to distribute Aid
at the pace that Israel is letting it in
and the reason is that the UN relies on
onra which is a Hamas front that is why
Aid is piling up undistributed on the
gazan side of the crossing observers on
the group posting this video said to
show Hamas commandeering Aid trucks
entering Gaza meanwhile hooti attacks on
Red Sea and Gulf of Aiden shipping
intensifying as a missile strike on a
ship killed two crew members this just
days after an attack resulted in the
sinking of a commercial ship and on
Capitol Hill hostage family members met
with lawmakers to plead for the release
of their loved ones from Hamas captivity
we
call on our
president and all the parties
involved to do whatever they can bring
our loved ones back home I hope to
believe
that my fellow US
citizens remember the fact that they are
eight us hostages hopes for a deal to
free the remaining hostages are fading
since Hamas is refusing terms agreed to
by the US and Israel Chris Mitchell CBN
News Jerusalem