for centuries Gaza was a strategic Hub
lying at a Crossroads of ancient trading
routes but the impoverished Enclave as
we know it today began to take shape in
the aftermath of the second world war
tens of thousands of Palestinians
fleeing Jewish militias fighting to
create the state of Israel took refuge
in the coastal strip it was ruled
directly by Egypt for two decades until
it was captured by Israel in the 1967
Middle East War drastically altering the
regional landscape Israeli troops
occupied the territory to guard a
growing number of of settlements
tensions were on the
rise things finally came to a head in
1987 with the First Palestinian Uprising
that led to the creation of both Hamas
and Islamic Jihad in Gaza militant
groups which aimed to destroy the state
of Israel throughout the 1990s both
groups tried to derail the peace process
by carrying out waves of suicide attacks
and
bombings Israeli Palestinian ties sunk
to a new law in 2000 with the second
Palestinian uis ing for much of the past
20 years the coastal Enclave has been
locked in a cycle of war and
poverty by 2005 when Israel evacuated
its troops and settlements Gaza had more
or less been fenced
off two years later gazans found
themselves completely cut off from the
outside world after Hamas violently
ceased control of the
territory International Aid dried up
Israeli attacks crippled infrastructure
causing widespread blackouts and
worsening gaza's economic misery both
Israel and Egypt which controls gaza's
Southern border tightened restrictions
on the movement of people and goods
through Crossings conflict has made it
almost impossible for Gaza to even begin
the work of rebuilding its shattered
economy one of the biggest outbreaks of
warfare happened in 2014 when Israel
launched a ground Invasion to stop Hamas
firing Rockets from the Gaza Strip more
than 2,000 Palestinians were killed the
majority of them
civilians now almost a decade later
Israel is poised to invade again and
many of gaza's civilians have nowhere to
flee