has been intensifying its we raids and
air strikes on Hamas Terror groups as
the visuals that we put up on your
screens tell you multiple Tales of
Horror Stories from detecting and
destroying Terror launchpads to
eliminating Hamas operatives that seem
to be hidden in residential buildings
Israel's counter offensive has escalated
and
how well even when it comes to Israel's
Army that is said to be one of the most
advanced forces in the world and as part
of operation iron swads Israel has
released drones and uavs across Gaza
Strip in a bit to identify the
launchpads over the last 24 hours itself
hav has now intensified rocket launches
at Israel and in retaliation Israel has
identified those launchpads and have
also bombed them as Hamas continues to
bombard Israel with anti-tank missiles
panic in chaos has been witnessed on the
streets of Tel Aviv the video that has
gone viral shows how kids and the
elderly are running to take cover inside
a commercial building as Hamas Rockets
continue to P Israel's former capital
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
city
[Music]
[Music]
spe
[Applause]
[Music]
meanwhile the Israel Defense Forces have
launched a series of Search and Destroy
operations on the operatives that are
said to be H up in residential buildings
many Terror DS have also been
obliterated by the Israeli Defense
Forces and also Israeli Jets have
identified such Terror dents and has
anihilated them in those Air Raids as
those pictures that have been coming
across there has been another barbaric
video that has been caught on camera and
this video is from the music festival
where many of those who were attending
this Festival who were seen hiding in
Mobile bathrooms to save themselves from
those brutal barbarians Hamas terrorists
who were seen firing indiscriminately at
them take a look at this
video
[Music]
[Music]
well pradep is joined