now Rising Israel Hamas tensions in West
Asia are playing out on the maritime
front the war in Gaza has spilled over
into the Red Sea with the houthis
attacking commercial vessels in the
globally critical waterway in the latest
attack in the commercially vital
Waterway Yemen's houis have fired three
missiles at two merchant ships in the
Red Sea it came after the rebel group
vowed to keep up their attacks now
despite repeated and British strikes
against them that
is a clash occurred today between a
number of American destroyers and
warships in the Gulf of Aiden and babal
mandab while they were protecting two
american commercial ships the result of
the Clash was as follows a direct hit on
an American vessel forcing the two
American Commercial vessels to withdraw
and return and several of our ballistic
missiles struck their targets despite
warships attempt to intercept
them although earlier in the day the US
said that one missile launched by the
houis had missed its Target while the
other two were shot down by an American
Navy destroyer further adding that no
injuries or damage to the ship have been
recorded Danish shipping giant musk also
added that after hearing explosions in
the Red Sea two ships belonging to a US
subsidiary who were transiting through
the bab al- mandb straet and were Bound
for the Red Sea have turned back the two
cargo vessels were escorted back to
safety by the US Navy and with the
rising escalation Yen huti Rebels have
ordered all us and British staff of the
United Nations to leave the country
within a month the authorities in the
houi controlled capital of saana meet
this announcement after us and UK struck
in underground houi storage site in
[Music]
Yemen