Muhammad faak was shot dead while out
for a night with
friends we have an area in the village
called the water Springs area where
young people go and sit at night they
were surprised last night by the
settlers who opened fire on them
resulting in the martyrdom of my nephew
it happened near ramala in the occupied
West Bank Israeli settler attacks have
increased alongside the Army Crackdown
across the territory since the October 7
Hamas
Palestinians and Arab leaders say it's
being used as an excuse to grab more
land while our eyes have been trained on
Gaza the occupied West bank has not been
spared from violence either Israeli
settlers are escalating their attacks
against Palestinian civilians and
forcing their
displacement these attacks must be
prevented by the state of Israel across
the region there have been several
credible warnings of a wider
escalation the drums of War are beating
Israeli settlements have been increasing
in the occupied West Bank under prime
minister Benyamin Netanyahu Hardline
government their expansion is illegal
under international law but Israel has
evaded sanctions despite repeated
violation we urge Israeli authorities to
ensure that Israeli Security Forces
refrain from the use of live ammunition
except as a last resort to address an IM
threat to life or Serious injury and we
urge them to take immediate steps to end
settler violence against Palestinians
and to ensure the protection of the
Palestinian
population the official support has
emboldened the settlers although some
Israeli leaders insist that only Israeli
security Personnel are authorized to use
Force there is no private body in any
way authorized to use force and the use
of violence is a domain of the IDF
shabbach mosad the Israeli police and
them alone any action that violates this
is unacceptable and should disturb us
greatly Israeli cabinet members have
openly encouraged the violence national
security minister itar benir announced
that his ministry was purchasing 10,000
rifles in order to arm Israeli civilians
primarily in the West Bank it scared the
Palestinians many of whom are now
abandoning their ancestral homes to save
their lives fatan alwan ramala occupied
West Bank trt
[Music]
world