let's move on now after Canada Sweden
has now announced that it will resume
funding to unra the development comes
weeks after 16 countries including the
US paed funds to the United Nations
agency after Israel Accused at least 12
of its staffers of being involved in the
October 7th Hamas attack Sweden will
give unoa half of the $38 million
funding it promised for this year with
more to come and in return has called
for more checks on spending of funds
as well as its
staffers the country's reversal came as
a ship bearing tons of humanitarian Aid
Was preparing to leave Cyprus for Gaza
International daers have launched a sea
Corridor to supply Aid to besieged Gaza
Sweden's funding decision followed
similar ones by the European Union and
Canada as unra warned that if it is left
without funding it will give it will
leave Gaza with even less medical and
other assistance on the eve of Ramadan
Hungary gazan residents scrambled for
packages of Food Supplies dropped by us
and Jordanian military planes
humanitarian groups called the delivery
deeply inadequate compared to Grand
deliveries but the daily number of eight
trucks entering Gaza since the war has
been far below the 500 that entered
before October 7th because of Israeli
restrictions and security
issues the United Nations has launched
investigations and unra has been
agreeing to outside audits to win back
Donna support on the other hand the
Israeli foreign Ministry said in a
statement that the return of funding to
unra will not change the fact that the
organization is part of the problem and
will not be part of the solution in the
Gaza
trip for all the latest news download
the weon app And subscribe to our
YouTube channel