war between Israel and Hamas and the
killing of a top Hamas leader and an
explosion in Beirut Lebanon this comes
amid growing concerns of a wider
conflict in the region Marcus Moore is
tracking the very latest for us from Tel
Aviv good morning
Marcus well Lindsay good morning people
across this region are bracing for
retaliation from Hezbollah and Hamas
over this strike that's been widely
blamed on Israel Israel has not admitted
any involvement in it but if it's
confirmed it would Mark the first time
they've carried out a strike in Beirut
since 2006
six this morning images circulating
online show the powerful explosion that
lit up the night sky in southern Beirut
Lebanese officials saying it was an
Israeli strike targeting salak alarri
the deputy commander of Hamas and a
high-ranking leader of the West Bank the
attack killing at least six people in
all but Israel still not confirming
whether or not they were behind the
killing of that top Hamas leader Israel
has not taken responsibility and whoever
did this it's not an attack on the
Lebanese State it's not an attack on
theah terrorist organization whoever did
this it's an attack on Kamas that's very
clear for weeks Israeli soldiers and
Hezbollah Fighters have been locked in a
constant battle along the Lebanon border
following the October 7th Terror attacks
by Hamas and the Israel Hamas war in
Gaza but even before that prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu threatened to kill
aruri accusing him of planning attacks
in the West Bank in a statement
overnight Hezbollah threatening
retribution saying quote this crime will
never pass without response and
Punishment when we look at hezbollah's
capabilities uh they have in their
Arsenal includes more than 100,000
guided missiles uh we could learn in
just a few hours more about a potential
response that's when hezbollah's leader
Hassan nasrala is expected to deliver a
previously scheduled speech to his
followers in Lebanon George and
situation okay Marcus thanks very much
hi everyone George Stephanopoulos here
thanks for checking out the ABC News
YouTube channel if you'd like to get
more videos show highlights and watch
live event coverage click on the right
over here to subscribe to our Channel
and don't forget to download the ABC
News app for breaking news alerts thanks
for
watching