after a week-long truce between Israel
and Hamas collapsed here are the top
developments from the conflict so far
Israeli strikes on houses and buildings
have killed at least 178 people
throughout the Gaza Strip in the first
hours of fighting after a weekl long TRS
collapsed on Friday according to gaza's
health Ministry Israel said it struck
more than 200 Hamas targets after urging
Israel to do more to protect civilians
US Secretary of State Anthony blinkin
Held Hamas responsible for the broken
temporary ceasefire which expired on
November 29th he then went on to blaming
Hamas for ending the truce referring to
an incident where two alleged Hamas
gunmen killed three people at a
Jerusalem bus stop on 30th November
Israeli air strikes hit several points
on the outskirts of damasus on early
Saturday Syrian State media reported
that the strikes resulted in only
material losses Israel has struck
Targets in Syria several times since the
onset of the Hamas Israel war on October
the Israeli military publicly blamed
Hamas for the end of the temporary truce
claiming they had violated the truth by
firing Rockets along with its failure to
release all women that it held hostage
in the hour before the truce was set to
end at 7:00 a.m. Israel said it
intercepted a rocket fired from Gaza on
on the other hand Hamas laid the blame
on Israel accusing the country of
rejecting the terms it had put forward
to releasing more hostages and extending
the ceasefire ceasefire mediator Qatar
said efforts are ongoing to renew the
troops which saw Israel paused most
military activity in Gaza and released
300 Palestinian prisoners in exchange
for the militants freeing over 100
hostages held in Gaza for more updates
like these please follow the Indian
Express on YouTu
as we dive deep into the various issues
emerging from the Israel Hamas
War