as fuel medical supplies food and water
grow ever scarcer in Gaza those in The
Enclave are facing a humanitarian crisis
that the UN population fund says has
reached catastrophic
proportions among them are an estimated
50,000 pregnant women many have been
displaced and are living in dire
conditions many of them huddled in
unhygienic overcrowded displaced
shelters many of those shelters are
subject also to the bombardment and
certainly to the harassment and the
difficult circumstances that have been
imposed on them as a result of the
Israeli bombardment there is no clean
water we estimate that over 70% of the
gazan Palestinian population has no
access to clean drinking water according
to the unfpa around 180 women are giving
birth in Gaza every day but with
hospitals in The Enclave no longer
functioning or overwhelmed with
casualties and lacking supplies many are
cut off from safe delivery services
their children's lives are also at risk
over the last week eight babies died at
alifa amid lack of electricity for
generators and
medication many of the hospitals that
are supposed to be a place of protection
Refuge care for the ill the sick the
injured and certainly for any woman
seeking Health Care they have been
turned into a death trap amid Israel's
bombardment of The Enclave following the
October the 7th Hamas attacks the
organization says it has had difficulty
even finding many of the women in need
of Medical Aid a ceasefire it says is
the only way it will be able to reach
those who are most
vulnerable we require
unhindered access in a safe environment
that requires 100% ceasefire not a pause
not a corridor a sentiment echoed by
Antonio terish on Sunday the UN
Secretary General called once again for
an immediate humanitarian ceasefire
describing the civilian death toll in
Gaza is staggering and
unacceptable