well the fighting in Gaza now in its
seventh month has overshadowed the
increasingly tense situation further
north Israeli troops have engaged in
Daily exchanges of fire with Hezbollah
militia Fighters across the border in
Lebanon on Thursday the military said
Israeli Jets hit hisbah military Targets
in the areas of ma El jabal Yin and
Kiam
they also targeted a Hezbollah
observation post in the area of marahin
and another compound in alira in
southern Lebanon the Iranian backed
group is thought to have a large arsenal
of missiles it has long been considered
to be one of the most likely forces that
thean could use against Israel but so
far both sides es have held back from a
fullscale
confrontation Israeli troops and war
planes started an operation in central
Gaza which the military said was aimed
at destroying infrastructure of armed
Palestinian groups most Israeli troops
have been pulled out of Gaza in
preparation fore an assault on the
southern Gaza City of Rafa over 1
million Palestinians are Sheltering in
the southern Gaza City but fighting has
continued in various areas of The
Enclave residents and milit said
Fighters have engaged in gun battles
with Israeli forces which attacked the
northern and southern areas of al- nerat
refugee
camp Hamas leader isma Han his group was
still seeking a deal for a ceasefire and
hostage release after an Israeli strike
killed three of his sons in Gaza
speaking in Qatar while receiving
condolences hania said the interests of
the Palestinian people are placed above
everything else he told the news agency
Reuters we are seeking to reach a deal
but the occupation is still
procrastinating and evading a response
to the demands for all the latest news
download the weon app And subscribe to
our YouTube channel