now as the reports of us mulling
sanctions on IDF units was not enough
local media agencies have revealed that
fresh tensions have erupted during a
recent War cabinet session this after
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
accused security minister y of Galan of
security leaks that's right according to
Israeli broadcaster Netanyahu reportedly
hinted at this issue by saying and I'm
quoting here every time I sit in small
meetings with the defense minister the
head of the and the head of the shinb
everything is leaked I know that it's
not the head of mad and not the head of
the shinb so who could it be Galant was
reportedly not present during that
particular meeting but several ministers
and leaders of the security
establishment were in attendance the
Israeli security and Military leadership
have previously voiced concerns about
discussing cabinet related matters out
of fear of leaks now this is not the
first face off between Netanyahu and
Galan earlier this month Netanyahu
claimed that the date for the Rafa
aggression had been set but security
minister UAV Galant later debunked these
statements during a visit to Washington
but this is not the only internal battle
Brewing within the Israeli fold cabinet
ministers Benny Gans and nmar benav are
also at loggerheads the do is accusing
each other of damaging Israeli
security these accusations come in the
wake of a report that the United States
is planning on sanctioning the idf's
Ultra Orthodox nza Yehuda Battalion
speaking with reporters in the knesset
on Sunday afternoon gance a former IDF
chief of staff and a member of prime
minister Benin nany's War cabinet
declared without explicitly naming
benware that ministers who damaged
National Security should not sit in the
cabinet meanwhile national security
minister Ben G in turn insisted that it
was Gans not him who was harming
National Security US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin has spoken to glant and
Gans respectively during both
conversations blinkin spoke about the
urgent need for immediate ceasefire
ensuring the release of hostages and
enhancing humanitarian aid for
Palestinian
civilians for latest news download the
Von app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel