wellam made its war with Hamas Israel's
strongest Ally United States has doubled
down its support for the country the
October 7th Hamas militant attack
resurrected uh has uh resurrected the
relationship between the two leaders
which had seen strain relations for for
some time over issues such as the Israel
judicial reforms and the ever expanding
Jewish settlements but have all the
differences now been set aside though
the US has lent its outright support to
is is there appears to be a shift in
Washington Stone the Biden Netanyahu
relationship is now further being tested
with an expected Israel invasion of Gaza
reports have been indicating that the US
has asked for a delay in the ground
attack in hopes that more hostages could
be released and more Aid could flow into
to Gaza and amidst this Biden has
renewed calls for a two-state
solution he has talked about the path
towards peace that that must follow the
ongoing War he says as the war concludes
there must be independent states for the
Israeli and Palestinian sides and an
integration of the of Israel among its
Arab
neighbors it also means that when this
crisis is over there has to be a vision
of what comes next and in our view it
has to be a two-state solution it means
a concentrated effort for all the
parties Israelis Palestinians Regional
Partners global leaders to put us on a
path toward
peace Biden's rhetoric seems to be
shifting and is now more focused on the
humanitarian Aid and protection of
civilians the US president has already
warned that in Israeli occupation of
Gaza would be a big mistake Biden also
called for an end to the escalating
attacks by Israeli settlers against
Palestinians in the occupied West Bank
an issue which has been raised by the
White House Before the War as well the
crisis in West Asia appears to be a test
of the Biden Administration as well this
as it balances its diplomatic ties and
tries to avoid a humanitarian crisis
while seeking to prevent the conflict
from expanding and from eventually
hurting its interests in the
[Music]
region