behind the Hamas lines you can see these
videos they released of target practice
by kamakazi drones these are drones
armed with bombs which can lock onto a
Target and strike at will Hamas has also
released this video showing barriage of
rockets launched from the Gaza Strip
towards the Israeli cities of Tel aiv
and ashalon last night they rained fire
all through the night with the
relentless rocket strikes in the latest
visuals coming in from Israel you can
see the impact of a rocket strike very
close to the benuron airport the huge
plume of smoke can be seen in this video
listening to some survivors in
Israel uh right near the border um these
are dozens it's yet a number that has
yet to be determined of young people
fighting was very intense in places like
stot and the kibuts the small villages
uh around the border which were
conquered by the uh Hamas and Islam
Palestinian Islamic Jihad
forces Israel has released this footage
saying it hit more than 500 Targets in
the overnight strikes including eight
Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad War
rooms they also targeted several
highrise Stars including Hamas assets
and three Chels in Northern
Gaza
Hamas murdered hundreds of Israelis men
women and
children and took dozens hostage into
Gaza this horrific terror act Demands a
forceful determined and sustained
response which is exactly what we are
doing and continue to
do
now look at these photos these photos
show Israeli paratroopers Brigade troops
including senior officers working to
clear Sedro from any suspected Hamas
terrorist remember over the last two
days terrorists have been infiltrating
into Israel listening to a snippet of
the
operation
SP