israel's domestic spying scandal has
widened a new report has divulged the
illicit use of the powerful spyware
pegasus by the israeli police to hack
the phones of dozens of prominent
figures following the report the israeli
government has now announced plans to
set up a national investigation the
controversial malware virus has now
found to be turning a phone into a
pocket-spying device essentially
allegations had surfaced last year of
misuse of pegasus by foreign clients
the bennett government was then prompted
to order export reviews
the latest bombshell has alleged that
pegasus was used against former premier
benjamin netanyahu's son and even his
advisers as well as against activists
senior government officials businessmen
and others
foreign
[Music]
according to reports pegasus a cell
phone hacking tool made by israel's nso
group was used to fish for intelligence
even before any investigation had been
opened against the targets and without
judicial warrants those targets included
in fact a son of and two aides in fact
to netanyahu who is currently on trial
on corruption charges in israel as well
as a co-defendant and several witnesses
separately two former officials
suspected in leaks to journalists these
were all targeted by pegasus
after the report emerged prime minister
naftali bennett vowed that his
government will not leave this without a
response
as bennett pledged action the public
security minister omar bharlev said that
he would seek authorization for a
government commission of an inquiry now
barley currently oversees the police
listening
is
the alleged spying has been condemned
across the political spectrum the leader
of the opposition benjamin netanyahu
told israel's parliament that it was a
black day for the state of israel
meanwhile israeli media has in recent
days reported that spyware was used
against a key witness in netanyahu's
corruption trial
calculus says that it was also used
against netanyahu's son
we on world is one is now available in
your country download the app now and
get all the news updates on the move