Israel has ordered more evacuations in
Gaza as its forces widen its ground
offensive South in the war torn Enclave
on Friday the UN Security Council
approved a resolution calling for more
humanitarian Aid to flow into Gaza but
last night un Chief Antonio gueras said
Israel's offensive is creating massive
obstacles to Gaza Aid distribution MTS
tab is in Jerusalem MTS good
morning good morning well despite the UN
Security Council voting in favor of the
resolution calling for large-scale
deliveries of Aid into Gaza where they
say 85% of the population are now
displaced and half a million people are
starving Israel's ground offensive is
only
widening what the UN resolution did not
demand was a suspension of hostilities
in Gaza because the Biden Administration
opposed
it and also insisted on removing a
Clause giving the UN exclusive control
of delivering humanitarian Aid crushing
hopes the desperately needed supplies
can be delivered in any meaningful way
as Israel's massive bombing campaign
across Gaza enters its 12th
week in the southern city of Rua where
the Israeli military told Palestinian
civilians to flee scenes of utter horror
after Israel struck a car another little
life taken in a bombing campaign that
experts say is deadlier and more
destructive than most of the world's
worst wars over the last
century at manger Square in the occupied
Westbank city of Bethlehem with just
days before Christmas there's no sign of
holiday cheer there is no uh Christmas
tree this year because what's happened
in Gaza it's sad yes it's sad you can
see by your eyes there is no one no one
in the Holy
place this is also make us really said
inside the church of the Nativity barely
a living Soul normally this area would
be packed full of tourists and Christian
Pilgrims from around the world but this
year Christmas is canceled in
Bethlehem for centuries Christians have
flocked here to celebrate the birth of
Christ and feel close to God now it's
eily empty even the very spot it's
believed Jesus was born a focal point
for the faithful
and not a soul to be
seen and for the first time in as long
as anyone can remember Christians from
all denominations who call Bethlehem
home have canceled Christmas because
they say there's nothing to celebrate as
Israel continues to bomb Gaza peria
Saturday morning infest hiab East
Jerusalem