israel is heading to its fifth election
since 2019 after the collapse of the
fragile coalition government many see
this as an opportunity for netanyahu to
return to power but israel's longest
leader now faces a new obstacle a
coalition between israel's benny guns
and gideon's heart
the two israeli ministers have agreed to
march their political parties this means
that guns
could soon need the biggest grouping in
the parliament guns is israel's former
army chief of staff he heads the
centrist blue and white party
currently guns sounds as israel's
defence minister sar is a former member
of the once dominant likud party he
later broke ranks and formed his hawkish
new hope party is currently israel's
justice minister both were key members
of the alliance of eight divas parties
that formed the coalition government now
they have joined forces again to stop
netanyahu from returning to power both
guns and tsar say the aim is to break
the political deadlock tsar says the
idea is to form a broad national unity
government one that is not dependent
upon the fringes he also added that guns
was best suited to lead as prime
minister currently netanyahu's liquid
party appears to be the front runner it
continues to lead into polls but he can
form a government only if he has the
numbers he needs kabul he needs to
cobble together support from a majority
of the 120 member parliament the other
front runner is prime minister iai
lapids yesh ateed party
but what happens if both parties do not
have a majority that's where guns comes
comes in he hopes to seize the
premiership if both likud and yashatid
do not have the numbers that is why he
cannot be ruled out by 2023 he might end
up being israel's 15th prime minister
ryon is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move