at least two arrests were made at a pro
Palestinian rally outside an event prime
minister Justin Trudeau was attending in
[Music]
Toronto the protesters gathered outside
the King Edward hotel where Justin
Trudeau met with Ireland's Deputy PM the
group says they were there to demand a
permanent ceasefire in the Israel Hamas
conflict and blocked off a portion of
King Street for some time police say at
least two people were arrested during
the pro protest one for Mischief this
comes on the heels of another event
Trudeau was slated to attend with the
Italian prime minister at the ago an
event that was cancelled due to a pro
Palestinian demonstration outside we're
here today protesting prime minister
Justin Trudeau's fundraising event which
is taking place at a hotel right behind
us uh the Prime Minister thinks that it
is appropriate to host a fundraising
event with
$1,700 uh tickets for purchase uh while
his government continues to send arms to
is
on month six of its ongoing genocide in
Gaza so our comment to the liberal party
is that for the last 6 months we have
seen Canadians protesting every single
week against Israel's genocide in Gaza
um and we are demanding that the Liberal
Party the Canadian government uh stop
selling arms to Israel uh and to call on
the Israeli government to lift The Siege
on Gaza which has been ongoing for over
16 years uh turning Gaza into an open uh
air prison uh we're we are our message
making our message loud and clear uh
that while this genocide continues and
while uh the Canadian government
continues to send arms to Israel we will
not allow for the Liberal Party to fund
raise in peace for the people of
Palestine in Gaza in Rafa they are being
shut dead from above from the land and
from anywhere and that's why we are here
to say justtin trud though you are
complicit in the ongoing genocide in
Rafa
[Music]
[Applause]
Gaza