since last week Israel Hamas War has
resulted in thousands of casualties and
as the war between the two ragers
Innocents continue to face the maximum
brunt in the latest a group of
international journalists covering
clashes On the Border in South Lebanon
have been hit by shelling the shelling
resulted in the death of at least one
writer's phographer while six other
journalists suffered severe injuries the
Associated Press Al jazer claimed the
unfortunate in incident was the result
of Israeli
shelling the shelling occurred during an
exchange of the fire along the Israel
Lebanon border between Israeli troops
and the member of lebanon's militant
hasbullah
group images from the scene show showed
a charred
car the incident which impacted
journalists from
reiters and Al jazer marks one of the
worst press catastro catastrophes yet to
emerge from Israel's war against Hamas
now prior to the Friday incident at
least 10 journalists had been killed
since the onset of the war according to
the committee to protect
journalists I want to say how much this
demonstrates the enormous risk of spill
over of this conflict name relation to
Le and
I want to pay tribute to the journalists
that so many unfortunately the largest
number ever uh last year so many
journalists are paying with their lives
the work they do uh to bring truth to
everybody in the world that I present to
their families my deepest
condol the Lebanon Israel border has
been witnessing sporadic acts of
violence since last week's attack by the
militant Palestinian group Hamas on
Southern Israel with Israel expected to
launch a ground invasion of Gaza there
are growing fears that the fighting
could spread to other fronts in the
region armed groups in southern Lebanon
have exchanged sporadic fire across
Israel's northern border where clashes
this week have already been the
deadliest since
2006