Israel has wowed to crush Hamas after
gunmen from the Palestinian islamist
group stormed across the border and
killed at least 1200 people now the
unprecedented assault marked the
deadliest attack on Israel since it was
founded 75 years ago here's how the
Israeli military is executing the
retaliation now like clockwork Israeli
artillery goes into action every 30
seconds against a barely visible Target
somewhere in the Hamas ruled Gaza Strip
Israeli forces are keeping up with the
withering barrage of air strikes
crippling White Hamas facilities and
sites Israel has mass forces tanks and
other heavy armor around Gaza as well T
Aviv has called for called up 300,000
reservists and is preparing for a
possible ground Invasion into the Gaza
Strip in a statement on Thursday the
Army said it has bombarded Gaza with
approximately 6,000 Munitions containing
a total of 4,000 tons of explosives
since Saturday when it began striking
Hamas targets now troops have deployed
150 mm artillery guns in fields along
along the border with Gaza placing them
a few meters apart from each other near
the towns of netivot and stot which were
overrun by Hamas militans in their
weekend Onslaught last week each time a
salvo is fired the ground shakes and a
deafening noise fills the air these are
sounds which have become common now in
the battle ton Nation the Army has set
up roadblocks to stop infiltration by
armed Palestinian militants into
Southern Israel in the skies above there
are the Apache helicopter gunships which
fly at low altitude Cutting Edge Israeli
combat helicopters are briefly breaching
the airspace of the Gaza Strip as well
and Israeli mava tanks
[Music]
are