in the month of October alone the police
received eight reports of offensive
remarks or actions targeted at members
of the Jewish or Muslim communities in
Singapore eight may not seem like a
large number to you but in just this one
month of October we have received almost
the same number of related reports as we
did in the preceding Nine Months of the
Year combined so it is a very sharp
Spike and that's why we cannot afford to
be complacent we know that Singapore is
an attractive Target for foreign
terrorist groups as well as self-
radicalized individuals and while Israel
and Gaza may be far away what happens in
the Middle East can affect us here in
Southeast Asia and Singapore we fully
expect extremist and terrorist groups in
the region to use this conflict to R up
sentiments and radicalize more
individuals
members all know that in recent years we
have detained singaporeans who fell for
pramas narratives and wanted to take up
arms overseas we've had radicalized
individuals who have also planned
attacks on Singaporean
targets and since the conflict started
Regional internet internet traffic on
extremist sides has already gone up
threefold because we track these sides
we not the track has increased and we
have also observed an uptick in anti-
Singapore rhetoric including violent
threats against Singapore by Regional
extremist elements
online so amidst this conflict it is
more urgent than ever that we prepare
for all
contingencies that's why our security
agencies are on heightened alert and we
have put in place additional security
measures as a
precaution all of plus singaporeans must
stay vigilant too by reporting any
suspicious Behavior or activity to the
authorities because in the end our
ability to respond to any terrorist
incident depends on all of us as
singaporeans working together