qar really playing its job as the
mediator here right bang in the middle
of what both parties wanted uh Hamas
originally wanted a 4-day extension
Israel said it was happy to go day by
day to get an extra 10 hostages out but
look this is right in the middle of that
now we did hear from the US just a
little earlier the White House National
Security spokesperson John Kirby he was
also saying that the US is pushing for
an extension he said that the president
Joe Biden has been personally engaged
with both prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu and also with qar Amir really
pushing for this extension and as you
mentioned it has finally come through
this will be very very good news for
these family members of these 184 people
still stuck inside the Gaza Strip it
means that it buys them a little bit
more time to get these people out and it
also buys time for the people inside the
Gaza Strip the Palestinians the 2.3
million people that live there to get
this much needed Aid into the strip now
we are uh surely expected to hear more
reaction of course from right around the
world we did hear from the UN Chief
Antonio gues just a little while ago he
says that an extension is not enough he
says that there needs to be a full
ceasefire not just for the Palestinians
inside the Gaza Strip but for the region
as a whole what we've been hearing from
Aid groups and also from the United
Nations over the past day is that the
aid that is going into the strip is
simply not enough it's a drop in the
ocean and just to put it into
perspective there's been around 200
trucks going in since this ceasefire
that's per day but before this blockade
was put on the Gaza Strip there were 500
trucks at the very minimum going into
the coastal Enclave every day so
according to them certainly not enough
to serve these people down
there