Israel is on high alert amid an
increasingly urgent Iranian threat fears
that Iran could strike have prompted the
US to send its top General to Tel Aviv
to discuss security concerns with
Israeli officials defense minister yoav
Gallant warned the state would respond
to an Iranian attack a direct Iranian
attack will require an appropriate
Israeli response against Iran tensions
between Israel and Iran follow a strike
on the Iranian Consulate in Damascus on
April 1st which killed 6 people
including seven members of Iran's
revolutionary Gods Tran believes it was
committed by the Israeli Air Forces with
the US involved and has warned of
retaliation the evil regime made a
mistake in this regard it must and will
be
punished when they attacked our
consulate they attacked our
territory Iran has so far refrained from
taking any direct action against Israel
since the start of the war in Gaza but
us and Israeli security sources believe
that an Iranian strike or by one of its
proxies is now imminent President Biden
reaffirmed his support for Israel
Thursday as secretary blinken urged the
International Community to dissuade Iran
from carrying out an attack uh secretary
blinken has been engaged in diplomacy
over the past 24 hours uh through a
series of calls to foreign counterparts
including Turkish foreign minister hakan
fedan Chinese foreign minister Wang Yi
and Saudi foreign minister fisel Ben
Farhan to make clear that escalation is
not in anyone's interest and that
countries should urge Iran not to
escalate in the meantime Russia Germany
and Britain have called for restraint
from both the Israeli and Iranian sides
to try and prevent the region from
escalating into conflict