medical supplies food fuel the tons of
humanitarian Aid in these trucks is
frustratingly Out Of Reach for the two
million people trapped in Gaza the
Convoy is waiting on the Egyptian side
of the Rafa border crossing which Egypt
says it wants to open it blames the
closure on Israeli strikes near the site
there was brief Hope on Monday with
reports that a temporary ceasefire was
agreed but Hamas and Israel both quickly
denied a deal had been made humanitarian
agencies warn disaster is
looming as far as water electricity and
fuel are concerned according to the UN
and the Red Cross red cresant after 24
hours it will be a real catastrophy no
fuel therefore no electricity for all of
the inhabitants of the Gaza Strip in
general and for the medical
establishments in
particular while trucks idle on the
Egyptian side of the Border as a
residents with foreign passports gather
on the other side praying they'll be
able to get out even to them the
crossing remains firmly
shut we come to the border crossing
every day we contact the embassy every
day and they tell us to go to the
crossing we wait for five 6 seven8 hours
and then we go back the journey is not
safe there is no truth we're traveling
in
danger there is no safety even when
you're at the Crossing you're afraid on
our way to the crossing they sheld Raa
streets and we started screaming we came
to the crossing and thought it was safe
nowhere is safe in Gaza wherever we go
there's shelling shelling crying
screaming blood the un's humanitarian
Chief says he's in deep discussions with
Israel and Egypt he'll be in the region
on Tuesday to try to negotiate the
passage of Aid in the meantime The
Waiting continues on both sides of the
fence