lebanon's militant group Hezbollah has
been exchanging fire with Israel across
the border for days threatening to
expend a conflict between Israel and
Palestinian group Hamas but what is
esbah Iran's revolutionary Gods founded
Hezbollah in 1982 in the middle of
lebanon's Civil War it was part of
Iran's effort to export its Islamic
revolution around the region and fight
Israeli forces after their invasion of
Lebanon in
1982 Hezbollah say Tan's Shiite islamist
ideology it went on to recruit Lebanese
Shiite Muslims the group has reasen from
a shadowy faction to a heavily armed
force with major sway over the Lebanese
state it has ministers in government and
lawmakers in Parliament Western
countries including the United States
designate Hezbollah as a terrorist
organization the US holds the group
responsible for a suicide bombing that
destroyed US Marine headquarters in
Beirut in 1983 killing 241 servicemen
and Lebanese security officials and
Western intelligence have said groups
linked to Hezbollah carried out suicide
attacks on Western embassies and kidnap
westerners in the 1980s Hezbollah
leaders said those attacks were carried
out by small groups not linked to
Hezbollah in 2021 hisbah leader s Hassan
nah said the group had 100,000 Fighters
Iran gives Hezbollah weapons and money
the US estimates Iran has allocated it
hundreds of millions of dollars annually
in recent years hbab Bast weapons
including Precision rockets and drones
it demonstrated its military advances in
2006 during a 5we war with Israel it
fired thousands of rockets into Israel
during the conflict 1,200 people were
killed in Lebanon mostly civilians and
more than 150 Israeli were killed most
of them
soldiers many Lebanese Shiites support
Hezbollah saying the group defends
Lebanon from Israel however Lebanese
parties opposed to Hezbollah say the
group unilaterally drags Lebanon into
armed
conflict Hezbollah has deep ties to
Hamas another Palestinian faction backed
by Iran on October 7th the day Hamas
militants carried out an unprecedented
assault into Israel Hezbollah said it
was in direct contact with the
leadership of the Palestinian resistance
since then Hezbollah has exchanged
crossborder fire with Israel numerous
times