bully hoes can be seen everywhere in
Jenning Refugee cab known locally as the
Marty's Capital the occupied West Bank
it's home to about 12,000 people for a
long time even before the ongoing war in
Gaza Israeli forces have carried a
military operation in the camps and that
includes raids destroying residential
walls interrogating families and making
arrests 8ye Janna says families in the
Janine Camp leaving constant Danger
our apartment is on the third floor you
can see it from haa Street and Israel
snipers always shoot bullets at our
apartment when they do we fall to the
floor Jan's cousin sadil used to cut in
sty her hair they were close but when
Jenna woke up one day in June early this
year the same day the t planine a small
party she was
gone I found all my family crying I
asked one of them what that happened sad
had been killed by the Israeli
Army 43y old Mustafa grew up in the jine
camp he runs a the project that serves
the local community and says the impact
of the violence on children is clear I I
just was right to S years old in my age
the the first antifa started so I don't
find this this year to expression to BL
to our to to Childhood to live in
childhood Al like un normal child in the
world the theater focuses on the
individual identity of children tapping
into their potential and helping them
with hardship and Trauma through
performing
arts and they have a message for their
brothers and sisters in
[Music]
Gaza
[Music]
are you afraid that Palestinian children
would grow hostile to Israel and then
one day join the resistance
movement our hope is to teach them well
but the current conditions caused by the
Israeli Army's Behavior have put us
under a lot of
pressure the alarming fact is that in
the past couple years a new generation
of armed groups that has risen and the
West Bank and they provided channels for
the pervasive mounting anger among young
Palestinians at the state as Pro joing
cgtn in the West Bank of
pistan