throughout his political career Benyamin
Netanyahu has consistently dismissed the
idea of Palestinian statehood he's
doubled down on that position saying
that even after the war in Gaza ends a
sovereign Palestinian state would be a
direct security threat to Israel that's
in direct Defiance of the foreign policy
of Israel's stonest backer the United
States I greatly appreciate the United
States support for Israel and I also
Express this to the President Biden
however I will strongly insist on our
Vital interests I emphasize to Biden our
determination to achieve all of the
goals of the war and to ensure that Gaza
never again constitutes a threat to
Israel on Sunday Netanyahu rejected
conditions presented by Hamas to end the
war and release the remaining hostages
being held in Gaza those terms included
Israel's complete withdrawal from the
enclave and and leaving Hamas in
power I am working on this around the
clock but let it be clear I utterly
reject the Hamas monsters capitulation
terms Palestinians say the Biden
Administration is not applying enough
pressure on Israel to end the conflict
casting further doubt on President
Biden's push for a two-state
solution if Biden wanted if the United
States wanted something else it would
have forced him to speak in a completely
different way netanyahu's agenda is
completely different his main agenda is
more war destruction and killing so that
there is additional time to continue
ruling so that he does not go to
prison Palestinians have long lost faith
in the International Community
particularly the US accusing Washington
of double standards and President
Biden's talk of a two-state solution
brings Hollow among
many honest broker who said that
certainly it's not an honest broker it's
not only a supporter and supporter of
the Israeli occupation at all stages
it's an accomplice of the occupation in
all its crimes against the Palestinian
people netanyahu's position isn't new he
has long objected to a two-state
solution and it will surely exasperate
an already tense relationship between
him and Israel's staed Ally President
Biden but for someone who's fighting for
his political future that's seems to be
a reasonable price to pay Muhammad Alim
trt World occupied e
[Music]
Jerusalem