Mohammed is protesting for the right to
bury his son but Israel has refused to
release his body in Ambala we are here
demanding the dignified and respectful
return of our children's bodies we want
them to be returned to us from the
occupations of refrigerators so we can
bury them with respect and pride this
was the moment mat son was killed
outside his home Ahmed says well it was
going to the corner store but Israeli
officials say he tried to attack
soldiers at a nearby checkpoint it's not
clear what happened after that
but Israeli soldiers are then seen
carrying his body away it's been camping
out in this tent for almost two months
with dozens of other Palestinians I'm
not bald I came to this protest to make
our voices heard and say that we demand
the return of our relatives bodies so we
can bury them in a dignified way
refusing to release the bodies of people
killed during conflict is a violation of
both Israeli and international law and
human rights groups say the government
has also used bodies some that have been
held for more than 30 years in
negotiations with groups like Hamas but
the Israeli government says they're
holding the bodies to prevent violence
at funerals
something rights activists deny just the
practice is meant to increase the
suffering of the Palestinian people as a
collective punishment and to kill the
spirit of the Palestinian people by not
allowing them to bury their martyred
relatives from others like Oh Mohamed
whose son was killed in a gunfight with
Israeli security forces going through
the courts a year ago we were surprised
when the courts told us that they had
already buried my son's body without our
knowledge
for now Amin says he'll keep protesting
until he gets his son's body back oh by
the heat Oh TRT world
[Music]