if you had uh some advice for your
[Applause]
[Music]
colleagues all of us follow the enormous
efforts which Tony is putting in right
now if you had uh some advice for your
colleagues number one we must be clear
that what happened on October 7th was
terrorism number two Israel should be
should have been uh very mindful of
Civilian casualties number three uh the
return of hostages is today imperative
what is the the view from uh from India
what would you if if you had uh some
advice for your colleagues what would
you be what would you tell
them well I don't have advice from my
colleagues though I particularly I think
all of us follow the enormous efforts
which Tony is putting in right now uh
but uh look the way we look at it uh
there are different dimensions different
elements to this number one we must be
clear that what happened on October 7th
was terrorism no caveats no
justification no explanation it was
terrorism number
two uh as Israel
response it is important that Israel
should be should have been uh very
mindful of Civilian
casualties uh that uh it has an
obligation to observe International
humanitarian
law uh number three uh the return of
hostages is today
imperative uh number four there is a
need for a humanitarian Corridor a
sustainable humanitarian Corridor to
provide relief and eventually there has
to be a permanent fix along longterm fix
otherwise we're going to see a
recurrence and I think today uh
certainly India has long uh believed in
a two-state solution we have uh
maintained that position for many
decades and I think today many more
countries in the world uh today feel uh
not just that the two-state solution is
necessary but it is more urgent uh than
it was
[Music]
before
[Music]
[Music]