Israel's National Planning and Building
Council approves the advanced plans for
more than 3,500 new homes in settlements
in the occupied West Bank the approval
comes as a response to a West Bank
attack that happened nearly 2 weeks ago
during the attack at least one Israeli
was killed and over 11 were injured
about 70% of the homes will be built in
madum east of Jerusalem with the rest of
nearby Kar and E ephat south of
Bethlehem higher planning committee of
the Civil Administration approved
Advanced plans for the development with
over 2,500 Mali adim at least 690 in
epat and 330 in Kar this is the first
time since June that the developments of
housing units in the West Bank have
advanced however the Palestinian
Authority condemned them Israel has
built about 160
settlements some 700,000 Jews since it
occupied the West Bank and East
Jerusalem in the 1967 Middle East War
the vast majority of the International
Community considers the settlements
illegal under international law although
Israel disputes
it Israeli Prime Minister Benin
netanyahu's far-right government has
promoted the settlements causing
friction with one of the country's key
allies the United States who is also
which is also Tel aviv's biggest backer
in its ongoing war with Hamas now in
February US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin said Washington deemed West Bank
settlements inconsistent with
international law reverting to a US
position that had been overturned by the
administration of former president
Donald Trump blink's statement came
after us sanctioned for Israeli settlers
in the start of
February apart from America France
announced sanctions against 28 Israeli
settlers whom it accused of committing
human right abuses against Palestinian
civilians even the United Kingdom joined
the list and announced sanctions on four
Israeli settlers 2023 was an exception
in terms of promoting construction plans
in the West Bank over 12,000 housing
units were approved or advanced in the
planning peace now and Israeli
non-governmental organization estimates
that this is the highest number since
the signing of the Oslo
Accords
[Music]