now coming to the question of United
States you know it continues to offer
military support to Israel even as it
warns Netanyahu of the consequences of
occupying Gaza and continues uh the
focus on getting Aid into Gaza would you
say that these are mixed
signals yes mixed signals and uh the
most important signal is that the United
States is telling that it is
unconditionally supporting Israel
including a land the invasion of isra of
of of of
Gaza ground invasion of Gaza and uh they
are even saying that they will send
2,000 American troops to participate in
that Invasion which is amazing I mean
it's it's United States should not be
participating in such a war crime and
the most important thing is here is that
Netanyahu is trying to fulfill his plan
his plan is clear uh attacking Gaza
viciously killing as many Palestinians
as he can forcing an eviction and ethnic
cleansing of all Palestinians in Gaza
and then annexing Gaza Strip that's the
nature of the map he carried in the
United Nations where he showed that
Israel should include the annexation of
all the occupied West Bank the
annexation of all the occupied Gaza
Strip as well as Jerusalem and the
Syrian Golan Heights if that happens
this would mean the end of international
law it would send a very negative
message to everybody in the world that
we do not live now in a world where
international law has existence it would
mean that what we are what we are
subjected to is
jungal where anybody with power can do
whatever they like but more important
the United States here is providing a
very clear and shiny example of double
standard in the case of Ukraine they are
sending
artillery jet fighters to $224 billion
dollar of military and Aid
equipment and to support what they say a
fight of Ukraine against occupation in
our case they are sending uh jet
fighters and aircraft carriers and
weapons to the
occupier where is the logic here all
right Dr Mustafa really appreciate your
time thank you so much