the deadly Israeli attack that killed
seven Aid workers from the nonprofit
World Central Kitchen in Gaza on Monday
reports are now suggesting that the
attack might have been carried out with
multiple Precision strikes first let's
take a look at where the relief group
members were attacked in Gaza according
to the world Central kit the team was
traveling in a dis deconflict Zone in
two armored cars and one unarmored
vehicle the attack occurred when the
team dropped off more than 100 tons of
food supplies at a warehouse in the AL
Bala in central Gaza the charity says
that they had coordinated the Convoy
movement with the Israeli military the
eight Convoy traveling along Gaza Coast
Road is believed to be targeted using a
harus 450 drone the hus 450 is a multi-
payload drone it can incorporate Cutting
Edge payloads with selected d dual
payload configurations the Drone is made
by El systems and Israeli based weapons
manufacturer the drone's highly
autonomous and ergonomic operation
results in high Mission Effectiveness
with no piloting skills required the
system is easily mobilized and rapidly
Deployable the mission management is
performed via the heres ground control
system reports further suggest that the
hermis 450 drone was is equipped with
Spike missiles the spike LR2 missile was
different Rangers now it is launched via
ground then it has a range of 5.5 km and
if it is launched aily then the range is
10 km the missile weighs 13 kg with a
twin charge high explosive anti-tank
system Warhead the missile has a rate of
fire of 30 seconds when launched while
it takes only 15 seconds to reload the
missile can be mounted on ground tripod
labs and even
[Music]
helicopters