nestled in a valley on lebanon's
Southern border lies the village of
rashai alahar surrounding it Israeli
military posts and in the sky Israeli
drones searching for Hezbollah Fighters
every day every day afternoon they shell
forests where they thought that there is
activities for the other
side many of the residents have left
normally there are 5 to 600 people
living here drive through the village
and it's virtually empty there is a
price you have to pay when you are
living on the border especially in in
the Middle East between three areas
Syria uh Palestine Israel Lebanon along
the valley floor and in neighboring
Villages Israeli strikes have scorched
farmland and homes have been destroyed
well in just the last 30 minutes we
heard a rocket fired from a nearby
location and since then we've heard the
sound of a distant drone presumably an
Israeli drone Village officials here
have told us the one thing that they've
requested from Hezbollah is that their
Fighters not fire any Rockets from this
town and so far over the last 3 months
rashah has not been hit over the course
of lebanon's successive Wars The Village
Church has been a Gathering Place for
safety in 2006 it was bombed by Israel
the shells broke through the thick stone
walls but they didn't explode and no one
was killed and it was a miracle we say
it is a miracle of by by Miriam the icon
of Miriam that saved the people because
it was full of people around
150 the town's priest says the church
which was first built in the year 500
will always remain
open the doors of the church are never
closed no matter how much bombing
artillery and Rockets every Sunday we
are holding Mass but no activities
because the whole town is displaced they
are scared from the bombing the worry
here is that if the conflict doesn't
escalate people might not return khabib
musaku was in the church when it was
bombed at 80 years old he's decided to
stay to tend to his chickens and his
garden every day there is bombing we are
not sleeping because of the heavy
bombing if the situation escalates and
my house is destroyed I couldn't rebuild
it I would sell the land and leave
despite the constant threat of war the
few who've stayed in this Village are
holding out hope for peace
Randolph Nole trt World in rashai alahar
southern
[Music]
Lebanon