the terror attack in Moscow is playing
out indirectly on the battlefield in
Ukraine Russia launched air strikes on
Kiev and the Western Ukrainian region of
laew this has prompted neighboring
Poland's Armed Forces to activate
aircraft to ensure airspace Safety near
the border kev's mayor said on the
messaging app telegram that there were
several explosions in the Ukrainian
Capital after air defense systems were
engaged in repelling the attack
Ukraine's Air Defense Forces destroyed
about a dozen of Russia launched
missiles over Kev and in the vicinity of
the capital preliminary information
showed no casualties or major damage as
a result of the attacks in a major
attack on L Russian missiles were flying
close to the border with Poland Poland's
Armed Forces said that polish and Allied
aircraft have been activated which may
result in increased noise levels
especially in the Southeastern part of
the country L mayor Andre sadov said on
telegram that there were no attacks on
the city but some 20 missiles and seven
attack drones had been launched against
the broader L region targeting critical
infrastructure Russian air defense
systems have shot down more than 10
missiles over the crian port of sylvest
forcing transport disruptions on the
peninsula that Moscow annexed from
Ukraine sea and Road Transport linking
Russia's mainland with the choman
peninsula which Moscow annexed in 2014
from Ukraine was suspended for several
hours on the other hand Russia said that
it had taken control of critical crno
settlement also known as Ian in Ukraine
this is located in dones region Ukraine
says it has attacked a Russian radar
station
for all the latest news download the
weon app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel