Israel's prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has held a phone call with
Russian President Vladimir Putin
Netanyahu voiced his disapproval of
Russia's position against Israel let's
bring in our correspondent Imran Khan
he's joining us live from Tel Aviv and
nanahu spoke to Putin for the first time
in nearly two months Imran do we have
any
details we certainly do from the Israeli
side not from the Russian side this
phone call lasted around 50 minutes the
first time the two men have spoken since
October 16th now relations between
Russia and Israel are fraught and this
was reflected in fact uh the Israeli pre
says he expressed his displeasure with
certain statements made by Russian
officials at the UN and other for forums
he says against Israel he also strongly
criticized the relationship between
Russia and Iran and called it dangerous
and he also said that any country that
suffered a terrorist attack such as
Israel did on October 7th would act with
no less Force uh than Israel uh but he
was also appreciative of the fact that
uh Russian efforts to release an Israeli
citizen with Russian citizenship and
said that Israel will use all means both
politically and militarily to release
all the hostages now talking about the
hostages the captives he also told
Russia to put pressure on the Red Cross
to visit and provide medicines for the
hostages held in Gaza now that last
bit's actually very interesting
increasingly the prime minister is
blaming the Red Cross for not doing
enough for the captives in Gaza this is
popular because it deflects criticism of
him it also talles with what the bring
them back campaign uh saying that's the
umbrella organization that represents
the captives still in Gaza they've also
been blaming uh the Red Cross as well
how however I've spoken to the Red Cross
they can't act uh unilaterally they have
to act as a result of humanitarian
diplomacy they can't simply walk into a
war zone with intense bombardment and
going see these hostages this has to
happen as part of a wider agreement but
by blaming the Red Cross it deflects
criticism of Netanyahu himself and we've
seen this time and time again yeah it's
interesting because the Israeli
Ambassador at the United Nations was
also blaming the UN for the lack of Aid
getting into Gaza that is uh Imran Khan
live in
tviv