[Applause]
these are the scenes Israelis have been
longing to see a glimmer of hope and joy
after 3 weeks of Agony a whole community
in the town of kirak Gat coming together
to celebrate the rescue of Israeli
soldier Ori megidish after the news
broke she' been saved in an on the
ground operation by Israel's Defense
Force which released this image on
Monday of AI reunited with her family
their home filled with visitors little
is yet known about how she was captured
or rescued the military publishing this
underground footage this morning in Gaza
it's careful and selective in
information it's
releasing in Jerusalem Safa square a
silent plea for the return of those
still missing presumed captive empty
beds on display for 239 people around
half of them Israelis half foreign
Nationals old and young babies
too the hostages are thought to be
somewhere in hamas's deep underground
Network the latest propaganda video by
the islamist militants show three
hostages calling for their release we're
not showing the footage the women are
clearly under Jess one of them Danielle
alone blames Benyamin Netanyahu the
Prime Minister condemned the video as
cruel
propaganda calls for a ceasefire are
calls for Israel to surrender to Hamas
to surrender to terrorism to surrender
to
barbarism that will not happen late last
night Daniel alone's father Amos in the
blue t-shirt said he like other families
are in the grips of Despair at every
news
update when I saw pictures of Danielle
on TV my heart almost
stopped both my wife and I were shocked
on the one hand but on the other we felt
relief relief at her being
alive until now we didn't have any
confirmed facts about her Danielle was
taken from here kabut near o along with
her daughter sister brother-in-law and
twin nieces one of many families whose
lives were devastated by the Hamas
massacres Here and Now Holding Out for
news of those still held in the midst of
War