[Music]
we were two people who love each other
indescribably and the whole world was
standing by us then in an instant a bomb
exploded here and everything changed was
a very bad feeling of deprivation to
have the person we love taking away from
us
24 year old abir is still grieving her
fiance ismail dwake was killed along
with six others during israel's
bombardment of gaza in early august she
says she can still feel ismail's
presence for her he still walks beside
her all the time unseen unheard but
always near and always loved
the facility
i can't recognize the details of our
place here anymore i asked my father
every time where is the entrance what
happened here was like an earthquake but
he smiles words and the plans we set
together remain nothing has gone from
them his smile will be in my mind
forever he's my lover my husband and my
everything i lost him in this world but
i hope that we will meet again in heaven
and do everything we dreamed of doing
here
its latest military operation on gaza
which israel says targeted the islamic
jihad group the israeli army conducted
more than 170 raids in three days
thousands of homes were destroyed and
many people were displaced habir and
ismail had planned to throw their
wedding party in september now all
that's left of their future together is
a pile of rubble
there is no longer a groom no wedding no
life my daughter was a victim she was
just around the corner from feeling joy
and achieving her life dream
i have been watching them smiling and
feeling happy together the occupation
causes such tragedies and it continues
to do so
abhir's ismail was among the 49
palestinians killed in the latest round
of fighting nearly half of them
civilians she is now left with the
memories they had the gifts he gave her
and the dreams they never had a chance
to make come true
abeer still comes here regularly to
visit what was supposed to soon be her
marital home she never thought the last
time she said goodbye to her fiance
would in fact be the last time but in
gaza hopes and dreams can so easily turn
to tragedy nizar sadawi trt world gaza
[Music]
you