Joe Biden's short trip of a few hours to
Israel today for the first time a US
president visited a country at
War but this time the stakes are too
high for the world for the us as several
of its citizens are held hostage by the
Hamas even as protests against us
support to Israel like in Aman are
growing I want the people of Israel the
people of the world
to know where the United States
stands I've had my great secretary of
state here he's been here for a lot but
I wanted to personally come and make
that
clear terrorist group Hamas has
slaughtered has been pointed out over
1,300 people including 31
Americans and uh they've taken scores of
people hostage including children they
committed evils that U and atrocities
that uh make Isis look somewhat more
rational in the aftermath of the attack
on gaza's alah Baptist Hospital
Palestinian Authority president mmud
Abbas cancelled a meeting scheduled with
Biden Jordan's King Abdullah thei and
Egyptian president Abdul fat LCC in
Amman in Jordan a White House statement
said the US president looks forward to
Consulting in person with these leaders
soon and agree to remain regularly and
directly engaged with each of them over
the coming
days as protests spiral in Iraq turkey
Lebanon Iran and Jordan the peace
efforts appear to be in tatters for
Biden who expects to be the Democratic
contender in the 2024 presidential
elections this does not look good the
Republicans are sure to bring it up as a
major failure of American diplomacy
there are already questions about a to
Cave as the Russia Ukraine war drags on
efforts to have a better working
relation with China are still not on
track Russia and China's stronger ties
are a worry both Russia and China will
try to use the Middle East conflict to
their advantage a wider Middle East
conflict will also impact Fuel and share
markets economic impact from the coid
pandemic is still not over so did
American diplomacy fail where it should
have mattered the
most will Israel scale down its
operations against Hamas to collateral
damage and then there is a question of
more than 200 Israeli hostages still
being held in Gaza there seem no easy
solutions and neither Biden nor PM
Netanyahu can avoid the damage in Delhi
kadam Sharma for indtv