now as Israeli authorities intensify its
ground operations to wipe out Hamas un
Secretary General Antonio gutterz has
warned that the situation in the
besieged gazen strip is growing more
desperate by the hour the United Nations
has added that the Civil order in The
Enclave is breaking down due to Israel's
Relentless strikes the visuals on your
screens are of thousands of Gaza
residents breaking into warehouses and
distribution centers of the United
Nations Palestinian refugee agency and
grabbing basic needs like wheat and
[Music]
FL United Nations has said that its
ability to help people in Gaza has been
completely stretched by air strikes that
have killed more than 50 of its own
staffers and restricted the movement of
its supplies un Secretary General
Antonio gutterz said that before the
conflict began about 500 trucks were
crossing
into were entering rather into Gaza
after the conflict the UN Chief added
that an average of only 12 trucks are
able to make it into
Gaza I will continue to insist on the
immediate and unconditional release of
all the hostages in Gaza and I repeat my
utter condemnation of the appalling
attacks perpetrated by
Hamas there is no justification ever for
the killing inuring and Abduction of
civilians the situation in Gaza is
growing more desperate by the
hour I regret that instead of a
critically need humanitarian pause
supported by the International
Community Israel has intensified its
military
operations the number of civilians who
have been killed and injured is totally
unacceptable now adding on to the
humanitarian crisis in the besed strip
Egypt's foreign Ministry has said that
CT and Court Israeli obstacles including
truck inspection procedures are impeding
The Prompt delivery of Aid to the Gaza
Strip through the Rafa Crossing between
Egypt and the Palestinian Enclave
Egypt's Foreign Affairs spokesperson
wrote on social media X and I'm quoting
here Egypt has not and will not spare
any effort in implementing humanitarian
Aid to the Gaza Strip the strict Israeli
measures hinder the flow of Aid to the
people of the
strip now weeks of heavy bombardment of
Gaza has claimed over 8,000 lives so far
the Israeli Army said that stage two of
the war to wipe out Hamas has started
with ground incursions since late
[Music]
Friday