round three is Wednesday in Miami
Florida a lot has changed since
September's gathering in
California Hamas attacked Israel and
Israel is bombing Gaza most Republicans
support Israel but this could be a
dividing Point among the candidates look
for strong comments defending Israel
from former governor and un Ambassador
Nikki Haley and Florida Governor Ronda
santz who flew Americans back from
Israel Israel absolutely has the right
and is on firm territory entrepreneur
vivc ramaswami has changed his comment
since the War Began and could be
criticized because of that during the
debate tevy Troy of the bipartisan
policy Center has worked on past debates
he seems to be more tolerant of pro
barbarity comments or people who say
things that support Hamas terrorism he
he calls it free speech again um I'm a
big Free Speech Advocate but I think
there are limits when you Advocate
violence and murder that then that's not
okay in my book the latest Quinn ofak
University poll shows former president
Donald Trump leading other Republicans
at
64% trailed by DeSantis at 15% and Haley
at 8 but the front runner will skip this
Miami debate as he did for the two
previous ones choosing instead to hold a
rally in a nearby
City also missing from this debate is
Trump's former vice president Mike Pence
who dropped out of the race due to low
polling and lack of money again Troy on
how this changes the dynamic but he was
an important voice in being willing to
criticize president Trump on stage now
it's only Chris Christie who's been
overtly critical of trump in every
appearance it may behoove some of the
top contenders including Haley and
DeSantis to make more of a pointed
critique of trump and perhaps pets's
absent gives them the opportunity to do
that the Republican party has scheduled
a fourth debate for December 6th by then
time and stiffer qualification
requirements should narrow the field
even more Caroline purti vaa
news