[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
what's surprising we are not a part of
this conflict we don't know why Iran is
retaliating against civilians of
Kurdistan especially in AR uh we have no
animosity towards any of our neighbors
especially Iran
uh this has been uh you know another
attack
that in the past few years there have
been other attacks also against kistan
we don't know uh what the reasons are
but all of the all of the allegations
that they have uh made or
[Music]
baseless us is in Iraq uh on invitation
of the Iraqi government and their
mission is to fight terrorism we don't
think that terrorism has ended and last
night's event is an indication that
instability in the region is still very
much at stake and so we need an
international cooperation and support to
bring more stability to Iraq and the
region
[Music]
as
[Applause]
[Music]
he
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I think also the king has said in that
context it could even uh be recognition
of Israel from the kingdom if that was
part of a bigger uh political agreement
we need to focus on the war in RZA not
because of the Red Sea we need to focus
on the world in RZA because of its
impact on the Palestinians first but on
Regional Security in general and on the
risks that it poses for further uh
escalation and you know we've seen now
close to 30,000 civilians killed in
razza we continue to see civilians being
killed every day we continue to see
restrictions on access to human Aid and
uh frankly we don't see any real sign
that any strategic objectives that
Israel has claimed are being uh coming
any closer so we need to have a
ceasefire immediately we need to set the
ground for a credible uh process that
enables the Palestinian Authority that
allows us to have a a process towards uh
a peace in the region this will resolve
many of the challenges that we have in
the region but continuing as we are now
continuing to see the suffering that's
happening in GZA is likely to lead to
continuing cycles of
[Music]
[Applause]
escalation
[Applause]