a plume of smoke on Saturday billowed up
from Rafa in Gaza at least one person
was killed here when a strike hit a
house but getting to another ceasefire
appears to Center on the remaining
roughly 130 hostages held by Hamas
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu said that the Relentless
bombing campaign could help push Hamas
back to the negotiating table a
possibility he revealed as the head of
the Israeli spy agency has been in talks
with the prime minister of
cutter without the military pressure we
would not have been able to create a
deal to release more than 100 hostages
and only further military pressure will
lead to the return of all of our
hostages Netanyahu said The Accidental
killings of three Israeli hostages by
the military even as they had been
waving a white flag broke his heart and
the nation's heart but he committed to
the the military campaign in Gaza until
he said Hamas was dismantled in Tel Aviv
as the large clock continues to count
the seconds since the hostages were
taken by Hamas on October 7th families
turned up the heat on the government to
get hostage talks back on track and a
senior member of Hamas weighed in saying
the three hostage deaths at the hands of
the Israeli military proved Israel's
campaign was a strategic and Technical
failure
I tell those Israeli president relatives
who set a clock in t aiv counting the
time until the loved ones come back this
clock of yours could go forever if the
Israeli want the hostages and prisoners
to come back alive this won't happen
unless there is a complete sensation of
Israeli aggression more Aid trucks were
seen driving in Rafa on Saturday Israel
said it would open a second entry point
to speed up deliveries but adding to the
misery a watchdog that mon internet
access said that the internet and phone
lines that went down on Thursday night
were still out on Saturday loss of that
communication could prove disastrous as
the death toll in Gaza climbs to nearly
19,000 since the start of this conflict
Andy rosin trt
world