[Music]
[Music]
this
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
oh
Hamas is responsible for civilian
casualties but we will do every effort
to avoid them uh and uh to fight this
war as speedily and as uh uh as rapidly
as we can but it could be a long War
when this is over the people of Israel
will rebuild their communities and the
people of Gaza will no longer live under
Kamas tyranny but first there's one
condition one condition for anything
that could happen and the good things
that could happen once this war is over
and that condition is that Hamas must be
[Music]
destroyed his balah makes the mistake of
joining this war
in a significant way it will regret it
they will long for the second Lebanon
war which they
regretted because they're embedding
themselves like Hamas in the civilian
population in Lebanon we will have to
take action against it and the
devastation against healah will be
[Music]
unimaginable
[Music]
set cause
is
terrorist
is
[Music]
[Music]
mom is telling the horrific story she's
saying that many many people a swarm of
people came through the fense the
defense cost 2 and a half billion shekel
and it didn't help even a little bit my
mom is saying that she was taken on the
back of a Mot bite with her body uh with
her legs on one side and a hide on
another side that she was taken through
the plow Fields with the men in front on
one side and a man behind her and that
while she was being taken she was de by
H sticks by shabab shab yeah shabab
people until they reach the
tunnel
there there they walked for a few
kilometers on the west
ground there are a huge um huge uh
network of tunnels underneath it looks
like a spider
[Music]
[Music]
web
[Music]
[Music]