it is now day 17 in the Israel Hamas War
here are the most recent developments
today an Iraqi government military
spokesperson said Iraq's prime minister
has ordered Security Forces to pursue
the perpetrators of attacks on military
bases the announcement came after a
recent spike in rocket and drone attacks
against Iraq's military bases which host
Us and other International forces Hamas
Fighters say they engaged with an
Israeli force that infiltrated the Gaza
Strip the fighters say they returned to
their base after Destro Joy some Israeli
military equipment Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu convened a
security assessment in Tel Aviv he met
with members of the war cabinet and
Senior security officials oil prices
fell more than $1 today as concerns
about Supply disruptions eased this
comes as diplomatic efforts to contain
the conflict between Israel and Hamas
intensify the Israeli Army today said it
hit around 320 targets belonging to the
Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad
Terror groups the Israeli military has
carried out air strikes near two
hospitals in Gaza City reported The
Times of Israel the report came after
the Israeli Defense Forces said it was
bombing dozens of Hamas linked sites in
the Gaza Strip the United States has
advised Israel to delay its ground
Invasion plans according to the New York
Times this is to allow for more time to
negotiate the release of 212 hostages
held by Hamas and to allow more Aid to
reach Palestinian civilians in the
Israeli occupied West Bank two
Palestinians were killed at a refugee
camp according to the Palestinian Health
Ministry residents told Reuters that
Israeli forces raided the camp and
carried out widespread arrests clashing
with gunmen and youth the Israeli Army
has not issued a statement about the
incident India on Sunday Senate's first
shipment of humanitarian Aid to Gaza via
Egypt thank you for joining us for this
update stay tuned as we continue to
bring you the latest developments in
this complex and evolving
situation