look uh during the last two sessions of
the foreign um ministers Council of the
European Union uh the situation in
Ukraine became only n Only Point number
two on the
agenda and in the last one year and
eight months we had always started with
discussing Ukraine now we start with
discussing Israel and uh many countries
uh are raising this issue in the
European Union baltics Nordic uh that it
can't be that Ukraine is not on top of
our agenda unfortunately we have a sad
memory of history in this regard as well
because we hungarians have stood up
against the Communist dictatorship in
1956 and the explanation now from the
West why they had not assisted us in our
fight for Freedom was that there was the
crisis of uh uh of um of The suest Canal
at that
time and um you know that diverted all
attention there and we have that's why a
historic experience about the fact that
uh parallel crisis are diverting the
attention from one to another mostly
from the former one to the new
one so um so therefore I understand
those who feel frustrated about the
issue of Ukraine losing um uh its
situation as Point number one on
International political agenda but this
is the case so I I do believe that um
it's um higher time than ever for peace
in the region
finally everybody should understand that
as long as the war is going on people
are dying destruction is taking place
and we don't want more people to die we
don't want more destruction to take
place and the only way to prevent more
people dying to prevent more destruction
taking place is stopping the war is
speak peace now peace will not come
without peace talks uh so therefore this
would be high time for the parties of
the War uh to sit around the same table