[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
to
me to
be see
ande
yesterday an active duty service member
settled himself on fire in front of the
Israeli Embassy in protest of us support
for Israel's operations in Gaza has the
secretary been briefed on Airman bnell
and is he concerned that maybe this air
actions uh May indicate there's a a
bigger issue within the military as far
as us support for this ongoing
operation yeah so uh the secretary is
following the situation I know the Air
Force has confirmed the airman's death
uh they do plan to provide additional
information 24 hours after next ofkin
notifications are complete uh it
certainly is a tragic event uh we do
extend our condolences to the airman's
family but is the secretary concerned
that this might indicate that there's a
a deeper issue maybe US military being
uh military personnel being concerned
about how uh weapons and support for
Israel is being used on civilians in
Gaza well look from a Department of
Defense standpoint since hamas's brutal
attacks on October 7th we've been
focused on the four key areas that the
secretary set out from the onset that's
protecting us forces and citizens in the
region supporting Israel's inherent
right to defend itself from terrorist
attacks working closely with Israel to
support and secure the release of
hostages from Hamas and ensuring that
the crisis the conflict between Hamas
and Israel doesn't escalate into a
broader regional
[Music]
[Music]
conflict
e
we said in his fin Final Act of
compassion I will not be complicit in
genocide we will not stand idly by we
will never stop we will not be complicit
in
genocide we take this moment to hear his
final words followed by a minute of
silence for the 30 th000 Martyrs
murdered by the state of Israel and the
US War
Machine he said free Palestine free
Palestine free
Palestine we will never stop
fighting I ask you to also express your
outrage in unison let us shout those
words free pales
free palese free Palestine free
Palestine free Palestine free Palestine
free free Palestine free free
Palestine thank
you
[Music]
Mar
[Music]
you
[Music]
know
for
[Music]
it means
to be me in SE
and
fire
[Music]
fire
it's