this is the aftermath of a suspected
Israeli drone strike in Lebanon that
Hamas says killed Deputy leader salai Al
aruri and two other senior leaders of
its military Wing aruri had long been
designated a global terrorist by the
United States Israel accuses him of
leading lethal attacks on its
citizens immediately there were protests
in the West Bank Hamas called the
assassinations a terrorist act and a
violation of lebanon's
sovereignty Israeli officials wouldn't
respond when asked about the risk of
retaliation including potential
longrange missile attacks launched from
Lebanon by Hezbollah the militant group
claimed to have its finger on the
trigger Israel also faces accusations of
operating inside turkey where officials
claim to have arrested 33 suspected
Israeli spies alleging they plan to
kidnap and kill Hamas officials Israel
has repeatedly been threatened with
serious consequences if it attacked
Hamas members outside of the Palestinian
territories we are calling to for
maximum restraint from all parties we
don't want
any any R any rash actions that could
trigger further
violence inside Gaza where violence has
displaced nearly 2 million people
there's no sign of relief at this Tent
City in Rafa food and warmth are in
desperately short
supply it would have been better if I
had stayed back in Gaza City and died
with dignity says this
woman the humanitarian situation is
unlikely to get better even as Israel
says it will withdraw thousands of
troops from Gaza in the coming weeks
those troops could well be needed on the
northern border with Lebanon as the
conflict sits on the cusp of a wider and
more dangerous phase Jackson prco Global
News Washington