in the tent camps of Southern Gaza
displaced Palestinians say it's
difficult to find the medicine they need
for their sick children mother mushir
Abu says she sleeps in a tent with 10
others and no
warmth she is unable to find fever
medication antibiotics or pain relief
for her suffering
children we give them syrup but it is
useless children will suffer until they
die our life is a slow death children
are dying
slowly without treatment this is a slow
death it's a major concern as recent
escalation of violence has exacerbated
existing problems basic supplies like
medicine and Healthcare are almost
impossible to come by the World Health
Organization says most of the enclaves
36 hospitals have stopped working 15 are
partially functioning operating at up to
three times their Capac capacity without
adequate fuel or medical supplies it
says infectious diseases have also been
spreading rapidly including diarrhea
cases among children under five they say
they are 20 times higher in November
compared to last year Dr emad kabaj
works at European Hospital in can
Yunis he told Reuters they have around
1,000 illness cases daily with access to
hospitals ult for parents he says they
lose children every day due to basic
medicine
shortages the situation now critical as
temperatures drop in the winter months a
lack of proper housing and heating means
families will be vulnerable to cold and
pneumonia Israel launched its offensive
in Gaza after the islamist militant
group hamas's October 7th attack in
which Israel officials say more than
1200 Israelis and foreigners were killed
in 200 140 taken hostage the military
campaign has killed more than 25,000
Palestinians according to Gaza Health
authorities