first in Israel where authorities say to
Israeli civilians are being held captive
in the Gaza Strip at least one of them
by the Islamist group Hamas Israel's
military lifted a gag order today to
reveal the details of one of the
hostages 10 months after he was taken
from Rhonda Snell let's bring in our
Jerusalem correspondent IRA's McClure
Aris let's start with this captive who
is thought to have crossed the border
himself on foot last September's first
of all why would he have done that in
the first place well that's the question
that's being asked here and the
suggestion is made because there are not
many Israelis who voluntarily excuse me
go into the Gaza Strip the suggestion is
being made that he had psychological
problems although his family denies that
they say he was troubled after the
suicide of his brother whatever the
reason because he went by himself 28
year old Ethiopian immigrant of Rome
mingus to I think the Israeli government
looks at it slightly differently than if
it had been a kidnap and that's what
Israel's president said today IRA's so
where do we go from here what happens
next Israel's Prime Minister's spoke to
the parents of every mengistu today
there is also a second case and that is
a Bedouin man who also walked by himself
voluntarily into Gaza we know very
little about him because we don't even
know his name you know those details
have not been released so there is some
negotiation of foot Hamas has confirmed
that Israel did try to negotiate with
them although it now says it doesn't
hold every mingus to any longer or at
all so it's a very murky situation and
because these two went voluntarily I
think it's going to be a very different
process to the one we saw with the
kidnapped soldier gilad shalit who was
held for five and a half years in the
Gaza Strip alright thanks for that eros
eros Mackler they're reporting from
Jerusalem now Greece