public anger is mounting against Israel
prime minister Benin Netanyahu thousands
took to the street of Tel Aviv to call
for a deal to release the hostages held
by Hamas on the other hand
anti-government protesters called for
new
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
elections
[Music]
in Tel Aviv Israeli police used water
cannons against protesters demanding the
government's resignation it was the
third Saturday in a row that they have
used a pressurized water spraying
vehicle on the protesters who blocked a
main road the police jostled with the
demonstrators trying to move them from
the
[Applause]
[Music]
road
[Applause]
[Music]
think that someone in this government
whom mostly none of them ever served and
they don't want and they don't send any
of their families to the army they need
to take us uh seriously because we are
not going H to die or h to be their
ships we want H this
government ER to take us seriously to
quit three demonstrations took place
simultaneously all aimed at the
government and each within a block of
each other families are focused on
bringing home the remaining
[Music]
[Applause]
hostages
[Music]
we know that Hamas get answer to Israeli
government uh and we hope that soon as
possible all the hostages will release
and we hope that Israel will agree with
the Kamas offer okay and uh we know that
uh
tomorrow
uh our head of mad travel to Doha okay
maybe there will
negotiation okay and we hope soon as
possible we get answer there is a new
deal about 120 hostages were freed
during a November ceasefire that also
led to the release of hundreds of
Palestinians from Israeli
prisons for all the latest news download
the weon app And subscribe to our
YouTube channel