Alisha there has been a lot of concern
particularly also from now world
capitals whether this is going to be a
multi front War you know will we see uh
more countries in West Asia
participating now in this and and could
there be more proxy players involved in
this war now what is it that you can
tell us about what you've heard from the
IDF so far the preparations also by
Israel and how are different world
capitals responded to what has happened
in the last 10
days well see the preparation as far as
the preparation is concerned we have
been witnessing it's some maras which is
been ready the marava which has this
capacity which is been the advanced
technology tank which has a uh you know
there are four variant arm tank which is
equipped with the 120 mm Cannon a heavy
12.7 mm machine gun and a 7.62 mm
machine gun and Israel is been
processing up to 600 marava but there
are also BMP which has been moving
forward so each every strategy that was
made and the several meetings that even
happened because it was the first
cabinet meeting which was held uh by the
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu where
where he clearly given even a message to
the government cabinet which was called
in as an emergency since the start of
the war very clearly mentioned that
Hamas uh they should be treated as they
are the ISS and they should be treated
like one and Hamas should be dismantled
it is what has also been mentioned but
what we' have been witnessing is there
are the global support that has also
been where the has been getting and uh
uh it's also the US who is also going to
be visit because it's Joe Biden where
the Secretary of State Anthony blinkin
who clearly given a message even today
saying that we stand with Israel as it
defend itself and the United States is
also actively working to ensure the
people of Gaza can get of the and the
assistant they need
so as we have been witnessing there are
other you know Global support that has
been given by Israel but yes Israel is
ready because the many people have been
killed here and in Israel but now it's
Israel has been moving towards the
southern side
of