now according to the United Nations
there has been a record expansion in
Israeli settlements in the West Bank and
East Jerusalem sparking fears that the
Israel Palestine conflict could be
becoming even more complex here's a
report take a look Israeli settlements
in the occupied Palestinian territories
have expanded by a record amount the UN
Human Rights office said on Friday the
scale of the expansion risks eliminating
any practical possibility of a
Palestinian State according to un rights
officials who compiled a report head of
the UN Human Rights office in the
occupied Palestinian territory aith suai
told writers that the policies of the
Israeli government appeared to Target
expanding long-term Israeli control over
the West Bank including East Jerusalem
we remind Israel that the transfer of
population of an occupying power into
occupied territory or the forceable
transfer of the population within or
from occupied territory or the
annexation of territory by use of force
are all strictly prohibited officials
and others involved in such conduct risk
individual criminal liability the report
documented
24,300 new Israeli housing units in the
occupied West Bank during a 1-year
period to October 2023 which it said was
the highest since monitoring began in
2017 it added that there had been a
dramatic increase intensity severity and
regularity of both Israeli settler and
state violence against Palestinians in
the occupied West Bank particularly
since the deadly Hamas attacks on Israel
on October 7th Israel which captured the
West Bank in the 1967 Middle East War
claims a Biblical Birthright to the land
where settlements are expanding its
military says it is conducting
counterterrorism operations in the West
Bank and is targeting suspected
militants Israel's diplomatic mission in
Geneva said that the report should have
included included the deaths of 36
Israelis in 2023 it said in a statement
that quote victims of Palestinian
terrorism are ignored by the office of
the High Commissioner time and time
again the 5-month-old Gaza War has put a
renewed focus on a two-state solution to
the Israeli Palestinian conflict as
foreseen by the Oslo Accords from the
early
1990s but there has been little progress
on achieving Palestinian statehood since
then with the expansion of settlements
being one of the obstacles
[Music]