well it's heartwrenching seeing the
level of
Injustice that is been done to uh
brothers and sisters in Palestine seeing
the level of
grotesque and maniacal killing of babies
and women and the destruction of
infrastructure by apathy Israel you know
one can't help but feel very upset that
all of this these are unfolding
live on our TV cameras as we speak to
you about 60 un staff have been killed
dozens of journalists have been murdered
over 9,000 Palestinians have lost their
lives as a result of Israel's genocidal
attack on Palestinian civilians and and
what what saddens me the most is the
support that aparti Israel gets from the
so-called you know wests especially the
United States of America Britain France
Germany
and the rest of them but I must applaud
countries such as U the Republic of
Ireland that has stood solidly with the
people of Palestine even though they
haven't gone a step further to expel the
Israeli Ambassador clearly you ask
yourself if you know uh this is done
within the confines of international law
first of all Israel is an occupying
power Palestinians have every right
under the Geneva Convention
under the UN Charter to resist the
occupation through arms and this is not
the first time we have seen a group of
people or a country take up arms to
resist such brutal repression the
Americans themselves fought the British
to end colonization in the American war
we saw in the Republic of Ireland shame
the IRA fight of the British where
dialogue had failed and they talk about
trying to wipe out um amas in in Gaza
what about the senseless killing of the
innocent in the West Bank in occupied
the Jerusalem nearly 200 people have
been murdered senselessly by apari
Israel you know and I get very upset
when people say do you condemn Hamas and
I asked the question where have they
been because certainly the world did not
start on the um 7th of October we have
seen thousands of Palestinian kids in
prison who have been under detention
without trial all of these have gone on
75 year old occupation you know the
blockade of Gaza that has gone on for
the last 16 years and all of a sudden
people didn't see all of these things
until amass
resisted