the situation in Gaza has reached a
critical point people in the besieged
strip are now reeling under hunger the
United Nations says the desperation is
driving gazin to seize the limited Aid
that is currently arriving in the
Palestinian Enclave with global pressure
growing about the current worsening
situation in Gaza Israel is now allowing
Aid through Kim Shalom border crossing
now this meets only a very small portion
of the need and the situation currently
remains dire on ground the United
Nations said says that the amount of Aid
reaching Gaza has been well below the
amount of 500 trucks that it used to
receive in the pre-war period Israel has
now committed to allowing about 200
trucks a day when first a trucks entered
Gaza on Sunday panic and Chaos gried the
scene people could be seen chasing and
climbing onto them with some Aid boxes
even falling off the truck Reports say
that about 79 a trucks entered Gaza on
Sunday thousands could could be seen
queuing up for food as volunteers from
an organization called Gaza emergency
relief distributed food to
people people and this is also something
completely new people are stopping at a
trucks taking the food and eating it
right away and this is how desperate and
hungry they are and I witness this
firstand
the UN world food program says half of
the population in Gaza is starving many
in Northern Gaza have been cut off from
supplies while Israel's ground offensive
has been hampering the delivery in the
South uh when it comes to the food
security situation we managed to do
during the 7-Day pause a survey uh and
what we found there was that half of the
population uh are starving uh the uh the
Grim reality is also that nine out of 10
people uh uh are not eating enough are
not eating every
day all this while air strikes have
continued across Gaza Reports say that
more than 18,800 have been killed and
more than 50,000 wounded the UN says
that around 1.8 million have been
displaced which means that around 85% %
of the population is now living in
cramped conditions in southern Gaza
impending death is always lurking Aid
agencies fear that Gaza May soon be
overwhelmed by starvation and
death we on world is one is now
available in your country download the
app now and get all the news updates on
the move