now it seems like there's no end to the
war that's taking place between Israel
and Hamas in fact Israel's military
operation in the Gaza Strip has now
intensified in the latest news that's
coming in from the region the IDF has
eliminated one more Hamas Terrorist on
Saturday on the other side are the Gaza
citizens who are now crying for help as
the crisis is worsening for them doctors
are treating patients under the torch in
fact now the Palestinian Health minister
is asking the world to intervene watch
this detailed story
Israeli as strikes and ground operations
intensifies the Israeli Defense Forces
are operating deep inside Gaza territory
as they try to dismantle Hamas Terror
infrastructure on Saturday IDF killed
one more Hamas terrorist the Israeli
forces targeted locations close to
hospitals
uh here in Gaza we facing uh bad uh war
crimes Hospitals now in the north facing
direct bombing from the Israel war
planes there is no spaces for the
patients there is no blood for them and
there is a lot of killed body around the
hospital inside the hospital the killed
body cannot be
contained the humanitarian crisis is
only worsening Medical Teams in Gaza
City Al's Hospital are treating patients
in complete darkness Palestinian Health
Minister has called for immediate
intervention to help Gaza hospitals we
are asking immediately for the for the
intervention of the International
Community and United Nation to intervene
because what is being done right now in
against the hospitals and the medical
staff in in Gaza Strip is against the
international law and the international
humanitarian law against the Geneva
Convention
meanwhile Saudi Arabia is hosting Arab
leaders for a joint Islamic Arab Summit
to pressurize Israel to end the
hostilities in Gaza Bureau report India
today