now in the months since the Israel Hamas
War erupted on October 7th people across
the globe have taken to the streets to
show their support for Palestinians who
are facing unprecedented humanitarian
crisis in the Gaza Strip this as the
United States vetoed a United Nations
security counil resolution calling for
an immediate seiz fire that intense
fighting in Gaza the world has not
turned a blind eye to the suffering of
Palestinians in Gaza jordanians and
yenes Americans and nebane around the
world people protesting against the
heavy to that Israel's bombings are
taking on civilians in Gaza holding
Palestinian Flags in solidarity
supporters are chanting slogans they're
saying it's not war it is genocide
hundreds rallied in New York against the
US veto on the ceasefire resolution
demanding that the Biden Administration
stops its financial aid to Israel
immediately we are
Allan we are Allan New York
to
[Music]
York we are asking for a complete end of
the Israeli aggression on Palestinian
people uh and an end to all the US
complicity whether it's Financial
political or military backing of the
Israeli
genocidal and it makes me very ashamed
that my government is doing this in my
name I would like to see no more funding
no more weapons to Israel that would
stop the situation really fast but until
then unfortunately the people in Gaza
will suffer protesters in Lebanon mostly
women and children also call for an
immediate end permanent seire in Gaza
with tapes on their mouths demonstrators
held mock coffins and fake r bodies as
they gathered in front of the French
Embassy in
[Music]
beut
thousands of people demonstrated in
Yemen's capital S protesters carried
large Palestinian flags and held up
their firearms saying they are ready to
march to
Jerusalem
[Music]
and jordanians gathered near the US
Embassy in Aman asking the American
government and people to support a
ceasefire
weon is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the
move