Wars are fought on many fronts and
battle zones aren't confined to the
theaters of conflict modern-day Wars are
also waged in homes around the world on
our TV screens and
smartphones modern Wars are absolutely
played out in the media indeed it is a
war of public opinion it is a fierce war
of public opinion when we specifically
reference the Palestinian Israeli
conflicts there is a massive war of
information professor ibraim says the
way Waring parties are using the visual
media is strategic and
considered both sides are trying
desperately to Garner sympathy for their
cause and to attract attention to their
plight so uh it it is it is absolutely a
concerted effort and it is is very very
strategic take for example the hostage
and prisoner exchange visuals the images
produced by Hamas show their Fighters
gently guiding elderly women to Red
Cross trucks handing out water hostages
smiling and waving to their captors all
recorded from multiple camera angles
complete with drone Vision on the
opposite side you have dark and rainy
video filmed from a distance at an
Israeli military facility and obscured
by a white privacy tent I think it's an
Undisputed fact that Israel has the
upper hand from a military
perspective
therefore Hames has to counter with
imagery and a narrative that's their
weapon you know it's it's part of their
arsenal when you don't have have uh the
guns and the tanks and the bombs that
will match or measure up to um their
enemy then of course they're going to be
fighting with images Professor Ibrahim
says this narrative isn't only important
in the court of public opinion it can
have a direct impact on the West's
appetite for conflict we're seeing
extremely traumatic imagery coming from
both sides in an attempt to sway public
opinion in their favor which ultimately
will influence policy but until then
every new day will bring a new story of
heartbreak Melinda new seora trt world