the surprise attack stunned Israel and
the world setting off Swift condemnation
from Western leaders including prime
minister Justin Trudeau he tweeted
Canada strongly condemns the current
terrorist attacks against Israel we
stand with Israel and fully support its
right to defend itself opposition leader
Pierre POV also tweeted I unequivocally
condemn the invasion of Israel by Hamas
terrorists and the sadistic violence
they have subsequently carried out
against innocent
civilians we are facing a horrendous
terrorist attacks that has really no
precedent I think in our origion or in
the history British prime minister Rishi
sunak expressed his shock so did
Britain's foreign secretary and the UK
completely condemns these terrorist acts
against uh Israel and we support
Israel's right to self-defense president
of the European Union Commission of vron
called the Hamas incursion pure
terrorism terroris French leader Emanuel
macron discussed the situation with the
prime minister of Israel and the
president of the Palestinian Authority
and pledged his commitment to Israel's
security a stark contrast to the scenes
unfolding in tran celebrations erupted
in the streets after the carefully
coordinated attack by Hamas which is
backed by the Iranian regime next door
in Turkey president erdogan pleaded for
restraint urging all sides to avoid
being impulsive and heightening tensions
the Turks have recently warmed ties with
Israel so have the Saudis who are in
negotiations brokered by the US to
normalize relations with the Israeli
government in a statement the Kingdom of
Saudi Arabia renewed its calls for a
two-state solution and says it made
repeated warning ings of the dangers as
a result of the continued occupation and
the deprivation of Palestinian people
and their legitimate rights Palestinian
leaders say for too long the conflict
has been ignored the world Community has
done nothing to stop an occupation that
has become the longest in modern history
the United Nations is urging maximum
restraint appealing to both sides to
deescalate and stop further
Bloodshed teria isri Global News Ottawa