and the united states on tuesday voiced
concern over israel's decision to build
more residences for jewish settlers in
the occupied west bank saying it will
strongly oppose such expansion on the
palestinian land during a briefing u.s
state department spokesperson ned price
said that the united states is deeply
concerned about the bennett government's
plan to advance thousands of settlement
units in the region
the united states has voiced opposition
saying that the move will damage the
prospects for a two-state solution this
is one of the rare occasions when the
united states has outrightly criticized
israel's expansion ideas in the disputed
region the state department spokesperson
also expressed the concern over israel's
housing ministry's announcement that it
had published tenders to build 1 355
housing units in seven different
settlements across west bank
we're concerned about the publication of
tinders on sunday for 1300 settlement
units
for
1300 settlement units in a number of
west bank settlements
we strongly oppose the expansion of
settlements which is completely
inconsistent with efforts to lower
tensions and to ensure calm and it
damages the prospects for a two-state
solution
the west bank has been occupied by
israel since 1967 six day war
most countries regard israel's west bank
settlement is illegal the new settlement
units add to more than 2 2000 residences
already authorized for west bank
settlers some 475 000 israeli jews live
in these settlements which are
considered illegal under international
law
price's comments on tuesday came as
congress was expected to approve a one
billion dollar
funding for israel's iron dome missile
defense system the funding is an
additional support to the 3.8 billion
dollars which israel gets annually from
the united states as military assistance
tensions between both the countries have
soured a little in the last few weeks
after israel designated six palestinian
ngos as terrorist organizations
beyond is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move