for senior reporter Katherine Norris
Trent who joins us now from rala
Katherine just tell us a bit more about
this sense of international concern for
the people living in Rafa what have you
been
hearing well the un's coordinator
humanitarian coordinator for the Middle
East there speaking to us really
outlined the concerns and he's been on
the ground on numerous missions to Gaza
since this war started and seen it
firsthand this huge city which has
sprung up in the in the southern area of
Gaza where nearly one and a half million
people have flooded in living in the
most precarious conditions in tents
there's not enough food he talked to us
about how the aid tracks trucks that
they are managing to get into Gaza which
is a very long and tricky process often
they're attacked by protesters on both
sides of the Border well as soon as they
get through they're often set upon and
looted by people desperate for food and
armed gangs so he's is extremely
concerned about delivering Aid where
it's needed right now but he outlined
you know this echo's concerns in the
rest of the International Community just
what a catastrophe that could be going
forward if there was a ground offensive
there as Israeli government Minister
Benny gance has said Could Happen by the
month of Ramadan next month and there
are also fears you know not just from
the daily and nightly bombing and lack
of food and water but about secondary
problems to do with disease and
malnutrition and people there dying
basically because they can't get the
care that they need so really
underlining there the concerns of the UN
and of large parts of the International
Community about the increasingly dire
situation in Gaza okay well thank you
very much indeed for that France 24 is
Katherine Norris Trent in rala thank
you