the prime minister of Israel's office
says that Hamas has burnt uh children uh
the very disturbing images have in fact
been shared on Twitter uh with a a
warning over there and these images have
also been shared uh to the US to the
visiting uh uh us uh secretary Mr
blinken um that is obviously a huge
concern on atrocities against children a
point that has been coming up over the
last 24 hours uh which has now been
confirmed
all right we're going to go across to
ndtv's kadamani Sharma who joins us at
the stage uh kadamani this is an
important uh you know point which has
just coming in the last little while uh
the Israeli Prime Minister's office has
uh you know I mean confirmed uh that
there have been atrocities which have
taken place against children what
details of this can you
share Kaz go
ahead
pictures which have been released by
prime minister of Israel office from the
official handle and these are the
pictures of babies who have been killed
and these are quite disturbing pictures
horrifying pictures as a matter of fact
now these are the pictures which the
Prime Minister Benjamin nanyu apparently
showed us Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin now this becomes important in
the context that when it was reported
first about babies being burned and
killed there were like uh several people
were questioning whether it was it
really did happen now there were some
retractions about the detailing of these
uh these killings but now uh it has come
directly from prime minister's office
prime minister of Israel's office he has
posted the picture as well and there are
three pictures which are so disturbing
that it cannot be put on air but these
are the pictures which he has shown
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin of us
and uh this is uh it's looks as if it
has been presented as a as a proof of
what Hamas did in the southern towns
where they went around on a rampage the
terrorist went around on a rampage and
slaughtered families and people so these
are just a few pictures which have been
shared uh most of us haven't seen these
pictures and they have not been shared
publicly like this before but now from
the offcial handle of prime minister of
Israel these pictures have been shared
and very disturbing pictures very
horrifying pictures have been shared and
these are now in front of
the