for these reasons the court indicates
the following provisional
measures one by 15 votes to two the
state of Israel shall in accordance with
its obligations under the convention on
the prevention and Punishment of the
crime of genocide in relation to the
Palestinians in Gaza take all measures
within its power to prevent the
commission of all acts within the scope
of article two of the convention in
particular a killing members of the
group
B causing serious bodily or mental harm
to members of the group C deliberately
inflicting on the group conditions of
Life calculated to bring about its
physical destruction in whole or in part
and D imposing measures intended to
prevent births within the group the
state of Israel shall take all measures
within its power to prevent and punish
the direct and public incitement to
commit genocide in relation to members
of the Palestinian group in the Gaza
Strip 16 votes to one the state of
Israel shall take immediate and
effective measures to ensure the
provision of urgently needed basic
services and humanitarian assistance to
address the adverse conditions of Life
faced by Palestinians in the Gaza
Strip
what the changes in India's population
and the differential growth rate
rationals about why it's not ending
what's your rationale we have a very
special guest on the record the
interview the role that the U us side
played at that point of
time zume my phone is tapped I can
probably say hello to
Mr Pakistan has a unique negotiating the
rising confidence of India under prime
minister Narendra Modi communist China
is the greatest threat there will come a
day that we will see far more radical
extremist I'm uh I'm still a little
perplexed by why we
have your daily dose of news from India
and across the world Cutting Edge views
and
Analysis tune in to HT videos click on
the Bell icon to subscribe