amid the ongoing Israel Hamas War the
World Health Organization has issued a
warning it says that diseases could kill
more people in Gaza than bombs itself
Israel's continuous bombing in the Gaza
Strip it's paralyzed all key sanitation
services in the strip raising the
prospect of a
serious surge in infections diseases
among the local population our next
report gets you all the
details Israel's assault on the Gaza
Strip has already killed more than 15
,000 people many of them in devastating
air strikes that have turned
neighborhoods into Rubble but the World
Health Organization warns that even more
people could die from disease than from
bombs if the besieged enclaves health
system is not repaired uh no medicines
no vaccination activities no access to
Safe Water and hygiene and no food who
spokesperson Margaret Harris on Tuesday
said the agency is already seeing a
dangerous surge in diarrhea in
Palestinian children we saw a very high
number of cases of diarrhea among
infants um and again there was no
Treatment available for them you know if
you have a a child with diarrhea you
need to give them rehydration to in
order to keep them going until they get
better and if you're not able to do that
they can die very quickly from
dehydration Harris added that nearly
3ars of hospitals or 26 out of 36 have
shut down entirely in Gaza due to
bombings or lack of fuel under the terms
of a pause in fighting Israel has
allowed more Aid to flow into Gaza
including food water and Medicine
although Aid agencies say it is not
enough to meet the immense needs James
Elder is a spokesperson for Unicef was
only coming here I I expected the worst
in coming and I was surprised that it
was even worse than I'd imagined
hospitals for children hospitals full
stop are War zones I see children with
with horrendous wounds of war in car
parks on makeshift mattresses uh in
gardens everywhere doctors having to
make horrendous decisions on you know
who they prioritize Israel has sworn to
annihilate Hamas the militant group that
rules Gaza after its gunmen burst
through the Border killing 12200 people
and seizing 240 captives on October 7th
Theon is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move