they came in the dead of night Israeli
forces creeping through the occupied
West Bank Town of Janine where streets
were lit only by the headlights of their
tanks their target said to be another
Palestinian
Hospital video from social media
appeared to show Medics being ordered
out of the ibben sin Hospital which
Israel had demanded be evacuated
immediately Israeli police released
footage they claimed showed weapons
found in a car nearby the Israeli Army
later claimed it had killed at least
five Palestinians during the night Hamas
said only three had
died locals awoke to the remnants of the
raid unable to walk through town without
seeing blood without walking past bullet
holes in homes or scrambling over what
was a road just a day
[Music]
before some had been seized during the
raid this man said he was put on his
knees blindfolded while around a dozen
soldiers took photos and painted the
Israeli flag on his
wall khed Al Ahmed was one of the Medics
forced out of the
hospital they called us out with
speakers told us to raise our hands so
we did they checked our IDs took some of
us to the car including me they asked me
my name where I'm from did the ambulance
belong to me then they told us to move
our vehicles into the middle of the
cross
fire hundreds later walk through the
streets for the funerals of those killed
children yet again forced to watch the
burials of Fathers and Sons brothers and
uncles more than 11,000 Palestinians
have been killed in Gaza since October
the 7th but at least 200 have also been
killed in the occupied West
Bank the Janine raid came as Palestinian
prime minister muhamed welcomed Europe's
top Diplomat for a meeting in ramala
Joseph Burell said he was concerned
concerned about growing violence not
just in Gaza but in the occupied West
Bank as well I discuss also with my
Israeli counterpart
yesterday and everybody should be aware
that uh there is an up search of settled
terrorism since October
7 since the beginning of the year
421 Palestinian has been killed in the
Western
Bank day or night in the occupied West
Bank as in Gaza for Palestinians the
horror of the current situation shows no
end join trt
world