hael Zimmerman was visiting Israel from
Brazil when he attended the Nova music
festival with two other friends a couple
named hanani and hella as they were
dancing they started hearing what
sounded like fireworks and I looked at
you up and I saw a lot of rockets so we
started to run we saw a car in the
middle of the road they took us to the
bunker it's like a bunker in the middle
of the street just to protect from the
Rockets so it doesn't have a door after
30 minutes with started to listen a lot
of shoots in direction of the bunker I
started to feel the shoots in the
another side in the wall you know then
something's going to
happen and you cannot do
anything we are dead what can we do
first of all they throw a gas in 30
seconds you cannot breathe it's
impossible to breathe impossible in my
mind just passed the Holocaust when the
Jews was dying with a gas everybody in
the shelter became crazy so the people
in the front came to the to the end of
the the shelter the shelter is really
small it's not for 40 person this for 20
persons so you don't have air you don't
have space I think a lot of people died
with the guess we came inside and they
started to shoot and they they started
to to throw grenades inside in my mind
just pass okay I'm going to die so
please go fast I don't want to be k
kidnapp it like for me this the worst
thing in the world if they see that I am
alive I am died so I I stayed all the
time with the eyes closed pretending
that I was dead the middle of the
bodies I saw my friend hanani he was
like I have to do something I have to do
something so he moved it to the front of
the bunker to try to protect us he's a
hero and after some minutes I saw him
being
shoted I saw him screaming and this is
the last the
last the last thing that I saw inside
that I
remember so when I came out from the
bunker I saw like a lot of people on
fire pieces of people like separated
like this is not normal they took the
life like nothing like nothing nine
other people came out alive he estimates
there were around 40 people
inside Rafaela became outside also so
thanks God so she's alive she started to
scream her boyfriend names hanani my
friend she feels like I want to be die
not be alive I wanted to go with him for
her the life now is nothing without
him yeah was really hard really
hard