it's hard work and requires a lot of
skill but fishing in Gaza is not
financially viable these days for the
local industry we are in despair the
Israeli soldiers restrict us when we
head north when we get closer the
soldiers at the sea Frontiers they begin
to harass shoot and spray water at us
when we had the sea open for us to fish
for 15 miles up north they didn't bother
us but one day a lot six miles they
began to restrict us a lot Israel's
policy of continuing harassment has
continued for the last 16 years
in recent time it appears to have
intensified as more hard-line ministers
are now in charge of key government
positions
causes fishing officials believe it's
part of a deliberate and carefully
planned campaign
the occupation forces have deliberately
destroyed the fishing sector in several
ways firstly through the severe and
suffocating Naval blockade imposed on
fishermen the manipulation of marine
locations as well as daily attacks
against fishermen these include arrests
in the destruction of fishing boats and
tearing the fishing net support as well
as preventing purchase of fishing gear
in the past year alone 64 fishermen were
arrested 23 bows were confiscated and 24
fishermen were injured
gaza's fishermen also save fuel prices
and lack of spare parts due to the
blockade have also had a big impact
despite the difficulties some are
hopeful that better days will come
at these are my love for fishing and
Palestine Palestinian fishermen are the
best most skilled and strongest I hope
that they will open all routes for the
Palestinian fishermen so he can go north
and south because the fish are found
deep in the sea to the North and South
gaza's Maritime borders are only 40
kilometers there's not a lot of fish
it's not like it extends from Rafa to
the borders
fishing is a vital industry in gaza's
economy but the blockade has stifled it
causing misery for the Palestinian
fishermen
DRT world