meanwhile Israel has vowed to achieve
its Gaza Ambitions despite world leaders
calling for an imediate ceasefire
Israeli guns and bombs are flying into
the Palestinian strip and on receiving
on on the receiving end are over 2
million people well the Israeli
offensive has triggered acute levels of
hunger in Gaza the situation is so bad
that the starving people are forced to
eat wild plants our next report gets you
more on this
as the UN Security Council demanded an
immediate ceasefire in Gaza on Monday
relief for its residents was drifting
further from reach Palestinians are
forced to forage for food with famine
inching closer in The
Enclave Mohammad shahade says he risks
his life to scr for this leafy wild
plant known as kza a variety of what in
English is called common mow he sells it
in the market but that and lemons are
all his own own family have to
eat my young children asked to eat but
what do I have besides kza I cook it and
they eat it with spoons without
bread it's a similar story from Maria
malata who says Israelis have shot at
her and her husband when they went to
pick hza in the
East all our lives even through Wars we
have not eaten hober my daughters tell
me we want to eat bread mother my heart
breaks for them I can't find a piece of
bread for them I go and gather some
huiza we found Kua for now but in the
future where will we get it from Kua
will run out where do we
turn it's also the middle of the holy
month of Ramadan when millions of
Muslims around the world fast from
sunrise to sunset before enjoying large
dinners with their extended families and
watching special television shows Garin
however are fasting on empty stomachs
save for some hober for now this woman
says she and her family are dizzy from
hunger and consumed by cravings for
vegetables fish and meat the foraging is
another reminder of the suffering
throughout the Palestinian Enclave in
the 5 months of war that has followed
hamas's bloody October 7th attack on
Israel in mid-march the integrated food
security phase classification which
monitors the world's hunger said famine
is imminent and likely to occur in
Northern Gaza by May possibly spreading
across the Enclave by
July for all the latest news download
the weon app And subscribe to our
YouTube channel