[Music]
[Music]
WI
[Music]
hey
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
YY
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
you
[Music]
the Army continues to prepare for the
next stage of the war the Manu the
forces are in the field training
organizing studying researching studying
everything that has happened in the
fighting so far and the lessons they
must learn beyond that we constantly
continue the logistical effort in order
to arrive as best as possible to enter
the
maneuver
we are prepared in defense and offensive
and continue to manage our fire power
and fighting in the northern command in
a balanced and responsible
manner the ministry of Defense National
Emergency Authority and the IDF
announced the morning that kir chuma
will join the evacuation plan for State
subsidized guest houses the program will
be managed by the National Emergency
Authority the local Authority and the
ministry of Tourism this kind of
evacuation which has already been done
in several localities on the northern
border allows the isra Defense Forces to
expend the operational freedom of action
against the terrorist organization
Hezbollah so far notices has been given
to the families of 306 fallen soldiers
and the families of 203 abductees in
addition according to idf's data there
are more than 100 who are considered as
missing this number may change as the
effort to identify the bodies
continues
for
so so on that point why haven't you gone
into Gaza
yet the Army has green light it needs
and I'm not going to discuss over the
media the Israeli military
plans sorry forgive the followup but
that's a political question no it's not
a political question the decision will
come from politicians no it's not a
political question it's a the the
Israeli government made a decision gave
Green Light to the Army wiped them out
and now it's in the hands of the army
we care about every one of them deeply
Israel is very well known for uh taking
care of our hostages and our soldiers we
will do many many things that other
countries
won't it is one of the goals of this
operation but the primary goal is to
eliminate Kamas off the map and if they
want any uh um any concessions from us
anything they need
they first have to release the hostages
negotiating with Kamas on the hostages
is not going to be from a weak position
it's going to be from a very powerful
position