Israel says it will allow food water and
medicine for civilians in Gaza through
the border with Egypt under one
condition that none of these items reach
Hamas The First Agreement on Aid came
during US President Joe Biden's Israel
trip for a show of solidarity with
Israel ponu with the
latest following talks between US
President Joe Biden and Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Wednesday
the prime minister's office announced it
would not prevent aid from entering Gaza
through its border with Egypt the
Israeli government stressed that relief
should only reach civilians in Gaza
adding food water and medicine will be
the only supplies allowed through it
also said it would maintain a blockade
of humanitarian aid from Israel into
Gaza until hostages being held by Hamas
are released and despite a US veto of a
UN resolution condemning all violence
against civilians in the war between
Israel and Hamas and urging human
itarian aid for Gaza Biden followed up
talks with Netanyahu with a pledge to
support both Israel and Gaza he said he
is considering a supplementary request
to Congress for some 100 billion US for
defense assistance with some of those
funds to be used for Israel and he also
said he would send around $100 million
in humanitarian Aid to Gaza regarding
the deadly explosion at the Ali Arab
Hospital in Gaza on Tuesday Biden said
that it appears Israel was not
responsible for the
blast according to a National Security
Council spokesperson the assessment that
another Palestinian militant group
caused the explosion was made based on
data including intelligence missile
activity and open-source video and
images of the incident meanwhile also on
Wednesday the US Treasury Department
announced sanctions against nine
individuals in one entity in places
including Gaza Sudan and quatar over
suspicions they have links to Hamas
treasur secretary Janet Yellen noted the
United States is taking Swift and
decisive action to Target hamas's
financiers and facilitators following
its brutal and unconscionable Massacre
of Israeli civilians including children
ponu arang news