Israel is reeling a nation in deep shock
and
grief Where Have You Been he screams at
the soldiers it's the question all
Israelis want answered after their enemy
caught their military completely
unawares
my brother my brother he cries killed
today by
Hamas he died in
this midm morning on an Israeli Highway
Hamas Fighters engaged in a firefight
with Israeli soldiers civilians carrying
inside their
cars the morning after Israel's worst
ever day of Civilian casualties and the
killing goes on 15 Israelis reported
dead in this
shootout Israel says it's killed all the
Hamas militants here but how many more
are on the
loose what's happened here Bears out the
threat by Hamas commanders to take their
fight Beyond Gaza inside Israel not just
the communities around Gaza but further
a field they say as far as Jerusalem and
into the occupied West
Bank down the road more sign of hamas's
Rampage ashalon is a city on edge like
communities across Southern Israel where
soldiers are trying to hunt down the
enemy and there is the constant threat
from the
air iik and Kan show us what's left of
their backyard destroyed by a Hamas
rocket they told us Gaza must now be
erased from the map
Gaza should be deleted all the land take
down all the buildings that's what you
should do to all of Gaza the ones who
want Terror the ones who want to kill
take them out we don't want them here we
want
peace they're fleeing their homes
seeking safety in the north of the
country Israel's military says it'll
make their lives safe
again preparing to go into Gaza on the
ground but Hamas has caught Israel
unawares and raised its game
neutralizing that threat will be long
and hard Dominic waghorn Sky News in
ashalon