what happened uh on October 7th uh this
uh big Act of terrorism the subsequent
happenings after that uh this has taken
the entire region into a very different
[Music]
[Music]
direction
[Music]
what happened uh on October 7th uh this
uh big Act of terrorism of the
subsequent happenings after that uh this
has taken the entire region into a very
different direction but surely it must
be everybody's hope that eventually you
know the the conflict cannot be the
normal of that region that it comes back
to some stability some cooperation and
within within this we have to find a
balance between different issues because
uh there's no question I mean if there
is a issue of terrorism and we all find
terrorism unacceptable we have to stand
up on
teris but there is also an issue of
Palestine uh there has to be a solution
for what what is uh you know the
problems which face the Palestinian
people and our view is that it has to be
a two-state uh solution if you have to
find the solution you have to find the
solution through dialogue and
negotiation you cannot find a solution
through conflict and terrorism so we
would support uh that as well and given
the current situation you know what is
happening there we do believe that
International humanitarian law must be
respected by everybody uh so uh you know
in any complex situation uh it is not
wise to only you know to to not get the
balance right I think that is a very
important part of addressing uh a very
uh difficult uh uh and complicated uh
[Music]
situation what the changes in India's
popul and the differential growth rate
rationals about why it's not ending
what's your rationale we have a very
special guest on the record the
interview the rule that the US side
played at that point of
time zume my phone is tapped I can
probably say hello to Mr
Modi Pakistan has a unique negotiating
the rising confidence of India under
prime minister Narendra Modi communist
China is the greatest threat there will
come a day that we will see far more
radical extremist I'm uh I'm still a
little perplexed by why we
have your daily dose of news from India
and across the world Cutting Edge views
and
Analysis tune in to HT videos click on
the Bell icon to
subscribe