topon news at this hour tensions are
escalating in West Asia the militant
group hezb leader Hassan nasala has
assured or issued a renewed chilling
warning to Israel the leader of Le
lebanon's Iran backed group says that
teran's retaliation is inevitable and
that the suspected Israeli attack on the
Iranian Embassy in Syria was a turning
point the warnings has put Israel and
its longtime Ally the US on high alert
according to reports the United States
is on high alert they're preparing for a
possible attack by Iran targeting
Israeli or American Assets in the region
at the same time Israel has also issued
a red Al the country has increased its
security aler to the highest
level according to reports Israel has
initiated an urgent evacuation of its
consulat the precautionary measure
includes relocating some Israeli
diplomatic representatives to safer
locations and Advising against the
organization of public
events the decision taken by us and
Israel comes on the backdrop of a
written message where Iran asked the US
to step aside if it doesn't want to get
dragged into Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin netanyahu's trap as the country
prepares a response to a suspected
Israeli attack on its Consulate in
Syria while Hezbollah its main proxy in
West Asia has warned Israel that it is
prepared for war in an address to
supporters to Mark alad's day or Al K's
day the militant group's leader say the
mar of violating Iranian sovereignity is
above all political
differences he says they support Iran's
right to punish Israel while also
stating that a response was
coming the issue of the Iranian
consulate is a turning point in the
events that occurred from October 7th
till today be certain be sure that the
Iranian response to the targeting of
consulate and D us is definitely coming
against
Israel theah Chief is not alone in
issuing a warning to Israel Iran too had
vowed to take a Revenge Teran says their
response to the attack will be
decisive this failure of the Israeli
regime in Gaza will definitely continue
as well as these desperate efforts like
what they did in Syria of course they
will be slapped for this action for all
the latest news download the weon app
And subscribe to our YouTube channel