well cynics might say that prime
minister Pedro Sanchez has a lot more to
gain from focusing on International
Affairs at the moment because uh in
domestic policy he does have to rely on
the support of Catalan and Basque
Separatists so uh that is very expensive
for him indeed in the runup uh to those
Basque Regional elections elections in
Catalonia and of course the European
Union elections in June um however it's
also very clear uh that santh speaks for
a lot of the Spanish population uh which
is very much Pro Palestinian
traditionally and there have been
historical tensions in um with the
relationship with Israel a lot of that
uh is based on the fact that Spain
borders North Africa and during that uh
Franco dictatorship that went on for
four decades and finished in
1975 uh Franco fostered relationships uh
with many Arab countries in part in a
reaction uh to the isolation of uh the
Western countries uh that he was
receiving and now uh those official
relations with Israel didn't start until
1986 and uh that was partly really due
to Israel's reluctance uh to engage uh
with Spain to allow it into for instance
uh the United Nations because of the
country's former uh backing for the Nazi
regime H now um you'll remember that
there was even as back uh as far as 2014
uh there was a call by the Spanish uh
Parliament under uh the conservative
government of marianao rahoy um to uh
call for the recognition of uh the state
of Palestine for the Spanish government
to recognize Palestinian statehood um
and we've seen really uh that Spain has
been more critical of Israel's um war in
Gaza and that has stepped up in recent
uh days and weeks uh particularly after
those uh seven Aid workers uh from World
Central Kitchen uh were killed U many uh
Spaniards highly aware that that is a
charity uh which is headed up by the
Spanish Chef uh Jose Andres