first up the Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu has reportedly
adopted the national security minister
itar benavi position to limit the entry
of Arab Israelis to the AL AKA compound
during Ramadan the Muslim holy month is
expected to begin on the March 10th the
alaka compound has long been a flasho
for deadly violence over matters of
sovereignity and religion in Jerusalem
reports suggest the shinb security
agency oppos Ben's position position in
favor of limitations saying no curbs
should be placed on Arab Israelis
Israeli Outlets have reported the Shin
Bet warned the government that
prohibiting Palestinians from entering
the al- AKA mosque during Ramadan could
lead to Major disturbances the alaka
lies at the heart of Jerusalem's old
city on the hill known to Jews as Temple
Mount and the M Muslims internationally
as the Al Haram Al Sharif or the Noble
Sanctuary Muslims regard the site as the
third holiest in Islam after Mecca and
Medina Al AKA is the name given to the
whole compound it is home to two Muslim
holy places the Dome of rock and the al-
AA mosque also known as the Ki mosque
which was built in the 8th Century uh ad
and the compound overlooks the Western
ball a sacred place for prayer for the
Jews For Whom The Temple Mount is there
most sacred site Jews believe biblical
King Solomon built the first temple
there 3,000 years ago the second temple
was raised by the Romans in ad70 Israel
captured the site in the 1967 B and
annexed it with the rest of East
Jerusalem and adjoining parts of West
Bank in a move to not not recognized
internationally for all the latest news
download the Von app And subscribe to
our YouTube channel