six days after the surprise Hamas attack
on Israel and the Israeli military
retaliation the current state of War
brought life to a stand still in
Jerusalem the usual hustle and bustle of
salahadin Street the only Palestinian
Commercial Street in occupied East
Jerusalem is missing with customers not
venturing out shopkeepers say it's not
worth
opening conditions are very bad what
happened struck the backbone of the
city's economy we are talking about war
and there is an emergency the economy is
destroyed movement has been paralyzed
people are in their homes schools are
closed and shopping is completely
non-existent the famous Damascus gate
one of the main gates to the old city is
typically busy with people trying to get
to work their homes or simply just go
shopping but these days will'll be hard
pressed to find people sitting on its
steps the narrow ancient Alleyways
leading to the Church of the Holy cprl
are early quiet it's usually packed with
tourists and locals and shopkeepers
struggle to keep busy the war has also
impacted Jaffa Street in West Jerusalem
one of the busiest thorough fars in the
city where cafes and restaurants usually
packed but locals and tourists are
staying away for fear rockets in the
West part of the city Israelis Echo the
same concern security is on high alert
and police officers are everywhere
because of this war my friend this war
it's not uh it's not good for anybody
obviously yeah it's this this street is
packed every day every other day it's
packed and yeah there's not many people
outside and I I bet everyone who is uh
outside is probably doing something for
the soldiers with fulls scale War
looming residents of the holy city fear
the security situation will make people
prisoners in their own homes Muhammad
Alim trt World occupied East
[Music]
Jerusalem