after Canada Sweden it's now announced
that it will resume funding to the unrwa
the development it comes after 16
countries and this includes the United
States they paused funds to the UN
agency this was after Israel Accused at
least 12 of its staffers of being
involved in the October 7th Mass attacks
Sweden will give the unrwa half of the
$38 million funding it promised for this
year with more to come and in return
it's called for more checks on the
spending of funds as well as its
staffers the country's reverse came as a
ship bearing tons of humanitarian Aid
Was preparing to leave Cyprus for Gaza
International donors have launched a c
Corridor to supply a to besieged Gaza
Sweden's funding decision followed
similar ones by the European Union and
Canada as the unrwa warned that it is
left without funding it will leave Gaza
with even less medical and other
assistance on the eve of Ramadan Hungary
Gaza residents they scrambled for
packages of Food Supplies which were
been dropped by the United States and
Jordanian milit military planes
humanitarian groups call the delivery
deeply inadequate compared to the ground
deliveries but the daily number of eight
trucks entering Gaza since the war has
been below the 500 that used to enter
Gaza before the
attacks the United Nations it's launched
an investigation and unw it's been
agreeing to outside audits to win back
Tona support on the other hand the
Israel foreign Ministry said in a
statement that the return to funding of
unrwa will not change the fact that the
organization is part of the problem and
not the
solution for latest news download the
Von app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel