at least 300 people were killed after a
Gaza Hospital came under attack many are
feared to be trapped under the rubble
even now Hamas has called this attack a
genocide even as Israel denies any role
behind the strike now following the
deadly air strike Palestinian president
Palestinian leadership mmud Abbas has
declared 3 days of mourning for the
victims injured men injured women and
children are being carried to Gaza
City's alifa hospital now which is about
1.5 kilometers away from the alari Ari
Hospital Palestinian civil defense has
called the bombing on Al Ali Hospital
Israel's deadliest air strike since 2008
Israel's Defense Forces on the other
hand have blamed the strike on Islamic
Jihad movement the IDF has also released
a footage purportedly backing their
claim now the IDF maintains that the
attack to be the responsibility of
Islamic
Jihad
I can confirm that an analysis of the
IDF operational systems indicates that a
barriage of rockets was fired by
terrorists in Gaza passing in close
proximity to the alali AL Mii Hospital
in Gaza at the time it was hit
intelligence from few sources that we
have in our hands indicates that the
Islamic Jihad is responsible for the
failed rocket launch which hid the
hospital in Gaza I repeat this is the
responsibility of Islamic Jihad that
killed Innocents in the hospital in Gaza
reacting to the developments Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu shared
a tweet here he said the entire world
should know that it was barbaric
terrorists in Gaza that attacked the
hospital and not the Israeli Defense
Forces he added that those who brutally
murdered our children also murder their
own
children
[Music]
what