our top story at this hour the Hui
Rebels have claimed one of their most
significant strikes since they started
mounting attacks at ships in the Red Sea
the Iran link Rebels have targeted two
US ships in the Gulf of aen they claim
the hits were
accurate with the help of God Almighty
the naval forces of the yemeni Armed
Forces carried out two qualitative
military operations in which they
targeted two American ships in the Gulf
of Aden the first was C champion and the
other was the Navas Fortuna the
targeting was carried out with a number
of appropriate Naval missiles and the
hits were accurate and direct thanks to
God now according to the rebel group in
one of the attacks missiles damaged a
bise flagship forcing the crew to
abandon the vessel The Vessel was said
to be traveling through the babal mandb
strait that connects the Red Sea and the
Gulf of aen
while another ship reportedly came twice
under attack in the Gulf of aen this
recent attack carried out by the rebel
group is brought the total number of
attacks on four to four only in the last
24 hours including one targeting a
British ship which resulted in its
complete sinking and one targeting a US
mq9 drone near the Red Sea port city of
Heda although according to reports the
Pentagon is still quote unquote
investigating the cause of a crashed
American Military surveillance drone off
the coast of Yemen meanwhile the US
military says it is conducting new air
strikes targeting the rebels including
one that targeted the First houi
underwater drone seen since the rebels
began launching attacks on International
Shipping in
November am miss the ongoing crisis in
the Red Sea Egypt's President Abdul
fatal CI says the Swiss Canal which used
to earn about 10 billion dollar a year
has seen its Revenue drop by 40 to 50%
the canal is of the main sources of
foreign currency for Egypt which is
gripped by a severe financial
crisis for latest news download the Von
app And subscribe to our YouTube channel