houti Rebels on Sunday claim to have
seized an Israeli cargo ship in the
southern Red Sea however Tel Aviv denied
ownership of the vessel and said there
were no Israelis among its
crew
renewing the threat to Target All Ships
belonging to or dealing with Tel Aviv
the rebel group spokesperson called on
all countries whose citizens work in the
Red Sea to stop any activity with
Israeli ships or ships rent Ed by
Israelis hours earlier Israeli Defense
Forces stated that hoties took control
of the cargo ship near Yemen in the
southern Red Sea adding The Vessel was
heading from Tura to India the Israeli
Defense Forces warned that the hijacking
was a very grave incident with global
consequences as per media reports the
detained cargo ship is registered to a
British company with partial ownership
linked to an Israeli
entrepreneur the Israeli Prime
Minister's office claimed that the ship
was seized by the Iran backed hooti
Rebels at the request of tan Iran is yet
to respond to the
accusations now Tokyo said it was
seeking the early release of crew
members Japan's Chief cabinet secretary
told a regular news conference there
were no Japanese Nationals on board the
nipon yusen operated ship the Galaxy
leader
Israeli officials insisted the ship was
British owned and Japanese operated
however ownership details in public
shipping date bases Associated the
ship's owners with the rayar carriers
founded by Abraham Ramy unar who is
known as one of the richest people in
Israel now unar told news agency
Associated Press that he was aware of
the incident but could not comment as he
awaited
details a ship linked to him experienced
an explosion in 2021 in the Gulf of Oman
Israeli media blamed it on Iran at the
time Hamas meanwhile thanked the yeni
rebels
the Israeli military has deployed
additional ships in the Red Sea to deal
with threats from the hooti Rebels the
htis have claimed repeated missile and
drone attacks at Israel ever since the
start of the Israel Hamas War the ameni
rebels are considered one of the many
possible new war fronts that could erupt
during the crisis the houti militia has
controlled much of Yemen's North
including the Strategic red SE Port City
of Heda since the Civil War erupted in
late
[Music]
2014