the town of Vere nabela northeast of
Jerusalem has been living in the shadow
for 15 years its economy was booming in
the 1990s when the town linked Jerusalem
to many cities in the occupied West Bank
it looks more like a ghost town now
since the Israeli government ordered the
building of the separation wall in 2002
the wall has blocked the town's main
road limiting access to people and
products hundreds of shops have closed
their doors and thousands of townspeople
have left Carpenter Medhat courage' is
one of a few who decided to keep his
business open but it's very different to
when he rented the workshop in the year
2000 and employed nine workers now the
only carpenters there are him and his
partner like the town's economy their
business has been cut right back this is
one of the most vivid areas in beer
nabela we're a few meters away from an
Israeli industrial area this area was
bustling with businesses and people
going back and forth
now we rely on a few customers the
contrast between the two sides of the
wall can be seen vividly here and also
heard on the Israeli side there is the
loud noise of construction works on the
Palestinian side that silence as
Palestinians are being pushed out on
their side of the world because of land
confiscation more Israelis are taking
advantage such as a - re tikva
settlement in the north of the occupied
West Bank an Israeli military order
confiscated Palestinian lands there for
building the wall Israelis built a
stable on it palestinian fears have
increased since Israel's Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu announced plans to
annex parts of the West Bank if you died
way ahead of the main goal in the
Israeli agenda is to grab more lands
push more people out especially those
living in East Jerusalem the wall helps
Israel build more settlements extend the
existing ones and consolidate them in
the Palestinian territory around 65% of
the Israeli separation wall is complete
the rest is under construction and when
it's finished is expected to take up to
10 percent of all land in the occupied
West Bank
many Palestinians say the main purpose
of Israel's policy is to make life so
unbearable they have no option but to
leave meda ibrahim al jazeera the
occupied West Bank