and negotiations for ceasefire in the
Middle East are ongoing even though both
sides in the conflict are downplaying
the US president's optimism Israeli
officials say they were caught off guard
by Joe Biden's claims of a breakthrough
deal by Monday and Hamas says there are
still major gaps here's ctv's Annie
Berra
Oliver after nearly five months of
fighting a pause may be near the US
President says he hopes a ceasefire will
be announced by Monday you got a at Le a
principal agreement there will be a
ceasefire while that takes place
ramadan's coming up and there's been an
agreement by the Israelis that they
would not engage in activities during
Ramadan as well in order to give us time
to get all the hostages out negotiators
are in Qatar this week trying to pin
down the terms of that draft agreement
which Builds on discussions last week we
are pushing hard for the proposals put
forward and the agreement that took
place in palis to uh to take uh Place
Israel has reportedly agreed to a 40-day
ceasefire but Hamas is still considering
the proposal the deal reportedly
includes the release of 40 Israeli
hostages as well as 400 Palestinian
detainees 500 Aid trucks a day would be
allowed into Gaza and both sides would
stop all military operations with the
IDF moving troops out of densely
populated areas Mr Biden was getting a
little ahead of events because it does
sound as if the the two parties to the
conflict are actually still fairly far
apart is's prime minister today
suggested he would continue the war
until complete Victory saying he has
consistently resisted International
pressure to end the war ahead of its
time Israel has signaled it intends to
launch a ground offensive in Rafa where
residents appear mixed on their desire
for a
ceasefire if the truce is like the
previous one and they would start War
again after it is over we don't want it
this man
says this woman says she hopes it will
be a permanent ceasefire we don't want
to back to war the last ceasefire deal
in November collapsed after just 7 days
with accusations of bad faith Omar
coming from both sides all right anyy
thank you