[Music]
plunged into Eerie
Darkness endless tragedies on the ground
obscured by the longest Communications
blackout imposed on the Strip thus far
what little video is still able to reach
the world paints a troubling
picture at the alaza hospital in Gaza
South not only one of the last still
functioning here but also where the
World Health Organization says some 7
th000 people were
Sheltering families yet again have been
forced to flee civilians and patients
seen here carrying their children and
belongings as Israeli forces who said
they were targeting a Hamas rocket
launched against the Ida from the
hospital complex close
in there was Heavy fire at the N
hospital and in the vicinity we seeing
huge violent bombings here we've been
trying to share video of what is
happening from the highest point at the
hospital but but as you can see the
bombardment is severe Israel maintains
it is targeting Hamas infrastructure and
tunnels where hostages are said to have
been held which Hamas
denies as the sun rises in Gaza the
death toll also
climbs families carrying the bodies of
those who did not survive the
night my life my life this mother cries
over her
child tiny bodies wrapped in shrouds
carried in the arms of bar parents now
amongst the more than 10,000 children
said to have been killed in a war they
had no parting those figures provided by
the Hamas run Health Ministry in Gaza
grew more shocking with each passing day
more than 24,000 people killed in just
over 3 months Israel says that some
9,000 Hamas Fighters were among the Dead
the CNN is unable to independently ver
ver ify this
claim these were peaceful people they
were sleeping in their homes the
Israelis told us to go to the South so
we came but there's no safe place in
Gaza not in the South not in the North
not in the middle every area is being
struck everywhere is
dangerous the vast majority of gaza's
2.3 million population are now
internally displaced concentrated in the
South where Israel's bombardment is only
intensifying beond unfolding catastrophe
in Gaza now characterized by the un's
humanitarian office as a stain on the
world's Collective conscience a war they
say conducted with almost no regard for
the impact on civilian life and now with
little Aid getting into the strip a war
that is pushing Gaza past the brink of
famine Ned Bashir CN in beut