a new United Nations report out this
morning says Israel so far has not
provided evidence to back its claims
that a number of the un's Palestinian
refugee agency workers were involved
with Hamas the review found anra is
operating with robust Frameworks to
ensure neutrality but the Israeli
allegations against staff are still
being investigated meanwhile the head of
Israel's Military Intelligence has steep
down over the October 7th military
failures and some say it could set the
stage for more res Nations Isabella
Higgins has more from
Jerusalem here in Israel the sacred
Jewish holiday of Passover is underway
it'll see much of the country shut down
for 24 hours of religious reflection but
some say the mood this year is a sble
one as War rages on on Passover Eve the
head of the Israeli military
intelligence unit resigned after
accepting responsibility for failing to
prevent hamas's October 7 attack
38-year-old Major General maharan haliva
is among a number of senior commanders
who said they had let their country down
by failing to prevent this attack now
Israel is expecting a new round of
sanctions that could Rock the US Israel
relationship Washington is reportedly
set to impose sanctions on a unit of
ultra Orthodox soldiers accused of human
rights violations in the occupied West
Bank it could be the first time the US
has ever imposed penalties like this on
any part of the Israeli military and it
would be a significant move meanwhile a
major review of the UN Agency for
Palestinian refugees unra has been
finalized this review was set up in
February after more than a dozen
countries froze their funding for unra
over Israeli allegations that at least
12 of the agency's employees were
directly involved in the October 7
attacks some hope the report could
prompt some donors to review funding
freezers with more than a million gazin
in desperate need of assistance overall
the findings of the
review are that in rise in place of very
significant number of mechanisms and
procedures to ensure compliance with the
humanitarian principle of
neutrality actually probably have a more
developed system than other un
organizations or agencies there's always
room for improvement and some issues
related to neutrality pist once again
the UN officials have raised deep
concerns about the worsening
humanitarian crisis in Gaza