hospitals are the latest hotpots in
Israel's war on Hamas this explosion at
gaza's largest named alifa early on
Friday reportedly killed at least one
person Hamas run media said it was one
of three medical facilities targeted and
Israeli tanks appear to be surrounding
some facilities Hamas says 21 of gaza's
35 hospitals are now out of
service to the complete diation of fuel
in the main generator all operations
have been halted as an alternative he
turned to solar energy and
batteries Israel claims hospitals have
become hiding places for Hamas Fighters
with bunkers and tunnels underneath
Health officials deny that Israel says
the explosion at alifa came from a
wayward projectile launched from inside
Gaza
either way it's the residents like these
fleeing from Gaza City who continue to
suffer what did all these people do the
sick person the one unable to walk the
child the old man whose son was mared
and whose house was destroyed what did
we do a 6-hour evacuation pause in the
fighting on Friday allowed thousands
more residents to evacuate from the
north meantime Cutters IM traveled to
Cairo on Friday to meet with Egypt's
President on how to end the crisis on
Saturday Saudi Arabia will host a joint
Islamic Arab Summit in Riad at the White
House President Joe Biden met with the
Sultan of Oman to discuss ways to
protect civilians in Gaza and get more
Aid in French president macron called on
Israel to stop the bombing and US
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin
issued his sternest warning yet
much more needs to be done uh to protect
civilians and uh to make sure that
humanitarian assistance reaches them far
too many Palestinians have been killed
far too many have suffered uh these past
weeks and behind the scenes Arab nations
are warning Washington you risk a
generation of young Arabs with Fury
against America if Israel doesn't end
the bombing soon Andy Roan trt World
Washington
[Music]