the US House plans to hold separate
votes on aid for Israel and Ukraine this
week according to Republican speaker
Mike Johnson on Monday this comes after
months of Republican divisions have
delayed
aid but pressure on the GOP to act
appears to have ramped up after Iran's
weekend missile and drone attack on
Israel Johnson cited precipitating
events around the globe when speaking to
reporters Monday we know that the world
is watching us to see how we react um we
have uh terrorists and tyrants and
terrible leaders around the world like
Putin and x and uh and in Iran and
they're watching to see if America will
stand up for its allies and in our own
interest around the globe and we will
Johnson said the house will break down
the aid into four bills three include
Aid to Israel Ukraine us allies in the
indo-pacific and US National Security
priorities the makeup of the fourth it
was not immediately clear Johnson says
the new house bills will provide roughly
the same amount of foreign aid as a
senate one that House Republicans
stalled earlier this year which is
roughly $95 billion but differs by
including some Aid in the form of a loan
and Johnson expects the vote to come by
the end of the week GOP House Majority
Leader Steve scales voiced support for
the aid and cited Iran's recent attack
if you just look at what we did to help
Israel to shoot down uh the rockets and
and drones uh those were a lot ofic
American assets that were used so we
need to replenish our own supply house
Speaker Johnson also faces a threat from
hard-right Republicans to aou if he
allows Ukraine Aid to go ahead on Monday
Republican hardliner group The House
Freedom caucus released a statement
calling for Aid to Israel but not to
Ukraine they rejected any suggestion the
recent attack on Israel would ease the
path towards more funds to K top house
Democrat hakee Jeff also wrote To Us
caucus on Monday urging the need to
support both Ukraine and Israel
meanwhile Ukraine appealed again to its
allies on Monday for Extraordinary and
Bal steps to boost its air defenses
after Russian attacks on its energy
system in recent weeks