[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
but a major ground operation there would
be a mistake it would lead to more
innocent civilian deaths worsen the
already dire humanitarian crisis deepen
the Anarchy in Gaza and further isolate
Israel internationally president told
the Prime Minister again today that we
share the goal of defeating Hamas but we
just believe you need a coherent and
sustainable strategy to make that
happen
on the call today President Biden asked
the prime minister to send a senior
inter agency team composed of military
intelligence and humanitarian officials
to Washington in the coming days to hear
us concerns about Israel's current Rafa
planning and to lay out an alternative
approach that would Target key Hamas
elements in Rafa and secure the Egypt
Gaza border without a major ground
[Music]
Invasion more innocent civilians have
died in this conflict in this military
operation than in all of the wars in
Gaza combined including thousands of
children a humanitarian crisis has
descended across Gaza and Anarchy Reigns
in areas that Israel's military has
cleared but not stabilized
[Music]
B
how do we Define Victory we Define it as
the destruction of hamas's military and
governing capability we Define it also
as the return of the hostages which
we're working right now that's why I was
a bit late because we have to instruct
our delegation that is going to Doha uh
and we Define it also as preventing uh
the return uh AA Gaza from becoming a
threat to Israel uh at any time in the
[Music]
future if we achieve these goals then we
will also deliver a stinging blow to the
Iran Terror access which is behind
everything that we're seeing here today
uh that is something that we all have to
understand that this is not just
Israel's battle it is a battle for our
future but it's also the battle for the
victory of the of the Israel American
moderate Arab axis against the Iran
[Music]
axis
[Music]
[Music]
I'm com I'm
com
[Music]
com