well the deadly Israel Hamas War
continues Israel's allout attack on the
Gaza Strip with the aim of eliminating
Hamas has left Gaza in a humanitarian
crisis with limited medical and food
supplies Palestinians are suffering
however raid is being sent to Gaza via
Egypt's Rafa border with not enough
amount of supplies are reaching gin
let's take a look at this detailed
report it's the Rafa Crossing that uh
between Egypt and Gaza that is
still operational and is sending
humanitarian Aid to Millions on the
other side there were a lot of trucks
queued up on the other side of the road
and those trucks certainly are waiting
to get their clearances to enter this
very Crossing to be able to provide uh
the basic supplies that are coming from
various countries to the people of Gaza
also uh with the with the truth and some
uh some allow allowance for critical
patients to be moved out of Gaza and to
Egypt for treatment these are the
ambulances that are lined up uh they are
waiting and are on standby in case there
are any critical patients that need to
be taken to the hospitals this is one of
those life one of those Crossings which
is not just a normal border crossing
it's not a Crossing where people can
come show their papers and walk out or
walk in anytime they want um there are
stringent rules there are there is one
military brace not so very far away from
here from where Israel monitors this
Crossing as well so who enters who exits
while is not completely under Israel's
control Israel does uh control or
monitor who is entering and exiting uh
the Rafa Crossing and therefore it makes
life very difficult for those who live
here in Gaza the only Crossing today
that is allowing entry and exit of
people
of humanitarian Aid of medical workers
and of critical patients we'll have to
wait and see whether if there's going to
be another ceasefire for the release of
hostages and for more supplies to go in
but for now things are just trickling in
and out of this very important Crossing
at the Rafa Crossing Gita mun for India
Today G mun at egyp Rafa bought there
sending in this exclusive report from
Ground Zero