Israeli opposition leader yayer Leed
says a deal to release hostages held in
Gaza is doable it came after his meeting
at the US state department it is a
difficult deal this is a deal we might
not like but it's doable and therefore
it needs to be uh made but so far there
is no hostage deal and a Gaza ceasefire
proposal made in Cairo has so far been
rejected the us today repeated its
warning against Israel's planned
invasion of Rafa we have made clear to
Israel that we think a full-scale
military invasion of Rafa would
have an enormously harmful effect on
those civilians and that it would
ultimately hurt Israel's security and
yet another sign the US and Israel have
not worked out their differences the
Israeli Prime Minister says the invasion
is a
go we are constantly working to achieve
our goals first and foremost the release
of our hostages and achieving a complete
victory over Hamas this Victory requires
entry into Rafa it will happen there is
a date back in Washington laped
sidestepped questions about President
Biden's threat to change US policy
towards Israel if Israel does not change
its actions in Gaza a warning made by
the US president during a phone call
with Netanyahu last week well I think
the president is obviously worried about
the humanitarian situation in Gaza I
think Israel is worri as well Capitol
Hill was also a key planned stop for the
Israeli opposition leader including a
meeting with US Senate Majority Leader
Chuck Schumer who last month called for
new elections in Israel to replace prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu Schumer
called him an obstacle to peace it
revealed a growing divide in Congress
towards Israel's Onslaught in Gaza I
made it clear to him that not the
business of the United States to be
giving a democratic Ally advice about
when to have
election or what kind of military
campaign they may be conducting as
divisions and disagreements continue
over how to stop the killing in Gaza the
more than a million Palestinians seeking
refuge in Rafa can only wait Craig
Boswell trt World
[Music]
Washington