we have focused in as you've said on the
imperative of maximizing maximizing uh
efforts to protect civilians and get uh
not only assistance in but to sustain
the higher level of assistance that was
reached during the humanitarian pause uh
and actually build on it and what we've
seen uh over the uh initial days is some
important additional steps in the
direction of doing just that um the
Israelis have been evacuating
neighborhoods instead of entire cities
so focusing in on a much more deliberate
way on those who may be uh In Harm's Way
uh as they conduct the the campaign
against Hamas establishing some
deconfliction areas uh some safe areas
that people can go to uh where they can
be safe from being in the line of fire
uh and having a more narrowly focused
area of where this military operation is
actually being conducted having said
that um as we stand here almost a week
into this this campaign in the the south
after the end of the humanitarian uh
pause it is imperative it remains
imperative that Israel put a premium on
civilian protection and there does
remain a gap between exactly what what I
said when I was there the intent to
protect civilians and the actual results
that we're seeing uh on the
ground again also making sure that in
areas that are clearly out of the the
conflict Zone that they remain so that
military means not be used uh in those
areas so this is something that we're uh
talking about with uh the Israelis on a
on a regular basis including uh as
recently as today and including in the
president's conversation with prime
minister Netanyahu earlier today we
continue to recognize the U
extraordinary difficulty of this task as
Israel is dealing with a terrorist
adversary that intentionally embeds
itself with civilians but again Israel
has an obligation to do everything
possible to put a premium on
protecting civilians and maximizing
humanitarian
assistance