that's pregnancy TVs richard madden
who's following this all for us in
washington richard good to see you again
what did you make of that
no questions yeah unbelievably tone-deaf
from the President of the United States
in a real split screen moment on the one
scene you see the unrest happening in
Minneapolis after that horrific tragedy
that sparked such emotional reaction
there on the other side you see the
President of the United States who would
normally be a console er in chief
uniting a nation that is clearly hurting
but instead he talked about China they
talked about withdrawing from the World
Health Organization and raised the
specter of Hong Kong it was absolutely
stunning
not to mention the White House billed it
as a press conference which
traditionally means the president takes
questions from reporters but instead it
was more of a statement now we may not
have heard the last of President Trump
he does have a meeting with industry
executives that should be getting
underway about now I suspect pool
reporters will have an opportunity or
will try to throw questions his way
we'll just have to wait and see to use a
reality-show term we'll have to stay
tuned what about the presumptive
Democratic nominee here for the
presidential race a Joe Biden former
vice president what do we hear from him
today Richard on all this yeah well
we're starting to see obviously with
election season heating up Joe Biden
speaking again today addressing the
nation through his website at a real
stark contrast with what the president
is tweeting versus what Joe Biden is
saying from his home in Delaware just a
line that stuck out for me Biden takes a
bit of a shot at Trump saying this is no
time for incendiary tweets it's no time
to encourage violence we need real
leadership right now that brings
everyone to the table so President Trump
obviously has the advantage of
incumbency in the office Joe Biden has
been struggling to really cut through
the news narrative but he did it today
speaking before the president took
questions or didn't take questions at
the White House so we're already sort of
a a difference in tone and style for
both Trump and Biden we'll just have to
see how this plays out as we get closer
to November see
jeez Richard Madden and Washington good
to see you again Richard thank you for
this you bet