the federal government agency that
assesses the terror threat to Canada is
warning that the Israel Hamas War could
increase the risk of an extremist attack
on Canadians here at home in a series of
briefings published after October 7th
the integrated terrorist Assessment
Center found that extremists motivated
by the conflict could attack crowds at
events in Canada it is possible that
ideologically and religiously motivated
violent extremists and lone actors make
may be triggered by events and mobilize
violence and conduct a mass casualty
attack at large Gatherings the documents
read the briefings obtained by global
news through the access to Information
Act warn an attack on Gatherings around
the holidays where events like parades
are quote increasingly likely we're
seeing language kind of riling people up
and groups up we will fight you as well
TR is here Hamas is here protests over
the war have drawn national attention
the intelligence reports say that while
they have been largely quote lawful this
does not preclude opportunistic threat
actors from joining events and engaging
inv violent Behavior what the assessment
is saying is there is a possibility that
someone on either side of the issue may
be radicalized and may decide to act
National Security sources have told
Global News an unprecedented complicated
mix of Terror threats in Canada could be
exacerbated by the conflict emboldening
groups across the Spectrum from violent
White nationalists to Isis Affiliated
lone wolves the briefings say as the
conflict intensifies religiously and
ideologically motivated extremists could
increasingly seek to attack Israeli
interests but also Jewish targets noting
foreign extremists have called for
attacks on Jewish people as a means to
support Palestinians and that some
individuals in Canada have expressed
support for Hamas the itac briefings say
that mosks Islamic community centers and
Palestinian Targets in Canada are also
at risk from violent extremists with
anti-palestinian agendas and that hate
crimes against Muslims are likely to
rise Mercedes Stevenson Global News
Ottawa