a few kilometers away from Israel's
northern border with Lebanon hundreds of
cars have been parked haphazardly by the
roadside they belong to reservists
who've shown up for duty at a nearby
military base heeding the call to
prepare to
fight we're heading to kirona roughly 3
km from the
border at the time of filming this
community still hadn't been given a
mandatory evacuation order but it still
feels like a ghost town
I decided to stay open because lots of
soldiers come to eat otherwise there
wouldn't be anywhere for them Johnny was
born in Lebanon and used to be part of a
militia backed by the Israeli army
during the Lebanese Civil War he fled
here 23 years
ago I'm 42 years old I moved here from
Lebanon when there was a war there then
there was a war here every few years
there's chaos in 2006 I was here the war
of 2006 was very difficult on like right
now I spent 20 to 25 days in the shelter
back
then not far from here we're meeting the
town's mayor in a shelter this becomes
the Town Hall's Command Center at times
of Crisis he greets us wearing a
bulletproof
vest normally we're a city of 24,000
people not anymore because of what's
happening because of the city's history
which for 36 years now has endured
constant missile attacks and terrorists
infiltrating I don't think any other
city on the planet has endured that
people know that when tensions rise in
the north those who can take their
families and belongings and leave for a
safer Place mainly because here we only
have 10 seconds to hide once we hear the
siren before we leave the mayor insists
on showing us the traces of an older
rocket
attack it was carried out by Hezbollah
militants back in
1999 a reminder of the danger still
present 24 years later for the residents
of kirat Mona