the final preparations to get the ship
ready to sail for Gaza were taking place
today hundreds of tons have been loaded
on board rice flour and
protein if this first aid Mission goes
well then lanica Port could become an
aid hub for ships over the coming weeks
Naval and civilian World Central Kitchen
the US humanitarian organization that is
providing the aid told us that the more
food that gets in the better the
security on the ground in Gaza will
become we know that this can't be the
only ship right we need to have second
ship lined up third ship lined up which
we do the more food we can get into
there into into Gaza um the more safe
the more secure it is the more orderly
it is but until we see more more flow it
it will continue to be um a bit of a
security concern separately an American
military ship the USS Frank Besson has
now left Virginia on the US East Coast
it will take a few weeks to reach the
region and American military officials
think that their floating peer in Gaza
could be up and running in about 60 days
time this will be a multi-organizational
effort with other militaries possibly
the British also involved the idea for a
maritime Corridor starting in Cypress
was made towards the end of last year
and so they've had months to prepare and
that's included putting in high-tech
scanners so the Israelis can check all
the a that has been loaded onto ships
but whilst the starting point here is
now ready where the ships will dock in
Gaza well that is far from certain and
fra with a lot of technical
[Music]
difficulty as the humanitarian crisis
worsens inside Gaza and with hopes of a
ceasefire before Ramadan surely all but
gone now President Biden is becoming
increasingly Frank with his Israeli
allies and his irritation with prime
minister Benin yean yahu is no longer
kept private he must pay more attention
to the innocent lives being lost as a
consequence of the actions taken he's
hurting I my view he's hurting Israel
more than helping Israel by making the
rest of the world it's contrary to what
Israel stands for and I think it's a big
mistake so I want to see a ceasefire
tonight the ship remains in lanica Port
waiting for a weather window and the
security clearance before it can leave
it won't go we're told before tomorrow
alist bun Sky News in lanica Cyprus