over the decades Iran has built a
network of militia proxies throughout
the region that have grown over the
years to form a web of lethal force in
the Middle East but it all started with
the creation of Hezbollah in the early
1980s Hezbollah was established in the
wake of the 1982 Lebanon war it adopted
a model set out by ayatollahi the
founder of the Islamic Republic of Iran
it pledged its entire allegiance to Iran
stating that they take their Direction
and orders from tan with K's Ascent the
modernday era of militant Islam was born
the party adopted Hezbollah as the name
chosen byi the organization was created
with the support of 1500 irgc
instructors and aggregated a variety of
Lebanese Shia groups into a unified
organization to resist Israeli
occupation of Southern Lebanon in 1982
the Islamic Republic of Iran established
the base in the Syrian controlled Becca
Valley in Lebanon from that base Iran's
irgc founded financed trained equipped
Hezbollah to operate as a proxy Army for
Iran one year after being established
they launched an attack with two suicide
truck bombs plowing into a barracks in
Beirut housing American and French
service members 307 people were killed
including 200 141 US military personnel
the attack boosted The Prestige and
growth of Hezbollah which went from
strength to strength with the backing of
Iran who trained and funded them they
gained immense Battlefield experience
engaging in asymmetrical and Guerilla
Warfare both with the US and Israel by
the 1990s with the support of Iran
Hezbollah had entered the political
arena in Lebanon and by the early 2000s
had established a vast mil milary Force
much stronger than the Lebanese Army
being described as a state within a
state today Hezbollah is considered the
most powerful non-state actor in the
world all thanks to
Iran thanks for watching stay updated
about breaking news and top stories on
the NBC News app or follow us on social
media