this will be my last video everybody
from Gaza is moving towards where we are
one million people no food no
water and still they're bombing them as
they
leave where are going to put them but my
thought is all these people in the
hospital cannot be
evacuated where's
Humanity where's people's hearts in the
world to let this happen at this day and
age
and may God help us
goodbye you guysen exing I spoke to my
mother-in-law um only about half an hour
45 minutes ago and it only managed the
connection only managed to stay on for
about a minute May 30 seconds a minute
and um she was asking whether we knew if
the ra Crossing was open because
obviously we have electricity we can
watch the news we can phone people they
don't have that they certainly not in in
any abundance whatsoever so I can only
tell her the news that I had which was
that rapper Crossing as far as we
understand it remains closed discussions
negotiations continue and as I was
talking to her I could hear a jet
overhead she was telling me she could
see explosions from where she was and
conditions are fa difficult they are
running out of supplies and my
mother-in-law and I spoke to her
yesterday she' only had one egg
the day before she had eaten that whole
day and taken sips of water where she
could but they're trying to ration their
food for obvious reasons and
particularly because they don't want the
children to to starve and go go
[Applause]
hungry we are seeing an attack on
humanity and my heart feels like it's
starting to turn to storm gazet has been
obliterated like never before my mom has
said in the past 8 days there's not been
a lit up from more than 10
minutes Israel have has every right to
protect itself from the terror that
unfolded a week past Saturday it does
not have a right to collectively punish
2.2 million innocent men women and
children