blood stains the streets of Janine in
the aftermath of what the director of
Janine hospital called a targeted strike
but Witnesses saw no reason for their
targeting the young men that were killed
were unarmed and joyful just seconds
before they were hit by an Israeli
drone we were sitting inside near the
arch and we saw bakar may he rest in
peace and others walking they were
laughing once they arrived here we heard
something hit and shook the whole area
we came here and I saw that they all
died May they rest in peace abuur had
blood coming out of his mouth and Baker
died on the spot 2023 was already a
record year of illegal Israeli raids
into the occupied West Bank but since
October 7th these raids have become a
nightly occurrence sometimes even taking
place in broad
daylight nearly 300 Palestinians have
been killed by the Israeli military AR
and settler attacks in the same time
frame with thousands arrested including
dozens on Tuesday alone Israeli
bulldozers have also destroyed hundreds
of thousands of dollars in property at a
time when the occupied West Bank is
already suffering from the economic
impact of the war on Gaza for months
world leaders from east to west have
urged Israel to quell violence in the
occupied West Bank amid heightened fears
of a third front emerging last week the
US announced that it would not issue
visas to Israelis involved in illegal
settler violence in light of the uptick
violence in the West Bank this year is
at levels not seen since the second
inata and in recent weeks an alarming
surge in violent acts has driven this
unwelcome record even higher this
includes unprecedented levels of
Violence by Israeli extremist settlers
targeting Palestinians and their
property displacing entire communities
some welcome the step but also say it's
a Band-Aid on a gaping wound
particularly as illegal settlers are
usually under the protection of an
Israeli military that is itself ramping
up attacks Priyanka naani trt world