and firecrackers lit up the night sky in
West Bank as celebrations marked the
release of Palestinian women and
children from Israeli prisons a total of
39 prisoners were released by Israeli
authorities under the truce agreement to
PA the fighting in Gaza that is after 13
hostages from Israel had been handed
over crowds across the West Bank cheered
and waved Palestinian and Hamas
Flags along with cfia scavs after two
white coaches escorted by armored
vehicles exited the offer military camp
with the
[Applause]
prisoners Palestinian prisoners wearing
gray jumpers were paraded in West Bank
in front of euphoric supporters many of
whom broke down in
tails
[Music]
the detainees freed included 15 male
teenagers most of them charged with
stone throwing and supporting terrorism
also freed were 24 women some of whom
had been jailed over attempted attacks
against Israeli forces and others
accused of incitement on social media a
17-year-old Palestinian prisoner who was
released as a part of a truce agreement
described prison conditions as
[Music]
[Laughter]
catastrophic
the 24-year-old Palestinian prisoner
Mara Beaker was freed after spending
eight years in prison having spent the
last years of 15s in the prison she says
the news of the deal was a complete
shock to
her
for the Palestinian prisoners and the
families of Palestinian detainees the
release brought relief tinged with
sadness at the fighting that is set to
continue in Gaza after the expiry of a 4
day
truce
[Music]
estimates say Israel is currently
holding 7,200 Palestinians on security
charges or convictions including about
2,000 arrested since the start of the
war around 14,000 Palestinians have been
killed in the Israeli bombings of Gaza
and the ground operation launched last
month and the military says it is
preparing for the next stage of the
operation once the troops
ends
[Music]