and while concerns Loom around a war
spillover Israel's barrage of attacks on
Gaza continues this is uh the 12th day
of the country's Complete Siege of the
Gaza Strip air strikes have not slowed
down the death toll continues to rise by
the hour more than 4,100 Palestinians
have died most of them women and
children and in the latest strike
Israeli missiles struck a Greek Orthodox
Church Palestinian authorities saying
that close to 500 Muslim and Christian
civilians had taken shelter in the
church 18 of them have died in this AA
but the IDF saying that it was a strike
on a militant Command Center and in the
process a part of the church got damaged
the visuals narrating a more devastating
story
the church attack is just one of the
targets that succumbed to a night long
barrage of air strikes on Gaza Israeli
forces saying that they hit over a 100
operational targets of quote unquote a
terrorist organization the IDF revealed
that tunnel shafts Munitions warehouses
and dozens of operational headquarters
have been destroyed in Gaza weon has not
been able to independently confirm if
these targets were in fact any sort of
militant
installations and while the air rates
continue Israel's military has also
moved an arsenal of Tanks near the Gaza
border the Israeli defense minister yuav
galent telling the troops that they
would soon see the Palestinian inclave
from inside the statement brings more
clarity to a looming ground Invasion by
the IDF but as the attacks on the Gaza
Strip indicate no signs of a Slowdown
several countries continue to scramble
for a solution to deliver
to over 2 million Palestinians in the
won
region we are now available in your
country download the app now get all the
updates on the move