Israeli soldiers are dying too 21 of
them in a single explosion inside Gaza
Danielle hamam Jin is in Israel tonight
with what we know about that Danielle
Donna for Israelis this was one of the
darkest days since October 7th their
soldiers killed by their own
[Music]
explosives a funeral for one of 24
Israeli soldiers killed in a single day
Israel's bloodiest day in Gaza since the
War
Began all but three died in what the
Prime Minister called a disaster which
is now being investigated by the Israeli
military the troops were in southern
Gaza 600 M from the border they were
inside two buildings being prepared for
demolition where mines had been placed
by soldiers that's when a nearby Israeli
tank was hit by a rocket propelled
grenade possibly triggering an explosion
that caused the collapse of the
buildings we must learn the lessons and
do everything for the Peace of our
soldiers said Benjamin Netanyahu who's
under growing pressure at home to reach
a deal that will secure the release of
the hostages Hamas is still holding more
than a 100 Israelis captive some of whom
have been killed but their bodies have
yet to be returned my Israeli government
who I do not feel is doing everything
they can shooting will not bring our
hostages home alive we need a deal
whatever it takes that's what needs to
be done and deal with our other problems
later Hamas has reportedly rejected a
deal proposed by Israel on the table an
offer of a two-month ceasefire in which
hostages will be released in exchange
for Palestinian prisoners Hamas leaders
would have been able to relocate to
other countries but they refused to
leave
and today Israel said it will not agree
to any deal that sees Hamas remain in
power Donna Danielle hamam Jin in hia
Israel thanks Danielle