the Israeli death stole after the
surprise attack by the militant group
Hamas on communities in the country's
South on Saturday has now risen to at
least 700 including 44 soldiers as the
Prime Minister Benjamin nathany ahu has
said Israel was embarking on a long and
difficult War meanwhile in Gaza
officials have reported at least 413
deaths and the Israeli rescue service
meanwhile said that its paramedics have
removed approximately 2 60 bodies from a
music festival that was attacked by the
Hamas Now videos posted online showed
Festival goers running frantically and
getting into cars after the
attacks meanwhile as far as Gaza is
concerned their only Power Plant
currently the only source of power in
The Enclave could run out of fuel in a
few days this is what the UN has warned
in a statement last night a complete
blackout could put many lives at risk
the Gaza Strip as you are aware is home
to about 2.3 million people and Gaza is
heavily dependent on Israel for power
and Israel has cut all electricity
supplies to Gaza on Sunday following an
order from the prime minister's office
more Airlines have suspended flights
into Tel Aviv following these attacks on
Israel over the weekend and now these
Airlines actually include Delta American
Airlines Lanza Air India and Air France
the United States president has told the
Israeli Prime Minister that additional
assistance for the Israeli Defense
Forces is now on its way to Israel with
more to follow over the coming days but
NDTV brings you exclusive ground reports
from Israel as over 1100 civilians and
soldiers have been killed on both sides
in this war but before that we have a
reaction from the Israel Defense
Force
a very very hard 24
hours uh unprecedented event we were
attacked with a combined offens of uh by
Hamas Yesterday by
surprise and not only by the traditional
rounds that we've had for years with
Hamas they didn't go for military
targets they went for
civilians they went for grandmothers
children babies we are going to respond
very very severely to this the style of
attack is barbaric I mean the the the
visuals are ISO
visuals in a way this is R
911