the US has authorized the transfer of
billions of dollars worth of bombs and
fighter jets to Israel in recent days
two sources familiar with the efforts
say that's despite the growing concerns
Washington has expressed about an
anticipated Israeli military offensive
in Rafa where more than a million
displaced Palestinians are Sheltering
some members of President Joe Biden's
party are calling for him to cut US
military aid the new arms packages
include more than 1,800
mk84 ,000 lb bombs and 500 MK
82500 bombs said the sources who on
Friday confirmed a report in the
Washington Post Israel faces strong
International criticism over its bombing
campaign and ground offensive in Gaza
which had killed at least
32,700 people as of Saturday according
to the health Ministry in the Hamas run
Enclave the decision on weapons follows
a visit to Washington by Israeli defense
minister yav Galant this week when he
discussed Israel's weapons requirements
with us counterparts Washington gives
$3.8 billion in annual military
assistance to its longtime Ally Israel
which is the leading recipient of US
foreign aid the US has been sending air
defenses and Munitions demonstrating how
Biden's Administration continues to
support Israel I think the bad thing
about the US despite an increasingly
public Rift with Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu some Democrats and
Arab American groups have criticized
that support and say it gives Israel a
sense of
impunity Biden on Friday acknowledged
quote the pain being felt by many Arab
Americans over the war in Gaza and US
support for Israel and its military
offensive which was launched after Hamas
attacked Southern Israel on October 7th
killing 1,200 people the White House
declined comment on the weapons
transfers and the Israeli Embassy in
Washington did not immediately respond
to a request for
[Music]
comment from impeachments to
inaugurations if it's a political story
we are on the scene the race for the
White House is heating up we're beating
Biden how dare he say that if it's
breaking news we're live with the latest
coverage from the White House the state
department and Capital Hill we know the
issues but above all we know the players
to bring you the latest in-depth
analysis on all the key stories that
we're covering I'm Eric ham join me from
Washington here on first post
America