[Music]
rakish
[Music]
for
is
for
what is your
name what the going on they are shooting
everybody since 17 days they shooting
everybody including women children uh
they bomb all area all buildings uh so
we are you know try to reach our voice
to United States to Europe to India to
Pakistan every body to hear our voice
that stop this war that's time to stop
this
war madam what is your name my name is
Heda so what is your call here H I'm a
Palestinian woman a Palestinian mother a
Palestinian sister I'm a patriotic woman
I'm a psychologist originally but I'm
standing here with my my people in Gaza
Strip so um what is the situation right
now the problem that we're facing is
that we are omitted and and deleted from
the social media our Facebook posts are
deleted so no more our voice is reach
the world what happens is a very unequal
Injustice you know like all all the kids
in Gaza are being bombed on the on the
contrary if an Israeli child is is is
crying all the media will go to cover
the incident of the Israeli child
Israeli child the whole world is silent
I'm not talking about the people people
are standing with us I saw I saw the
demonstration in in
yeah what do you expecting from I'm
expecting the victory uh of the
Palestinians against the Israeli
occupation we have been suffering 75
years till
now uh the situation has been changed
for the first time since uh the last uh
as I told you 70 years something is
going on but the massacr of uh Israel
the genocide uh that are committing
against the people of
Gaza uh if the Palestinian people uh
stand
alone they can't do
anything
for
cameraman viin R radhakrishan 24
[Music]
beim
[Music]