kicking off the Annual Festival here at
the barcin cinemar in London is a
screening of tomorrow's Freedom which
Chronicles the story of former
Palestinian political figure ffata a
Nobel Peace Prize nominee Maran baruti
baruti is currently serving five life
sentences in Israeli prison the film
aims to capture his personal story and
the tiess spirit of a people fighting
for justice I mean it's with such a
heavy heart that we're standing here
today with with the film I mean the film
is nothing in a way you know in relation
to what's happening but when the time is
there to look at the future for some
kind of peace between Israel and
Palestine and the people we feel that
Marwan could speak to everyone um and
he's a good man from what we understand
you know and that's needed there's an
honesty there um yeah people are asking
what next well whatever comes next we
feel just as you know filmmakers um we
feel that whatever that equation is
Marana needs to be included in it the
London Palestine Film Festival comes a
miss the Israeli bombardment and land
invasion in besieged Gaza more than
11,500 Palestinian civilians have been
killed of which nearly 5,000 are
children in addition gazans have no fuel
water and food amid the ongoing conflict
this films is not only about the
Palestinian voices it's also about the
Palestinian life culture history
resistance
struggle everything so it's not only
about voices the wor about our voices is
they are loud enough if we we want to
shout but also we we have culture to
bring to the to the communities to the
cities so they can see the Palestinian
life from different angles there will be
daily screenings of a diverse range of
films on Palestine until December 1st
followed by filmmaker talks and
opportunities for attendees to have
discussions on the issues affect the
region from documentaries to narratives
depicting resilience the festival aims
to immerse audiences in the stories
echoing courage hope and an unwavering
pursuit of Justice in order to create a
better understanding of the lived
experiences that Palestinians have to
enure tasim Nazir trt World
[Music]
London