the world stood up in wrapped attention
when China mediated a deal to restore
ties between Saudi Arabia and Iran this
year signaling its desire to be a
diplomatic heavyweight in West Asia but
the limits of beijing's Ambitions is now
put to test in May the unfolding crisis
in Israel and Gaza well China is the
Arab world's largest trading partner
since 2020 accounting for more than $330
billion in two-day trade in 2021 alone
it has been the Region's largest energy
importer since 1993 importing More than
70% of its oil and 40% of its natural
gas with Saudi Arabia alone accounting
for 20% of the
total well China used this to its very
Advantage making West Asia an important
destination for its belt and Road
initiative in 20122 West Asian countries
expanded their cooperation with China
and received about 23 % of China's brri
engagement more than 200 large
infrastructure and energy projects have
also been completed now in pursuit of a
peaceful West Asia to further its
interests especially oil imports China
has started embarking China has started
carefully rather balancing its
non-interference policy in a bid to
mediate in the regional conflict there
the biggest diplomatic success being the
South AR Iran deal in March an
initiative that was hailed world over
with rival Shia Sunni countries uniting
for the first time since diplomacy nose
dived in
2016 well China's Ambitions in West Asia
are being put to the test like I
mentioned earlier especially in the wake
of the Israel Hamas conflict which has
seen more than 1700 people dead on both
sides of the
war did
for and reacting to China's response
visiting US Senate Majority Leader Chuck
Schumer told China's foreign minister
wangi in Beijing that he was very
disappointed by the foreign ministry's
statement I was very disappointed to be
honest by the forign Min Ministry
statement that showed no sympathy or
support for Israel during these troubled
times I thank you again we look forward
to our
discussion and as China tries to play a
balancing act as the Israel Hamas War
rages on its l test for China and its
relations with West Asian
[Music]
countries