more breaking updates now coming in amid
the Israel Hamas War UK has bolstered
military support for Israel uh that's
the update coming in UK will deploy
Patrol and surveillance aircraft and two
Royal Navy ships to the Eastern
Mediterranean to support Israel that's a
big update let's go across to uh my
colleague rishab who's joining us on the
broadcast with the details rishab this
is a big update of course from the US
from UK uh several countries have come
forward to support Israel in its time of
need but this is very crucial support
coming in for Israel in terms of
Military
Support well definitely after us moved
one aircraft career close to Israeli
Coast now UK coming forward and placing
two UK uh Royal Navy ships and drones as
well as aircrafts in the Eastern
Mediteranean this showcas is that the
countries from Europe and West are not
only doing lip service or extending
moral support to Israel but even
logistical and armed support is being
extended this is very very crucial
remember this comes at a time when the
counter offensives from Israel has
started and after the air strikes that
we have seen in last 5 to 6 days now the
ground offenses are also you know being
prepared to be carried out there have
been a blockade that has happened and
Israel has very clearly said that till
uh the hostage are not released they
will not uh restore the supply lines for
water and electricity no Taps will be
opened no switch will be on is what the
Israeli authorities have said and very
clearly said that we will ensure that
our hostage returns fine and at this
moment UK coming forward and extending
Military Support is something very very
important okay all right uh rishab thank
you for joining us with those details uh
we continue to get these updates for our
viewers for now quick break we'll be
right back