now as the conflict between Israel and
Hamas militant group rages on countries
have been working towards bringing home
their people from the war tone Zone in
the latest India has announced the
launch of operation a to repatriate
citizens from Israel starting today
Israel is home to about 18,000 Indian
citizens the Indian government has
arranged special chartered flights to
facilitate the early return of Indian
citizens Indian Navy ships are also
expected to be deployed in case
required indan 's external affairs
minister SJ Shanker in a post on social
media platform X formerly known as
Twitter posted about the operations
launch he said that the government is
fully committed towards the safety of
Indian Nationals abroad now the first
Lord of Indians who earlier had
registered to return have been informed
the Indian Embassy in Israel informed
that these people are expected to fly
back to India today on the first special
flight the returns of other people will
follow in subsequent flights meanwhile
several other nations have arranged
repatriation flights from Tel Aviv in
reaction to the conflict in Israel for
instance the Danish government made
available a C130 Hercules cargo plane
which can carry around 120 passengers
for the evacuation of its citizens Italy
has arranged for seven flights as part
of efforts to repatriate about 900
Italian citizens from
Israel US state department has also
issued travel advisory levels for more
than 200 countries globally based on a
variety of risk indicators such as
health terrorism and civil unrest travel
advisory levels range from level one
which means exercise normal precautions
to level four which means do not travel
there it
[Music]
for