[Music]
welcome back this is We on wild is one
we're glad you're watching American Jer
the headlines at this
[Music]
hour Israeli police fire tear gas shells
to dispar Dawn worshippers at the AL AA
mosque compound in Jerusalem for a
second day in a row police say many
worshippers at the mosque were chanting
provocative
slogans and there was no choice but to
remove
[Music]
[Music]
them Islamic resistance in Iraq
announces a series of operations it its
Fighters carried out against Israeli
targets including an oil refinery it
says the attack is a response to Israeli
massacres against Palestinian civilians
including children women and the elderly
added the
[Music]
source Russia pounds Ukraine again six
killed 10 injured in a strike on hariv
early on Saturday Ukrainian President
zalenski's Chief of Staff says
ukrainians may be tiring but will not
compromise with
[Music]
Putin
[Music]
Malian foreign minister extends
gratitude to India for renewing quarters
that will enable Maldives to import
essential Commodities from India in the
coming Financial
[Music]
year on day two of us treasury secretary
Janet yellen's China visit us and China
agreed to hold talks on China's
manufacturing overc capacity that's been
a key concern for Washington another
economic group is to be formed to combat
money
[Music]
laundry voting underway in Slovakia's
presidential runoff there is a distinct
split between the pro Western Camp
alarmed by Russia aggression in Ukraine
and one that's suspicious of the West
and ATT tuned to the kremlin's talking
[Music]
point heavy rains in Sydney cause
flooding in the City and surrounding
areas evacuation orders issued after
More Than A month's rain fell across the
city and some coastal areas in New South
Wales
state for all the latest news download
the weon app And subscribe to our
YouTube channel