now for more on this were joined by our
Sinofsky who is an international human
rights lawyer in tel-aviv thanks very
much for joining us absent now tell us
how have people reacted to this flare-up
in violence in a Israeli territory our
people reacted well let me tell you this
hundreds of thousands of families who
should be today on Saturday marking the
Jewish holiday of rest instead they've
been forced to seek shelter seek other
children men women but let me put this
in context for you right now there's
been over 150 rockets fired in Israel
from Gaza that's roughly about 1 million
citizens that are within the firing
range of Israel now within the firing
range of these rockets it's about 10 to
12 percent of the whole population 10 12
% of the population of Turkey is roughly
about 3-4 million people more than the
population of Ankara right now so that
is to put things in context the enormity
and the gravity of the really the
Intolerable bombardment of rockets that
a residence lets out in the south of
israel a face right now today okay and i
said i want to look at how this can move
forward and find some solution how do
you think the israeli government will
react we know they've said no to the
offer of a ceasefire brokered by Egypt
well you have to remember this you have
to put this in context again right now
there's been a 150 rockets bomb rained
upon Israel what would you do what would
Ankara do what is symbol do if this many
rockets were fired upon your citizens
upon your families so right now Israel
cannot just accept any terms that the
Hamas and opossum interests have
initiated this wave of rockets but we
have to do so in terms that establish
deterrence and then have a make a very
clear message to them that this is
unacceptable
intolerable no country not Turkey not
Israel should tolerate such once an axle
aggression and terror all right awesome
we appreciate your perspective thanks so
much for us speaking to us on TR to HOD
Allison or Trotsky and international
human rights were in Tel Aviv
[Music]