Israel's prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu leading the country's most
right-wing government ever pledged on to
press ahead with policies that have
earned critics at home and abroad one
such policy is the overall of the
country's judicial system which can
potentially weaken the Supreme Court now
in a speech in Jerusalem Netanyahu
appeared to back his Justice Minister
yariv Levine netanyahuwah to implement
reforms that will ensure the proper
balance between the three branches of
the government
foreign foreign
unveiled the new government's long
promised overhaul of the judicial system
the proposals call for a series of
sweeping changes aimed at curbing the
powers of the Judiciary these include
law allowing lawmakers to pass laws that
the high court has struck down and
effectively deemed unconstitutional I
mean also proposed that politicians play
a greater role in the appointment of the
Supreme Court judges and that ministers
appoint their own legal advisors instead
of using independent professionals the
new Justice Minister also laid out a law
that would Empower Israel's 120 member
Parliament to override Supreme Court
decisions with a simple majority of 16-1
votes critics have accused the
government of declaring a war against
the legal system they say the plan will
upend Israel's system of checks and
balances and undermine its Democratic
institutions as it gives absolute powers
to the government Justice minister
is a long time critic of the Supreme
Court he presented his plan a day before
the justices are to debate to
controversy new law passed by the
government the new legislation allows a
politician convicted of tax offenses to
serve as cabinet minister
since being indicted on corruption
charges Netanyahu has campaigned against
the justice system he denies all charges
and presents himself as the victim of a
Witch Hunt orchestrated by hostile media
police and prosecutors Levine has said
his plan is not connected in any way to
netanyahu's trial
Beyond is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move