now on Monday Turkish president urged
Israel against indiscriminately
attacking civilians in its war with
Hamas militants in Gaza but recepti Eran
also delivered measured criticism of
Hamas and urge both sides to respect the
ethics of War a day later on Tuesday
Eran criticized the United States for
moving a carrier strike group closer to
Israel saying that it would commit
serious massacres in Gaza analysts say
the United States and one of its
longtime NATO allies turkey are staring
at a complete breakdown in their Rel
relationship and it's unclear if it will
ever recover following a surprise attack
by Hamas militants on Israel on Saturday
us defense secretary Lloyd Austin said
Washington will be moving a carrier
strike Group which includes the USS
Gerald R Ford closer to Israel hitting
out eruan asked what will the aircraft
carrier of the United States do near
Israel why do they come what will boats
around the aircraft around an aircraft
on it will do
he said I'm quoting again they will hit
Gaza and around and take steps for
serious massacr there Ed has previously
said that turkey was ready to mediate
between Israeli and Palestinian forces
to ensure calm he has fervently backed
the Palestinian cause and supported a
two-state solution for the Israeli
Palestinian conflict just days ago us
F-16 war planes over Syria shot down a
Turkish drone stating the two countries
are NATO Partners eruan claimed United
States is training and arming all
terrorist groups and turning places into
bloodbath Washington and ankra have a
long history of partnership including
years of fending of the Soviets together
but turkey is openly defying us wishes
on a russian-made weapons purchase anra
also blamed a us-based cleric for
orchestrating a coup against the
government turkey even attacked us
allies in Syria throwing the anti-isis
campaign at the time into
chaos
Theon is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move