this is how German Chancellor Olaf
Schulz declared his support for Israel
from his Parliament the same phrase as
former Chancellor Angela Merkel used
before the Israeli parliament in 2008
since October 7 the German government
has Justified its support for Israel as
part of its anti-Semitism campaign and
invoked history to reinforce its
and that's why I as Chancellor of our
country and as Chancellor of a country
with a history that is responsible for
the so and the deaths of millions of
Jews in Europe want to stand by Israel
side after October 7 the German
authorities were quick to prohibit Pro
Palestine rallies and even Flags saying
the curbs were to stop public disorder
and
anti-semitism so far about 100
demonstrations have been banned across
the
country haunted by the Holocaust Germany
finds itself in the middle of a paradox
it seeks atonement by offering
unwavering support for Israel but that
also means backing another human tragedy
in Gaza and the Crackdown on Prop
Palestinian Ries has prompted questions
does freedom of expression extend to the
Palestinian cause despite the band pal
solidarity protests have swept through
Germany in the past three weeks with
attendance reaching
thousands the problem in Germany is that
people confuse criticism of Israel with
anti-Semitism we are also allowed to
condemn this war we are also allowed to
criticize Israel it does not mean that
we are anti-semites this is not
true so it's just about stopping this
mass murder and about treating the
people in Gaza with Mercy finding and
destroying a few weapons or a few
tunnels doesn't justify killing
thousands of
people reflecting on their country's
past many Germans say they will continue
to stand with Palestinians to prevent
history from repeating itself as well as
demanding a right to protest hun trt
World
Berlin