the United States has meanwhile vetoed a
United Nations security Council
resolution that would have called for
humanitarian pause in the Israel Gaza
War for humanitarian Aid to flow the
vote on the resolution drafted by Brazil
had been delayed twice as United States
on its part agreed on a deal with Egypt
for an aid Corridor 12 members voted in
favor of the draft text while Russia and
UK abstained from voting on Wednesday
during the US President Joe Biden's
visit Israel agreed to allow Aid into
Gaza through the Rafa Crossing near
Egypt Washington says it is direct
diplomacy that can save lives in
addition the United States was
disappointed that the draft did not
mention anything about Israel's right to
self-defense speaking at the UN me the
Palestinian Envoy made an emotional
appeal to stop the Bloodshed in Gaza
Riyad Mansour slam the UN for ailing to
approve for failing to approve a
resolution for humanitarian
Paws Russia also slammed the United
States steps saying we have once again
witnessed the double standards of our
American colleagues earlier on Monday a
Russian drafted resolution that called
for a humanitarian ceasefire failed to
pass as well meanwhile China said that
the United States had been leading the
house for 2 days for the adoption of the
resolution but the result is nothing
short of unbelievable
in response to the United States veto on
the resolution turkey said I'm quoting a
United Nations security Council which
has become even more ineffective has
once again not fulfilled its
responsibility the draft UN resolution
also urged Israel without naming it to
revoke its order for civilians and un
staff to move towards South in Gaza
Israel ordered some 1.1 million people
in Gaza to move to the southern part
last week as It prepares for a ground
offensive after the deadliest Hamas
attack on Israel in its 75 years of
History the resolution while condemning
all violence and hostilities against
civilians also called for immediate and
unconditional release of all hostages
Hamas is holding nearly 200 hostages at
different locations in Gaza and this
includes Israelis as well as other
foreign
[Music]
Nationals
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Theon is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move