ambulances line up at Rafa Crossing
bringing wounded Palestinians to Egypt
for medical treatment they are among the
first vehicles to be allowed to leave
the Gaza Strip on the 26th day of the
conflict between Israel and Hamas
Crossings had until now been obstructed
by disagreements between Egypt Israel
and the islamist rulers of Gaza after K
Qatar broker a deal about 500 foreign
citizens and jeel Nationals were allowed
to leave Gaza via the Crossing on
Wednesday one Jordanian citizen who said
he lost 76 members of his extended
family during the bombings finally got
to leave after repeat
attempts this is not the first time I've
come here it's the fifth time I came
after a phone call from the Jordanian
foreign Ministry last night they called
me and told me my name was on a list for
evacuation today and that I should be at
the border crossing at 9:00 a.m. of
course I came and you can see the
situation
here others leaving described a trying
time as as gazans grappled with food
shortages and bombings but they're happy
to be
out we faced many problems in Gaza the
least of which were a shortage of water
and
parut there were bigger problems too
such as the
bombardments we were very afraid many
families were
martyred Canadian empathy called us
called us every day nearly to make sure
that we are doing fine and we're doing
good but uh this time they couldn't
reach because of the low connection for
the internet and no service for uh
calling and receiving messages Rafa is
the sole point at which Aid has been
delivered since the conflict began but
the convoys have been much smaller than
what is needed to deal with the dire
humanitarian situation in Gaza fuel has
also been prevented from Crossing as
Israel says Hamas would use it for
terrorism