well first of all let me point that uh
currently there is no connection no
network um no internet uh so actually
this is there is no word coming from the
ashifa hospital recently the last time
we spoke to a doctor around 10 hours ago
he said that the Israeli tanks and
forces withdrawed from the ashifa
hospital and then a few hours later
again they entered the hospital with
bulldozers digging the uh floor and the
front yard of the ashifa hospital since
then we did not get any
information uh the latest that the
doctors told us about is that they
looked the injuries and some of the
doctors inside uh rooms and units uh
stopping anyone from moving around
anyone who moves around or come close to
a window he will be directly uh shut uh
the Palestinian Health ministry here in
Gaza said that they have made their
calls with the icrc with the United
Nations with some countries to uh help
EAS in the situation inside the ashif
hospital and at least Evacuate the
injuries and the premature babies
however uh they did not get any answer
back until uh now meanwhile the Israeli
forces continue striking the Gaza STP I
mean overnight and this morning at the
early hours of this morning were really
hard on the people of Gaza hundreds of
Earth strikes in Northern Gaza and
Central Gaza City the Palestinian Health
Ministry said that at least there's 120
people killed only in in Northern and
Central Gaza City overnight and at this
early hour of the morning also here in
southern Gaza where I am standing inside
the Shada Al AA hospital since the
morning uh they received the hospital
many injuries at 10th that were killed
just half an hour ago an Israeli W
targeted Abu D Family Home in a noat
refugi camp two children were killed one
woman and one man