so it's been more than 18 days since
Hamas broke through the Israeli
worldclass surveillance system and
rained down thousands of missiles in the
state of Israel which has resulted in
heavy casualties but has also impacted
the minds of the Holocaust Survivors who
are living in Israel now hundreds of
survivors of the Nazi Holocaust who live
in Israel are once again facing the
reality of war with a mask at this
moment in custody of nearly about 200
hostages Holocaust Survivors Serena
bloomfeld shares her experience
following the 7th of October attack by
Hamas and it's an interesting pel that
see she seems to be drawing isn't
it
as
the social workers who look after the
welfare of these Holocaust victims say
that most of the elderly citizens are
currently experiencing what is being
dubbed as a posttraumatic stress
disorder with constant triggers of the
current War around
them unfortunately for some of them H
this has been a
trigger H definitely
uh a a trigger for
PTSD H but not only and the stress of
the war the
alarms uh some of
them don't even want to go into a bomb
shelter they're so depressed they don't
care if they live or
die now the persecution of the Jews in
20th century Europe is seared into the
collective memory of the state of Israel
and since this war broke out in the
seventh of October leaders both at home
and abroad been quick to evoke memories
of the Holocaust when remember the
European Nazis and their collaborators
had systematically gone about murdering
innocent people that were 6 million Jews
across German occupied Europe and what
is happening at this moment is is being
dubbed as as something similar to what
is happened with the Jews in the
past VOR is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the move