and we have this breaking
in blinkin has compared the Hamas attack
on Israel with the Mumbai 26 11 attacks
that happened in 2008 he has called all
these acts an act of terrorism and
absolutely
unlawful the US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin has drawn a parallel
between the terrorist attacks by lashar
TBA in Mumbai in 2008 and Hamas in
Israel on the 7th
October he further emphasized that all
acts of terrorism are unlawful and
unjustifiable
[Music]
audio the United States does not seek
conflict with Iran we do not want this
war to widen but if Iran or its proxies
attack us Personnel
anywhere make no mistake we will defend
our people we will defend our security
swiftly and decisively it is no secret
to anyone in this room or on this
Council that for years Iran has
supported Hamas Hezbollah the houthis
and other groups that continue to carry
out attacks on Israel Iranian leaders
have routinely threatened to wipe Israel
off the map in recent weeks Iran's
proxies have repeatedly attacked us
Personnel in Iraq and Syria whose
mission is to prevent Isis from renewing
its Rampage to all the members of this
Council if you like the United States
want to prevent this conflict from
spreading tell Iran tell its proxies in
public in private through every means do
not open another front against Israel in
this conflict do not attack Israel's
partners
the United States does not seek conflict
with Iran we do not want this war to
widen but if Iran or its proxies attack
us Personnel
anywhere make no mistake we will defend
our people we will defend our security
swiftly and decisively it is no secret
to anyone in this room or on this
Council that for years Iran has
supported Hamas Hezbollah the houthis
and other groups that continue to carry
out attacks on Israel Iranian leaders
have routinely threatened to wipe Israel
off the map in recent weeks Iran's
proxies have repeatedly attacked us
Personnel in Iraq and Syria whose
mission is to prevent Isis from renewing
its Rampage to all the members of this
Council if you like the United States
want to prevent this conflict from
spreading tell Iran tell its proxies
in public in private through every means
do not open another front against Israel
in this conflict do not attack Israel's
Partners we