[Music]
there see that right there can you grab
that with an artery and pull on it
artery every day is a Breaking Point and
uh every day everyone just does the best
they can but the conditions aren't
sustainable it has to stop at some
point uh what do I want for the people
of Gaza I um want them to be able to
Hope again and this is ntic so working
here for 6 months non-stop I also wanted
to physically stand here and be in Gaza
uh stand here in solidarity be able to
look um my Palestinian colleagues in the
eye shake their hands just let them know
I'm here and just be present but uh
you're just you're scared all the time
because uh you don't feel safe uh cuz
there is no safe place in Gaza uh so
that makes you scared it made me scared
but you worked through the fear and what
what helped me was that um I looked
around and I was surrounded by good
people doing the right thing I was
surrounded by Palestinians who have been
living this way for for their whole
lives this is my third trip to Gaza I've
seen a lot of injuries done a lot of
amputations I've tried to fix a lot of
fractures and I've done them on people
of all ages little kids infants uh
adults um it's hard when you see it on
anyone but it's especially hard to see
it on on children what I'm seeing is a
is a group of kids that are um
traumatized uh abandoned they have these
feelings feelings of of hopelessness um
helplessness and uh they have a lot of
physical scars a lot of them have
shrapnel from head to toe but it's not
so much the physical scars uh CU those
can heal it's the it's the psychic
psychological scars those are the ones
um that take longer to heal doing an
amputation on a on a child is hard I I
remember a case of a a three-year-old
that lost her arm from an explosion and
uh the surgeon across from me just
started crying he in surgery
uh just couldn't take it anymore because
he just had seen so many and he had just
had enough you have this generation of
kids that are growing up um and all of
this is happening to them uh My worry is
that in the long run this could cause
more problems uh than this war itself I
rebuild and uh to be able to create a
bigger a better more hopeful Gaza where
children can go to
school um and can dream about growing up
to be whatever they want have a bright
future