[Music]
we are going to begin though with the
breaking news from Gaza where
Palestinian officials say unfortunately
more than 100 people are dead after an
attack in Gaza City hospitals are
overwhelmed with the injured the local
officials say the Israelis are
responsible TS tab has the latest from
Tel Aviv and we have to warn you here
this video is very disturbing MTS good
morning what happened
here gayy very serious issue unfolding
right now with eyewitnesses saying that
the Israeli military open fire in an
area near Gaza City where a crowd of
Palestinians had gathered in the hopes
of receiving desperately needed
humanitarian assistance while in his
statement an army spokesperson said that
dozens of people were injured as a
result of quote pushing and trampling as
they rushed for that Aid now the
violence comes as both Israel and Hamas
continue to negotiate for a
ceasefire a truck once carrying
life-saving in Aid now piled with the
bodies of those who had come in
desperation for help at Gaza City's
alifa hospital already barely
functioning doctors struggle to cope
with the large number of wounded in the
Central City of dear alala a CBS News
team was there when more wounded were
taken to hospital following an Israeli
attack on a crowded building an entire
family was killed all 36
people except for - old mhammed who says
all he wants is to see his mother's face
again as the unrelenting violence and
desperate scenes of starvation continue
so too are negotiations in Qatar between
Israel and Hamas for a ceasefire and
hostage release deal but there's still
no breakthrough in the talks mirav
benadi is an Israeli opposition
politician the clock is ticking so many
people want to see the hostages release
and a ceasefire in Gaza are you
confident we will see a deal in the next
few days we have to do everything in our
power
everything and bener also told us that
the next week or so is crucial the
Muslim holy month of Ramadan starts on
March 10th and she says if a deal isn't
in place before then it could inflame
tensions not only across Israel and the
occupied West Bank but also the wider
Middle East Nate MTS Tab and Israel
thank you