now israel is to hold a large-scale
drill simulating a widespread strike on
iran's nuclear facilities this drill
will be the country's largest military
exercise in decades also in the first
the united states will participate
supporting the israeli air force with
mid-air refueler tankers in a message of
unity against iran our correspondent
jody cohen who sent us this report
listen in
the collaboration between israel and the
u.s is expected to take place over the
mediterranean sea at the end of may as
part of israel's month-long chariots of
fire exercise
this drill involves nearly all units of
the israel defence forces the air force
will simulate an attack on iran's
nuclear facilities while the army trains
to defend israel against iranian-backed
hezbollah in lebanon
u.s central command chief michael
carrillo was welcomed in israel to
oversee the exercise
speaking at reichman university on
tuesday gantz warns that iran is just a
few weeks away from having enough
fissile material for a bomb and is
working to install 1 000 advanced
centrifuges with which to enrich uranium
iran is making an effort to complete the
manufacturing and installation of
thousand additional advanced ir6
centrifuges in its nuclear facilities
including new facilities being built at
underground sites
i'm standing by the israeli towers in
tel aviv which is on iran's published
list of civilian targets in israel now
as part of the chariots of fire drill
israel has reportedly expanded its list
of iranian military targets by 400
using artificial intelligence the drill
will simulate a strike on iran's nuclear
facilities a real strike wouldn't be
easy as the facilities are deep
underground and tehran's air defenses
are becoming increasingly sophisticated
israel would also have to contend with
retaliation both from iran and its
proxies throughout west asia and while
the u.s would prefer to revive the
stalls nuclear deal its participation in
the deal is a signal to iran that time
is running out this is jody cohen for we
on world is one
beyond is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move