we are here because the Prime Minister
minan didn't stop do Manan trucks over
there hundreds of humanitarian trucks
come inside to Gaza s
sweep and only for one side only for the
Palestinians there is no humanitarian
steps for our H just over the
there's no Red Cross visiting there's no
food there's no sign of life we don't
know who is life there or who is dead we
don't know nothing it's unbelievable and
unacceptable that the humanitarian
trucks come inside to Gaza Strip and if
the Prime Minister didn't do his job we
will do it here that it is a complete
absurdity that Gaza the Kamas gets to
have whatever he wants he needs uh all
kind of Supply in order to keep the war
on Israel and it is impossible that
Israel gives Hamas whatever they want
while Hamas doesn't give back anything
and we think that if they want to get
anything from Israel they should give
something back and in this case we want
to get the kidnapped
back what I was saying is look it's time
for an immediate pause in the fighting
because we've got to not only get the
aid in but crucially we've got to get
those hostages out and what I think we
can do now is plan for how you turn that
pause into a permanent sustainable
ceasefire without a return to fighting
that that's what I was pushing on him
and that's what I'll be talking about
here today now for that to happen a lot
of things would have to happen you'd
have to see uh the Hamas leadership
leave Gaza you'd have to see the
instruments of terrorism being
dismantled in in Gaza but you've also
got to see a political perspective so
that Palestinian people can see that
there is a route to having a Palestinian
state to having a new future so it's all
those things together that need to form
part of a proper plan