Squan was one of 30,000 Ties working in
Israel he moved there for 3 months to
work on a banana plantation near the
Gaza border hoping to earn enough to pay
off
debts heartbroken his mother recounted
her last conversation with her
son he said if something happens to me
mom please stay strong I replied don't
talk like that I was heartbroken I
pleaded for him to come back if the war
ended I also said my heart will shatter
if you don't return Then he said I need
to hang up I can take care of myself and
I'm afraid you'll worry he said it like
that she described hearing explosions in
the background and on Sunday she
received news that he had been shot by
militants NATA PA was working in Israel
too and is one of those taken hostage by
Hamas go
I want tell the Thai government to
please help my son I want them to
negotiate immediately I want them to
release my son help the hostages as soon
as possible this is all I want to
say most thae workers in Israel hail
from the impoverished Northeastern
regions of the country at home
agricultural wages are around $160 a
month but they can make around a th000
in Israel so many move there to repay
debts build up savings or send
remittances home to their families ties
make up the majority of Israel's Farm
labor in 2015 though Human Rights Watch
published a damning report on their
working conditions citing dangerous
exposure to pesticides uninvestigated
deaths and poor housing atit is a kabut
laborer whose Camp was evacuated this
week by
volunteers I want to go back home at the
camp there was no electricity and the
food was running
out
5,000 ties are awaiting repatriation
flights the first of which were
scheduled for Thursday and expected to
continue in the coming days