the United States has yet again vetoed
calls for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza
at the UN Security Council on Tuesday it
comes after the US proposed its own
draft urging a temporary ceasefire Isa
has the
details the US vetoed an Algerian Le
UNSC draft resolution which called for
an immediate ceasefire in Gaza on
Tuesday Washington argues that the draft
resolution would jeopardize ongoing
talks to end the war in the region
13 countries on the 15 member body un
Security Council voted in favor of
algeria's resolution while the UK
abstained however as a permanent member
the US has veto power the US veto comes
as it drafted its own resolution calling
for a ceasefire in Gaza however the
difference between both plans was the
timing of the ceasefire while the aerian
lead draft resolution called for an
immediate ceasefire the US draft calls
for a ceasefire as soon as is
practicable it also said that such a
ceasefire should take place on the
condition that all hostages are released
while urging the lifting of barriers
preventing aid from reaching Gaza it's
still uncertain when the UNC will vote
on the US Le proposal the US who are
close allies with Israel and refrained
from using the word ceasefire in a
previous draft resolution have not only
added the word in the recent proposal
but President Joe Biden has also
referred to a ceasefire as the two
allies have recently clashed over
Israel's operations in the Gaza Strip
the latest proposal also included a call
for Israel to not begin a ground assault
on the city of Rafa the UN has also
issued a warning that a pled Israeli
offensive against the city would lead to
a Slaughter around half of gaza's
population is now crammed into Rafa
after being forced to seek shelter there
since the start of the armed conflict
between Israel and Hamas e
news