now since the last few days we have been
telling you about the concerns of
Israel's strongest Ally amid its war
with Hamas well we're talking about the
United States of America which in past
which in past few days it has dispatched
advisers Urban Warfare experts as well
as sophisticated air defense systems to
Israel andit the reports that us has
urged a delay on the expensive Israeli
ground offensive into Gaza to secure its
interests well US President Joe Biden
has clarified that us made no such
demand take a
listen what I have indicated to him is
that if that's possible to get these
folks out safely that's what he should
do it's their decision but I did not
demand it I pointed out to him if it's
real it should be
done am at the ongoing War the US has
majorly increased its military presence
in the West Asian region while the
Pentagon has announced sending its
Patriot missile defense systems well it
has also repositioned its Eisenhower
strike group the US Navy will have a
carrier strike group off the shore of
Israel the for Carrier strike group and
also the icenhower strike group the
official reason for this buildup IS
preventing a wider Regional War but it
is also seen as us is prepping Israel
for a potential ground invasion of of
Gaza meanwhile the US deployment also
comes a matter a time when the US Army
base camps are being increasingly
attacked in Iraq and Syria since the
beginning of the Israel Hamas War while
nearly 24 American troops have been
injured in these attacks the Pentagon
says that between uh October 17th and
October 24th American and Allied Forces
in Iraq and Syria have been targeted at
least 13 times with with drones and
Rockets the deployment also comes as the
White House is preparing for the
possibility of evacuating hundreds of
thousands of Americans from West Asia
according to the US state department
estimates well there are about 600,000
Americans in Israel and another 86,000
belied to be in Lebanon that is when
Hamas
[Music]
attacked
by