there are also growing calls to release
the intelligence the Prime Minister says
may link India to the murder of a sick
activist in British Columbia the
accusation has created a diplomatic
Schism that today got even deeper ctv's
Annie Bergeron Oliver on the Canadian
Travelers now caught in the middle
consulates and the high Commission in
India while staff are being sent home
due to the online threats leveled at
Canadian diplomats we
call upon the government of India
to take seriously
this matter
and to work with us
to shed full transparency the Prime
Minister says Canada is safe but India
rejects that alleging today that
security threats added diplomatic
offices in Canada have impacted
day-to-day operations so much all Visa
processing is being suspended and that's
creating chaos and confusion at Visa
processing centers we're seeks right so
I I think it's just um very scary to go
back I think it's it's going to escalate
let's hope this resolves soon it doesn't
go beyond this this was an extreme move
Canadians represent roughly five percent
of all foreign Travelers entering India
which pre-pandemic came out to more than
300 000 people arriving every year all
of them need a visa a lot of Canadians
do have family living in India
um other than that you you know there's
a lot of business activity that's
happening in the recent past between
Canada and India this latest hit for
tout response follows a travel advisory
yesterday warning Indian citizens to be
extra vigilant in Canada and they all
booked today in advance for like six
months five months uh in advance and
they're all in limbo right now maninder
Singh owns a Montreal travel agency that
specializes in India he says the move
couldn't come at a worse time for
business it's busy season with the
climate in India more moderate this time
of year we barely
survived this the pandemic thing and a
couple of months the studies look good
and we started to make progress
and and certainly this we have invested
a big time today Justin Trudeau
reiterated that Canada has what he calls
are credible reasons to believe that an
agent of the Indian government was
involved in the killing of a BC Sikh
leader but he refused to release any
evidence Omar saying he will let the
Justice process unfold all right Annie
thank you