he is the most senior Hezbollah member
killed since the beginning of Israel's
war on Gaza on Monday the group
announced the death of wisam Al tail a
top commander of the elite and secretive
red one force that operates along the
border following a hit on his car
initially Tel Aviv only said it struck
Hezbollah military sits in Lebanon on
Monday it was later confirmed by foreign
minister Israel Katz speaking to
National media that the country was
behind the killing regarding the
elimination in southern Lebanon we took
rest responsibility for it it's part of
the war we hit terrorist in Fr and
system they place in order to deter
Israel in these photos published by the
group Al tail can be seen close to
leader Hassan Nala as well as top
Iranian General kasm sumani who headed
the Islamic revolutionary guard course
foreign operations until he was killed
in Iraq in a US strike in 2020 a
Hezbollah official told News Network AP
that the commander had a role in
sparking the summer 20 six war with
Israel following the crossb kidnapping
of two Israeli soldiers he also fought
in Syria civil war where he was in
charge of coordinating between the
Lebanese group and the Syrian Army in
the battles against the Islamic State
group his death comes one week following
the assassination of hamas's deputy
chief Sal Al aruri in Beirut and on the
same day as the death of another Hamas
official who was located in
Syria in Syria we have eliminated Hassan
hakal sha in beam
was responsible for launching rockets by
the Hamas Terror organization from
Syrian territory towards Israel in
recent weeks we will keep operating
against Hamas
leadership as us top Diplomat Anthony
blinkin is on a Middle East Tour to
prevent tensions from spiraling out of
control the recent assassinations have
sparked fears that the conflict will
spread across the
region