International humanitarian agencies are
defending casualty figures provided by
Palestinian officials in Hamas
controlled Gaza after US President Joe
Biden cast doubt on the numbers there's
no dispute that Israeli attacks on Gaza
have killed many people since Hamas
launched their own attack in southern
Israel on October
7th but Biden said on Wednesday he had
quote no confidence in the number that
the pal Palestinians are using without
saying why Omar Shakir is the Israel and
Palestine director for Human Rights
Watch one of the humanitarian agencies
defending the figures when we've done
independent investigations that verify
death tools for particular strikes our
numbers have always been generally
consistent with what the Ministry of
Health and Gaza has put out with no
major
discrepancies gaza's Health Ministry
responded with the release of a two 212
page document it contains the names and
identity numbers of around 7,000
Palestinians said to have been killed in
the Israeli bombardment of The
Enclave Israel has not provided its own
estimated death
toll the UN and other International
agencies say there can be small
discrepancies between the final casualty
numbers and those reported by gaza's
authorities in the immediate aftermath
of taxs however they consider them
broadly accurate Shakira said agencies
including the UN and the US state
department had previously cited the
gauen health ministry's figures this
creates a fog of War a fog of
misinformation which can provide
political cover for more largescale
atrocities to take place the
conversation should focus on how world
leaders can stop further Mass atrocities
and not nitpicking whether a number
that's generally proven to be accurate
may be a little bit off calculating
death tolls is a difficult task
Palestinian officials reported
difficulty in identifying and Counting
victims after some attacks because of
dismemberment on Friday a World Health
Organization official said the agency
had received estimates that some 1,000
unidentified bodies were still buried
under the rubble in Gaza but did not
reveal the source
those Figures were not yet included in
death
tolls