[Music]
is a broken man after his factory was
destroyed in the 11-day israeli
bombardment on gaza in may he used to
have more than 16 people working for him
making compressors solar energy boards
and other products to sell now his
business has come to a standstill
the world is supposed to stand by us and
support us
there is no lending no way for debts
repayment no reconstruction no good
living conditions
now i am forced to choose between doing
labor work or migrating
and even if i could do labor work there
are no job
opportunities abu hassan says more than
50 people rely on him to survive so he
had to borrow more money and open this
nine metre square store in which he
earns barely a fraction of what he used
to our financial situation was excellent
and we indeed had properties but they
are all in the past now we had to sell
most of it and our savings are no longer
enough for anything it is not enough to
pay off our debts or to build homes
educate and feed our children this is a
tragedy
the euro mediterranean human rights
monitor says gaza's unemployment rate
rose to more than 50 last year from 23.6
in 2005.
one of the highest in the world likewise
poverty has risen sharply to 69 percent
in 2021 from 40 in 2005. it says if the
blockade is not lifted the situation is
only expected to get worse
unfortunately these rates will continue
to rise as long as the israeli siege on
gaza continues and as long as the
international community continues to
disregard it instead of pressuring
israel to end this illegal and
illegitimate blockade it's been more
than 16 years since israel imposed its
blockade on gaza human rights
organizations are calling for an intuit
to allow freedom of movement once again
and to stop collectively punishing gaza
civilians so instead of businesses here
going from riches to rags they can try
to turn their fortunes around nizar
sadawi trt world
gaza
[Music]
you