a major setback today for hostage
negotiations an Israeli official tells
CBS News Hamas is unable to locate 40
Israeli hostages for a possible
ceasefire deal this all raising fears
tonight for families that their loved
ones have died CBS Deborah P reports
tonight on the war that just entered its
seventh
month Palestinians prey amidst the
rubble and ruin of Gaza marking the end
of Ramadan with the Muslim holiday of
Eid alfit
for many the day was spent in mourning
at the grave s sites of loved ones
killed in over half a year of War it's
enough God Anam ABD soed enough with war
instead of a joyful occasion filled with
children's laughter for this grandmother
it was a day of heartbreak as she said a
final farewell to her grandchild while
their father cradles the body of his
youngest son his wife and three children
were killed in central Gaza and for
Hamas Chief ishma hania the conflict
became personal this is the moment he
received the news that his three adult
sons and four grandchildren were killed
in an Israeli air
strike as the war drags on and the
humanitarian crisis worsens The Wider
the rift grows between the US and Israel
with President Biden yesterday sharply
criticizing the way prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu was conducting this
War I think what he's doing is a mistake
and today reiterating that he expected
Netanyahu to make good on his promise to
flood Gaza with Aid and the fact is that
we're they're getting in somewhere in
the last 3 days over 100 trucks is not
enough the rift between the US and
Israel comes at a precarious time
tonight we are learning that the
commander of US forces in the Middle
East is heading to is Israel amid
increasing concerns that Iran is
preparing to launch a major attack
against Israel in retaliation for last
week's bombing of the Iranian Consulate
in Damascus Nora they're on high alert
Deborah Pata thank you