well I'm always concerned of course but
I think there's an exchange within what
sort of an equation a dialogue in Fire
Within some kind of boundar boundaries
that we are holding for already a few
months nobody wants to extend it to a
full scale War it might be extended I
think they show and they have proven Kad
that they have quite good knowledge
about our military bases and maybe iron
batteries and this is where they are
hinting but we already improve but on
the overall picture we have to
understand that is paying dearly for his
involvement in this conflict I mean
we've been killing more than 300 of its
soldiers leaders Weaponry C but still
the issue that we are facing is the
evacuation of our citizens how do we
bring them back under what kind of
condition we did succeed to push way of
the Border but maybe it's not enough as
a precondition for us bringing back our
citizen we want to avoid the war they
want also to avoid the war but who knows
assuming diplomatics solution isn't uh
isn't uh found for the northern border
with that that conflict zone between the
IDF and Hezbollah what sort of of War
what sort of conflict would that look
like on the ground realistically would
it look similar to what we're seeing in
Gaza with ground troops going into
Lebanon would it be more of an exchange
of Rocket fire yeah I'll tell you what's
the difficulty the difficulty that if we
go as we might want to do to go to a
limited campaign contained in the
southern of Lebanon creating this bazer
this security Zone that we want even not
through diplomatic means but just by
fire by pushing them away by maneuvering
in terms of ground forces or by using
artillery or whatever this still might H
we might not be able to contain it it
was amamos hin in his previous visit
that said listen up a Content military
campaign that would involve ground
troops Isel ground troops in the
southern in southern Lebanon might well
extend to a full-blown War watch out so
we have to take this into consideration
but it's we have to knowe that they we
succeeded to push them away from the
border I mean in but let's say that in
the in the circumstances that we are now
had we not evacuated our citizen we
would be in a very good position with
respect to this Northern front that we
are facing