at least 16 people were killed when a
strike hit a residential building in
Rafa on
Monday as Israel continues its military
campaign by air on gaza's Southernmost
city Israel wants to go further with a
planned ground offensive but us
officials are imploring them not to the
safety of the 1.5 million Palestinian
civilians in Rafa is also a top priority
for the United States now we continue to
the goal of seeing Hamas defeated so
we'll discuss alternative approaches to
Target Hamas elements in his meeting
with Israeli defense minister yua
Gallant us defense secretary L Austin
also urged Israel to allow more
humanitarian assistance in amid a
looming famine in Gaza the US message on
Aid and Rafa was conveyed to Gallant by
other Administration officials including
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin and
White House National Security adviser
Jake Sullivan it's unclear whether
Israel will heed the warning gallan said
he wants the US to ramp up weapons
transfer to Israel we will also discuss
strategic issues and the
important cooperation with between our
establishment which will ensure Israel's
military Edge and the capabilities the
US provides Israel with 4 billion a year
in Aid including $3.3 billion that
Israel must use to purch purchase Us
weapons the the best case scenario would
be that if the US actually did use its
abundant leverage um both unilaterally
and multilaterally um to try to bring
about a ceasefire on Monday the US used
its diplomatic leverage with an
extension at the UN that allowed the
security Council to adopt a resolution
demanding an immediate ceasefire and the
release of hostages held by Hamas but so
far President Joe Biden has not
indicated a willingness to condition
military aid despite protests calling
him to end his support for Israel patus
v news
Washington