adjusting to normal life after four
months in a high security prison was not
easy for 14-year-old
Ahmed despite his ordeal he has great
Ambitions he wants to be a lawyer he
says he was among the youngest of the
many Palestinian Children released from
Israel's prisons during a short-lived
truce last month but to his and his
father's surprise he was barred from
resuming his classes at a public school
in occupied East
Jerusalem his father says the school
claimed to be under instructions from
the municipality and Israel's Ministry
of Education not to readmit any pupil
released from prison in the swap
deal he says actions like these erode
any future prospects for all Palestinian
children he knows this all too well
after being imprisoned for 6 years when
he was
younger
I raised this issue on social media
because it affects everyone in the
jerusalemite community we are a people
under occupation our children are
exposed to arrest at a rate of 70% today
or much more most of our children are
exposed to being jailed and if they are
barred from school it is a disaster for
our
society despite a number of issues with
the education system here in the
occupied territories educ ation is and
will remain a fundamental right for all
children denying them that right would
be a breach of international
law Muhammad D is a member of Israel's
bar of attorneys he says this decision
is also in violation of Israel's own
laws does that really serve the
interests of anybody to have kids on the
streets minors at the age of or
teenagers out of the school system will
that give more security to Israel than
having them in educational
system ahed says he hopes to join his
classmates again
soon my message is that I want to go
back to my school and I want to learn
the Israelis want us to stay in the
streets to throw stones at them and then
be arrested we want to Lear there's been
no official announcement from Israel
preventing former detainees from
resuming their
studies but many here say these
decisions are being enforced by
right-wing members of Israel's
government exploiting the war on Gaza to
extend the reach of Israel's occupation
of the Palestinian
people Rahul Rak Krishan trt World
occupied East
[Music]
Jerusalem