President Biden yesterday met with a
former hostage of Hamas who was just
four years old Israeli American Abigail
Idan was orphaned in the October 7th
attack she was freed last November but
more than 130 other hostages are still
being held among them is Israeli
American HS Goldberg pollen who was
recently shown in a Hamas propaganda
video de P spoke to his
mother Shalom the Hamas propaganda video
showing Rachel Goldberg pollen's son
hirs speaking with an amp mutated hand
is the first proof of life she's had
since he texted her on October 7 saying
I love you HH and I are both left-handed
and now he's not left-handed anymore it
was uh
truly just an overwhelming moment in
recorded messages Goldberg pollen has
repeatedly urged her son to stay strong
we love you stay strong survive I is a
very powerful moment as a mother I don't
know if he hears it or if he feels it or
if he knows it but I am ordering him to
survive it must have been a very
difficult Passover oh seder was brutal
and I think that that was the right
seder it was the authentic thing to be
doing was to be crying crying out and
begging for
Freedom remarkably Goldberg pollen's
anguish over her son's abduction has not
prevented her from seeing the suffering
of others hundreds of thousands of
innocent people in Gaza are
suffering and I know one of them really
well and his name is hirsh her message
to those negotiating a deal it requires
loving and caring about your people more
than you hate the other
let's be
human let's figure it out and let's end
this until then Goldberg pollen says she
will run to the end of the Earth to
bring her son home for CBS mornings
Deborah patter Jerusalem