this is the Bon SOA cemetery near hunis
in the south of palestine's Gaza it was
partially destroyed by the Israeli
military which claimed there was a 20 M
deep tunnel run by Hamas under the
burial site the claim has now been
debunked in an investigation by CNN
which made several requests to see the
alleged tunnel for itself but was denied
access as military officials said there
was sensitive Machinery underground and
the structure was unstable instead CNN
was given a tour of the site near the
cemetery which officials said led into
the tunnel system and an underground
Command Center however no evidence was
provided to substantiate the claim that
there was actually a tunnel below the
cemetery furthermore the Israeli
military failed to provide CNN with a
video of the tunnel shaft in the
enormous hole despite having said they
would and instead shared Drone footage
that showed two other alleged tunnel
entrances near the cemetery CNN used
satellite imagery to locate the
underground part of the system that
Israel claimed h MOS used but found that
neither of the tunnel entrances was
located in the Cemetery grounds while a
commander of the Israeli Army's 98th
division claimed that the underground
Command Center was directly below the
cemetery a map released by the military
placed the command center outside the
graveyard the military did not reveal
what it did with the bodies it had
Unearthed but a source at gaza's
Ministry of religious Affairs told AFP
that Israel had stolen bodies from the
cemetery the bonisa cemetery is one of
at least 16 cemeteries destroyed by the
Israeli military in The besieged Enclave
since October 7 although destroying
cemeteries is generally considered a war
crime under international law the
Israeli Army maintained that the heavy
damage to the cemetery was necessary to
uncover the tunnel it alleged was
beneath the surface however the military
has yet to account for its destruction
of 15 other cemeteries in
Gaza