it's a times now super exclusive uh
Mumbai girl is also fighting the war in
Israel and times now has spoken to this
Brave girl from Mumbai who has joined
Israel's fight against
Hamas K can you tell me something about
your father from which place he came out
to this place H my father is a c in
Israel he come from mumb Mumbai how you
feel to be part of Israel for I love to
be here I want to be here I here from my
it's my cho cho for H to be here yes and
I love my country I doing everything for
my country and uh how how much you know
about India how you feel about India I
love India I'm from India so I'm India I
love India I love the people in India
and the
if the fight is over I come to India you
are ready to fight against Hamas of
course I don't be here if I can't you I
won I won yes it's my country you feel
you feel bad the way they killed
innocent people for my country yes of
course this is the reason I'm here this
is the reason I I'm
so sad
and
it's hard it was by choice you joined
yes of course you love uniform of course
and all right we continue getting you
these ground reports and voices from
Israel but as of now we're slipping into
a way quick break here we'll be right
back to stay with
us from the heart of the world's most
volatile
region most comprehensive andless C as
CL is the heart of the conflict once
again they firing missiles and Rockers
hear the voices of those directly
impacted his hand caught injured your
son is also injured someone answered the
phone and said to ask that they are
kidnapped and they are in stay informed
and make sense of the
chaos time now Israel war coverage your
souls to the heart of the chaos