Rin searched the rubble of a mosque for
signs of Life flattened by an Israeli
air strike in Rafa six civilians were
killed including a child dozens more
were
injured stop the war it's enough we are
drained everyone is drained children are
gone and adults are gone everyone is
gone and the world is
watching my friends and I were heading
to the musque for prayers when we had
the news as you can see they destroyed
people they destroyed us despite
international calls for a ceasefire to
allow the delivery of critical Aid and
the release of the remaining hostages
family members of Israelis being held in
Gaza blocked an aid shipment from
entering the strip on Thursday through
the Karam Abu salm border crossing
completely doesn't make any sense that
Gaza will get anything while our
kidnapped people are still there and we
don't know what is their fate so if they
want to get anything from us they should
give back all the kidnapped people back
but an unverified leaked recording of
the Israeli Prime Minister could put
those hostage negotiations at risk after
he blamed Qatar for the delay in
securing a new
agreement I have no Illusions about them
they go leverage why do they have
leverage because Qatar are funding Hamas
I was very angry recently and I didn't
hide it from the Americans as they
renewed the contract of the military
base they have with Qatar why didn't you
say anything I'm asking you to return
the hostages to us this is pressure why
because Qatar has pressure on Hamas
first of all put pressure on Qatar
overnight qatar's foreign Ministry
spokesperson responded saying he was
appalled UK foreign minister David
Cameron arrived in Doha on Thursday to
oversee the delivery of 16 tons of tens
to the Gaza Strip he says it's time for
Benjamin Netanyahu to come to the table
is look it's time for an immediate pause
in the fighting because we've got to not
only get the aid in but crucially we've
got to get those hostages out and what I
think we can do now is plan for how you
turn that pause into a permanent
sustainable ceasefire without a return
to fighting that's what I was pushing on
him and that's what I'll be talking
about here today you with hope of an
imminent pause gazin are left to pick up
the pieces of their lives blown apart by
Israel oito TR
world