the death toll in Gaza continues to
mount three more bodies are brought to a
hospital in Rafa they were killed and
overnight Israeli air strikes and the
Gaza Health Ministry says they pushed
the death toll in the strip Beyond
27,000 in Tel Aviv some of the most
passionate calls yet to get Hamas to
release the remaining roughly 130
hostages talks for a second truce seemed
close a Palestinian official says that
Hamas will likely approve a proposal but
will want assurances that Israel is
committed to ending the war pending
approval by the Israeli War cabinet the
deal reportedly could lead to a 40-day
suspension of hostilities and see the
remaining hostages released meanwhile
the Israeli military says it's wrapping
up its effort to root out Hamas in Han
Yunis which has seen a mass Exodus now
the military says it's heading South
toward Rafa a terrifying Prospect for
the Gaza residents who are Sheltering
there and for this overwhelmed maternity
hospital we are in catastrophic stage
right now because of War as you see more
than 60 patient more than 65 patient in
just 20 incubator more than two to three
patient in each incubator the situation
here is more than catastrophe in the US
President Joe Biden signed an executive
order imposing sanctions on a handful of
Israeli illegal settlers involved in
violence against Palestinians in the
occupied West Bank Biden made the
announcement as he arrived to protests
in Michigan a crucial state in his
reelection bid and home to the largest
group of Arab Americans they voted
overwhelmingly for Biden in 2020 but are
turning against him now with an
abandoned Biden campaign I just want to
say to Mr Biden that you are absolutely
not welcome in Michigan our trust
bestowed upon you through our votes has
been shattered as as we feel deceived
and robbed of our hard-earned money
which you dedicated towards Israel
unleashing havoc on innocent lives and
these demonstrators say the die is
already cast that Biden cannot win back
their votes in November no matter what
happens
next Andy Rosen trt
world