uh we are here at what is an extremely
difficult and very tenuous time for for
the region in the wake of the slaughter
perpetrated by
amas um we came here with four key
objectives to make clear that the United
States stands with
Israel to prevent the conflict from
spreading to other
places to work on securing the release
of hostages including American citizens
and to address the humanitarian crisis
that exists in Gaza um we started as you
know in in Israel and it was important
to make it very clear that the United
States has Israel's back we will stand
it today tomorrow and every day and
we're doing that in word and also In
Deed I spent time with prime minister
Netanyahu to go through the needs that
Israel may have to um make sure it can
effectively defend itself
uh and you've already seen a lot of that
assistance moving forward and that's a
conversation that'll continue um Israel
has the right indeed it has the
obligation to defend itself against
these attacks from Hamas and to try to
do what it can to make sure that this
never happens
again as I said in Tel Aviv as President
Biden has said the way that Israel does
this matters uh needs to do it in a way
that affirms uh the shared values that
we have for human life and human dignity
taking every possible precaution to
avoid harming
civilians um after we uh left Israel
we've gone now to I think I've lost
track but to six countries in the region
Jordan uh Bahrain qter the United Arab
Emirates Saudi Arabia now here in Egypt
and the purpose of um seeing all of our
partners was first inform most to listen
to them to hear how they're seeing this
crisis and to look at what we can do
together uh to deal with many of the
concerns that it's raised