under the constant Israeli bombardment
Palestinians in Gaza face another less
visible threat makeshift shelters
surrounded by sewage and waste have
become a Haven for disease gaza's Health
Ministry says an outbreak of hepatitis A
is
spreading we've received so many
patients in the A&E and the outpatients
department the reason behind the large
numbers of hepatitis patients are the
densely populated shelters and the
current situation that led to poor
hygiene in addition to the polluted
drinking water that is not suitable for
human beings also sewage systems are not
working and there are rivers of sewage
around schools shelters mosques and
everywhere
else hepatitis A is a highly contagious
liver virus that causes diarrhea
vomiting fever and JIS it's rarely
chronic but with gaza's health system
near collapse it could prove fatal for
the most most
vulnerable my daughter's face and eyes
looked yellowish so I came to the
hospital to treat her they told me that
she has hepatitis A due to the pollution
the densely populated shelters and the
spread of garbage on the roads as far as
I know this disease is
dangerous the disease has a long
incubation period and doctors in Gaza
warn the number of cases could rise
rapidly in the coming weeks children and
the elderly are are especially at
risk my son didn't eat for a few days
and he suffers from hepatitis his face
and eyes look yellowish and he feels
pain in his stomach for most of the time
if he eats something or drinks anything
he
vomits the World Health Organization has
warned that disease and hunger could
eventually claim more lives in Gaza than
the war itself right now Palestinians
have no Escape from either fredia car Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz