[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
we still believe that these are
conversations worth having and we're
going to continue to have them with our
Israeli counterparts because we still
believe in the value of of uh of
temporary humanitarian causes again
localized for specific purposes to get
things in and to get people out
including hostages we still think
there's value to that and we're going to
continue to to make that case and and to
have that discussion not only with
Israel but with other partners in the
region and I would say as I said earlier
we believe we're at the beginning of
these conversations not the
[Music]
end
[Music]
you might recall that um in the early
goings here uh uh Israel was very
resistant to humanitarian assistance
getting in at all uh and we persisted we
continue to persist and humanitarian Aid
is getting in again not to the degree we
want it to I'm not going to show sug
coat it but but uh but my goodness based
on our constant engagement we've been
able to make a big difference and
there's no other country outside the
region that's working harder than the
United States to keep that Aid going so
we're going to continue to to focus on
humanitarian deposits for that very
[Music]
purpose
[Music]
Gaza is becoming a graveyard for
children hundreds of girls and boys are
reportedly being killed or injured every
day more journalists have reportedly
been killed over a 4-week period than in
any conflict in at least three
decades more United Nations Aid workers
have been killed than in any comparable
period in the history of our
organization The Way Forward is clear a
humanitarian is fire now all parties
respecting all their obligations and
international humanitarian law now this
means the unconditional release of the
hostages in Gaza
now
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
he
[Music]
[Music]
I
[Music]
[Music]
he
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]