the Israeli nation state continues to
restrict freedom and undermine equality
for Palestinian citizens of Israel as
well as those in the West Bank in Gaza
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
a free Palestine
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I don't think that it's anti-semitic to
criticize Israel in the critical times
that we live in it's more important than
ever to distinguish between legitimate
critiques of Israeli policies and
hostility towards a faith-based group
which is not when people are critical at
the Israeli State they are not
discriminating against someone's Jewish
faith they are two very separate things
what they are doing is criticizing an
Israeli state and a movement that
continues to enforce decades of
unrelenting
worsening military occupation brutality
and human rights abuses the recent
decision by CNN to fire mark Lamont Hill
few comments even on Palestine is not
only outrageous but I think deeply
hypocritical on the part of CNN many
Israeli officials as well as pro-israeli
commentators in the US and in the UK
regularly make comments that make clear
that they don't believe in a two-state
solution that they believe Israel should
exist as a state from the river to the
sea and these positions are accepted as
normal they are accepted as normal
despite the fact that they mean the
continuation of the dispossession of
Palestinians and their treatment as
second-class citizens
at best arguing that is anti-semitic
only works if one accepts that all Jews
can be equated with Zionism and with the
State of Israel which i think is a
fundamentally anti-semitic position in
itself these methods aren't you they've
been used to silence Palestinians and
activists alike who object to Israel's
continued takeover or their lands but
this will only give them more reason to
amplify their voices and their criticism
of the Israeli state in a public sphere
that is clearly otherwise trying to
silence them and hide the truth