Israeli troops are now in the heart of
Gaza City Israeli air strikes and ground
operations in the besieged Gaza Strip
have so far killed more than 10,000
people according to Gaza officials
Israel has agreed to humanitarian pauses
to allow people to leave Gaza US
President Joe Biden has welcomed these
pauses Israel's defense minister y Galan
says that Israeli forces are near the
alifa hospital and the Gaza
port
for Galan claimed that the IDF is using
new methods to destroy the tunnels
however he didn't give any details about
these methods IDF has meanwhile released
a video that claims to give evidence of
misuse of the hospital by Hamas in the
video a militant talks a militant talk
about how the alifa hospital has been
used for Hamas
activities
meanwhile a huge cloud of smoke Rose in
Northern Gaza after Israeli air strikes
targeted
infrastructure
with the non-stop strikes making it
difficult to send in much needed Aid
Israel has agreed to 4-Hour military
pauses in Northern Gaza daily US
National Security spokesperson John
Kirby said there will now be two
humanitarian corridors for people
fleeing Northern Gaza the agreement was
later detailed by the state department
turkey has sent a ship loaded with field
hospital equipment ambulances and
generators to Egypt the ship carrying 51
containers of medical supplies
generators and 20 ambulances is expected
to arrive at Egypt's al-arish port on
November 11th more than 10,500 people
have been killed in the Gaza Strip since
the 7th of October over 20,000 people
have been injured and more than a
million displaced the third of the
region has been turned to Rubble
meanwhile thousands continue to leave
the northern part of the strip for the
South Reviving The horrific memories of
nakba that took place 75 years ago and
forced hundreds and thousands of
Palestinians out of their
land we on world is one is now available
in your country download the app now and
get all the news updates on the move