in the big International story on the
Israel Hamas war will we see the release
of some of the hostages
today according to the deal according to
the ceasefire that deal is starting to
take place today Qatar has said the
ceasefire will begin today as part of
the deal Qatar is one of the mediators
and not surprising why the first batch
of the hostages will be released today
13 hostages will be released today
remember there have been uh videos that
were captured by Hamas or in the Gaza
STP itself where there were women
children young women who are being taken
in a blooded situation being dragged
pulled pushed into these vehicles
terrible situation for the past uh over
a month now for them who will be the 13
hostages that will be released remember
however this is possibly in exchange of
a ceasefire for the next few days but
also a release of Palestinian prisoners
almost double in
number uh the beginning of the pause
will be 7 a.m. Friday the 24th of
November and it will last of course as
agreed for four uh days and uh the first
uh patch of civilians to to be released
from razza will be around 400 p.m. of
the same day they will be 13 in number
all women and uh children and uh those
hostages who are from the same families
will be uh put together within the same
patch obviously every day will include a
number of uh of civilians as agreed to
Total 50 within the four days and of
course our aim is for this deal to end
with a lasting uh truth right now uh of
course the confines of this deal are
these four days uh that are subject to a
second phase uh uh and you know
following phases of expanding the uh the
uh the the the PA through uh the formula
of getting more hostages out and for
getting more time for uh for the PS we
are hoping that that that momentum will
carry and that we would find uh this
would open the door for further and more
uh deep negotiations towards an end
to