Israeli American toddler Abigail Idan
was among 17 hostages that the militant
group Hamas released Sunday her mom was
killed in front of her when her when her
kabut was attacked by Hamas Terrorist on
October 7th Abigail ran to her dad then
who then was gunned down gunned down as
well while using his body to Shield L
Abigail US President Joe Biden shed
light on the Diplomatic efforts that
have been at play to secure the Hamas
Israel temporary ceasefire we've been in
close contact with the leaders of cutter
Egypt and Israel speaking with each one
of them repeatedly over the past few
weeks to help secure this deal to proof
that this is working and worth pursuing
further is in every smile and every
grateful tear we see on the faces of
those families who are finally getting
back together again the road to recovery
could be long though physically many of
them are doing
okay uh emotionally and psychologically
this is going to take a long time to
recover from and Israel and other
countries have mobilized substantial
resources to be able to deal with that
trauma uh as we go forward as part of
the truths dos of Palestinian prisoners
have also been freed and Fuel and
humanitarian Aid has been entering Gaza
but it's unclear if the ceasefire will
hold or be extended when this ceasefire
period ends
um as Netanyahu has said the conflict
will continue and that conflict will
continue as is Israel has stated until
Hamas is removed there are hopes however
that a permanent solution to the Israel
Hamas conflict can be eventually reached
until there is an independent
Palestinian State uh there is not going
to be peace or Security in that region
from the Vatican Pope Francis also
underscored the importance of dialogue
to resolve the conflict and celebrated
theate latest release of
hostages Veronica vasias vaa News
Washington