the Iranian influence looms large in
Lebanon and Hezbollah is the strongest
and most powerful of Iran's
proxies this Fighters funeral was a
chance to show not just the Hezbollah
strength in numbers but the Loyalty it
can call on against the common enemies
and they start this devoted Allegiance
very young
those of us in Lebanon and everyone who
is part of the axis of the resistance
everywhere we're not going to surrender
and no one can frighten us or any
partner in this
axis and that is the real risk and the
message from Hezbollah and Iran hit us
and you hit us all and the access covers
Yemen Iraq and Syria as well as
lebanon's powerful militia it's not
really known how strong his is in terms
of numbers of Fighters some saying could
be as many as 15,000 Fighters impossible
to tell all we can tell is that there
are a lot of them and they are growing
stronger the bombing on the southern
Lebanese Israeli border has intensified
over the past few days and with it
tensions have soared over Israeli
military intentions this side of the
Border there are already tens of
thousands living rough after being
forced out of their homes to get out of
the line of fire they can't keep up with
demand and those in need keeps Rising
now for me yes it's War it's war war in
fact it's War because daily we we saw
the Pumped we listen the voice of the
airplanes the it's very very hard
situation the hijazi family including an
elderly grandmother and 11 young
children are sleeping in a classroom now
uncertain about when or what they'll
return
to when the phosphorus bombs hit the
ground they produce some sort of yellow
powder and there's a disgusting smell
all our lands are like this over South
is like
this war is stressful and in these
conditions it doesn't take much to spark
a
fight they've suffered a lot here
already and right now the funerals of
Fighters are sometimes several times a
day but the Hezbollah hierarchy as well
as the rank and file seem to be
signaling they don't want an allout War
but they're ready for one perhaps the
only certainty is that the dangers of an
escalation still very much remain and
nothing has remove that so far