we start with the latest developments in
Gaza more hostages have been released on
the sixth day of the ceasefire between
Israel and Hamas mediators are pushing
for another extension of the troths
that's set to expire on Wednesday P has
a
latest with the extended ceasefire in
Gaza set to expire early Thursday an
Israeli official has reportedly said it
could possibly be extended by another 2
to 3 days citing an unnamed Israeli
official involved in the negotiating
process Reuters reported that there are
still women and children being held by
Hamas to cover at least two more days
based on the rate of releases so far
this comes as negotiators including
Qatar Egypt and the US continue to work
toward another potential extension of
the pause in fighting we're hopeful uh
That the Truth uh can be extended but as
I said in the council this is all in the
hands of Hamas the Israelis have said if
they continue to release uh 10 hostages
a day they will extend uh by a day so it
truly is uh it is in their hands but I
do think there is a potential for that
uh and we're actively working uh to
extend the the uh the
deal the Israeli military has said a new
group of 10 Israelis four Tha Nationals
and two Israeli Russians were released
late Wednesday local time from the Gaza
Strip the hostages were handed over to
the Red Cross by Hamas Israel is also
set to released 30 Palestinian women and
children over the first 5 days of the
truce which began last Friday Hamas
released 81 hostages and Israel freed
180 Palestinians from prison mainly
women and minors meanwhile Hamas has
claimed a 10-month old hostage who
believed to be the youngest captive was
killed during Israeli bombing the
militant group group said he was killed
along with his four-year-old brother and
their mother Israel which has been
accusing Hamas of using civilians as
human Shields said it is assessing the
claim Pang news