why are Egypt building a buffer zone at
the ruer border and what does this mean
for the Palestinians in Gaza and how
would this affect Egypt and Israel's
1979 Peace Treaty let's break it down
since October Israel has crammed most of
the 2.2 million Palestinians in Gaza in
TFA as you can see Egypt shares a border
with Gaza known as the Philadelphia
Corridor and it is the only Border in
Gaza where the flow of people is not
controlled by Israel there has been
International pressure on Egypt to open
their borders and allow Palestinians
from Gaza to seek refuge in Cena but
Egypt's President has repeatedly said
that this will not happen images and
videos have surfaced online of an area
being built in Cena surrounded by a 7 m
high wall Egyptian officials have
expressed that this buffer zone could
potentially host up to 100,000
Palestinian refugees if Israel is
successful in pushing them out of Rafa
but what is a buffer zone the buffer
zone refers to an an area that separates
hostile forces or nations in this case
Egypt Gaza and Israel which brings us to
the 1979 Israel and Egypt peace treaty
this comes after five Wars over three
decades and was a turning point for
relations in the region one of the
conditions of this peace treaty is that
Israel's occupation of Egypt Cena
Peninsula ended and that Egypt would
regain control of the border between
Egypt and Rafa but in 2023 Israel's
prime minister said that the
Philadelphia Corridor must be an hands
and anyone that stops them is supporting
Hamas but this could have detrimental
effects for Israeli Egyptian relations
moving forward however the issue of this
border is a bit complicated so I will be
breaking that down in another video on
top of all of this Israel has attacked
Rafa the last safe Zone left in Gaza and
has voiced numerous times that other
countries should absorb the Palestinians
which brings us back to what this means
for more than half of gaza's population
who have nowhere to go Israel's allies
have strongly advised against pushing
Palestinians out of Gaza or for them to
reoccupy this area but Israeli leaders
have said
otherwise but will Israel follow through
and worsen this already catastrophic
humanitarian
disaster