Vienna Bloomberg's John ehrlichman to
Washington Ontario conservative and
one-time leadership candidate Michael
Chong has been asked to share his
experience as a target of beijing's
foreign interference with Congress ctv's
Annie Bergeron Oliver has more
clearly a genocide is taking place in
xinjiang an outspoken critic targeted by
China Michael Chong is now getting set
to give his take to U.S lawmakers
studying Chinese threats at a special
Congressional commission my case happens
to be a very high profile case but there
are many many Canadians have been
targeted by Beijing here on Canadian
soil and who have suffered in silence
Chong has first-hand experience to bring
to the Americans I am far from alone in
experiencing beijing's foreign
interference threat activities he's been
the subject of Chinese disinformation
campaigns online and in 2021 he and his
family were targeted by China after he
spoke out about the country's treatment
of the minority uyghurs the government
needs to take this serious National
threat for what it is and to take it
seriously and to take action to counter
it since then several other MPS have
been briefed by thesis and told they too
have been targeted I'd like to see the
government
um actually come out with a national
security strategy or at least come out
with a strategy to counter hostile State
activities the opposition parties all
want the Canadian government to launch a
public inquiry but months after the idea
was first floated it still hasn't
happened though a senior government
Source says an announcement could come
before Parliament resumes in
mid-september we could have been there
by already been in the inquiry by now so
that is very frustrating A frustration
for China experts too the Congress will
ask Mr Chong what he knows about Chinese
State harassment of himself and his
family but also for him to talk about
why the Canadian government has not been
more proactive in coming up with a
public inquiry tonight a seed your
government Source tells CTV news that
there are now a few people open to the
idea of leading the public inquiry Chong
testifies in Washington vashi on
September 12th
thanks so much Annie Annie Bergeron
Oliver in Ottawa