Isis is claiming responsibility for
those twin blasts in southern Iran
yesterday that claimed dozens of lives
word of that comes as the UN Security
Council issued a statement condemning
the attack let's bring in journalist
Iris mackler she is tracking this
unfolding story for us from Jerusalem
Iris what more can you tell us about
this claim and its significance given
the heightened tensions across the
Middle East right
now uh we heard within the last hour
that there was a statement issued uh by
um Isis by the Islamic State uh and it
said that it had carried out this attack
it spoke in disparaging terms about the
Shia just a reminder Iran is ruled by
the Shia um Ayatollah uh Isis the
Islamic state is a a Sunni group uh no
love lost there uh and that's what we
have at the moment yesterday we were
discussing who it might be when there
was no claim would it was it in internal
enemies uh Kurds other groups Arab
groups in the south of the country who
are opposed to the Iranian rule uh was
it the Islamic State was it Israel so I
think in some ways the fact that there's
a claim that takes Israel off the table
uh might calm things down because
there's been the attack two nights ago
uh by Israel in um Lebanon that killed
the number two of Hamas Salah Lauri you
know Israel hasn't confirmed that the
fact that there was then this attack uh
in Iran and then an attack today in Iraq
on Shia linked Shia militias linked to
Iran that really ratcheted up the
tension for tahan uh and as you know
when when when there's tension for Teran
there's tension for the entire region so
in um a counterintuitive way knowing
that this might that this was an attack
by Islamic State might actually uh calm
things slightly uh because it takes away
that uncertainty and it takes Israel out
of that picture