Turning now to the growing
unrest on college campuses
across the country amid protests
over the Israel-hamas war in
California, protesters at one
university barricaded themselves
in a building in New York.
>> New arrests as police in riot
gear moved in to break up a
crowd. ABC's Lionel Moise has
details.
>> Overnight, tensions boiling
over as pro-Palestinian protests
spread to more college campuses
from coast to coast.
>> You have been warned by New
York University to leave the
area police in riot gear
dismantling this encampment at
New York University, arresting
multiple people accused of
ignoring a deadline to disperse
police and the school,
describing disorderly,
disruptive and antagonizing
behavior that has interfered
with the safety and security of
our community at nearby Columbia
University, where protests are
entering a sixth day, a
pro-Israeli assistant professor
said he was not allowed to enter
campus where protesters have
gathered, but was allowed access
to his business school down the
street.
>> The professor later posting
earlier today, Columbia
University refused to let me
onto campus. Why? Because they
cannot protect my safety as a
Jewish professor. This is 1938.
After more than 100 arrests last
week, a new encampment is
growing at Columbia, escalating
concerns about security.
Students groups like those at
other colleges and universities,
are demanding Columbia divest
from companies that do business
with Israel. But critics
highlight anti-Semitic hate
speech. Among the demonstrators.
>> There were people outside of
campus one time with signs that
said death to all Jews. That is
awful, and nobody should be
having to experience that.
>> A big name donor, New England
Patriots owner Robert Kraft, now
pulling support for the
University. Kraft saying, I'm no
longer confident that Columbia
can protect its students and
staff overnight. Columbia
announcing classes for the rest
of the semester will be hybrid
due to the security concerns.
Yesterday at Yale, dozens of
arrests for protests there and
across the country in
California, the campus of Cal
Poly Humboldt is closed as
pro-Palestinian protesters
overnight barricad