now with the end of the 24-hour deadline
issued by Israel all eyes are on the
likely assault into Gaza Israel's
leaders have declared that Hamas will be
wiped off of the face of the Earth and
Gaza will never go back to what it was
but before this Invasion begins let's
take a look at how Israel and hamas's
forces fare against each
other currently the standing Israeli
Army has 1 lak 169,000 troops and since
the War Began the IDF has called on
460,000
reservists and on hamas's side nearly
16,000 armed militants are expected to
fight off Israeli forces and another
6,000 Islamic Jihad militants are also
expected to join in Israel is going to
execute a tri service assault on Hamas
and Gaza for this a ground assault and
air assault and a sea assault is planned
into the Gaza Strip ahead of the likely
Israeli ground assault gazan civilians
have been asked to evacuate Southward
from North Kaza Israel Defense Forces
are likely to deploy tanks infantry and
artillery across the border Israel is
also prepared for urban Warfare against
any and all Hamas presence but Israel's
real challenges begin post troop
deployment in
Gaza hamas's alasam brigades are
notoriously famous for using explosive
devices in in the battlefield ambushes
are expected as the war is taking place
in a dense concrete setup Hamas can also
deploy a sniper Network on the rooftops
of gazan buildings gaza's Infamous
tunnels are also expected to play a
vital role in this conflict and Hamas
can also repeat its 2014 tactic of
laying out anti-tank mines on the roads
leading to
Gaza for Hamas on the other hand the
evacuation of civilians become becomes
an impediment as it gives Israel a free
hand to pound Gaza with heavy artillery
with essential supplies such as food
water and electricity cut off Hamas
militants will have to survive extreme
conditions while fighting the IDF and
Israel's air superiority continues to be
a decisive factor in this fight as Hamas
militants can be bombed with ease from a
distance once civilians evacuate from
that
area
[Music]