[Music]
almost two days after the latest
offensive in gaza israeli security
forces launched an operation killing
three members of alexa matisse brigade
including its leader ibrahim naval sea
and a 16 year old palestinian during
another operation in the city of hebron
israeli media say nabulsi had remained
undetected to israeli forces for some
time his charismatic personality had
endeared himself to many palestinian
youths in the city earning him the
nickname the lion of nablus
they killed ibrahim but there are a
hundred ibrahim i see everyone in front
of me as ibrahim all of you are my sons
the israeli government has accused
nabulsi of carrying out attacks against
its forces other members of nabusi's
team who were killed were muhammad azizi
and rahman subha the funerals took place
in the city of nablus on tuesday with
frustrated palestinians firing machine
guns into the air
israel wants to end anything related to
palestinian resistance every day there
are never martyrs and new fighters and
israel can't finish their resistance
there will be another election in israel
right-wing israelis use palestinian
blood to climb the stairs of politics in
israeli government this is where ibrahim
nabusi was killed according to reports
it was a highly targeted attack israel
used a shoulder launch missile to kill
him this is what's left of the room
where he was hiding
analysts say the international community
fell short in promoting a political
solution to the palestine-israeli
conflict that would end such operations
the international community
for a long time relinquish its
responsibility not only specifically
what's happening in the last
few days which is horrendous many people
are killed and there is a real
danger of escalation but also try to
promote a political solution and when
there is no political solution that's
exactly exactly what happened as
israel's prime minister yay lepid held
the operation as success
many palestinians in the occupied west
bank just hoped to live their lives in
peace without the constant fear of
israeli aggression mustafa fatih world
occupied west bank
[Music]
you