we continue to see Israel carry out air
strikes in the Rafa in the the Rafa area
um and as you know there's over a
million gazin there um that are trying
to shelter uh and and seek some kind of
safety from the combat there's a lot
less active combat in the Gaza Strip
right now but Israel still believes that
it needs to go into uh Rafa uh and you
know confront hamas's last four brigades
there it's talked about a lot less in
the media especially here on broadcast
uh news but one of the most important
things about Israel going in is not only
fighting Hamas and possibly finding the
hostages but there's a whole Corridor On
the Border there where Israel wants to
get control of many tunnels uh that it
believes was the main gateway for the
arms and the materials that allowed
Hamas to continue to to build up its uh
its uh capabilities to the extraordinary
extent that it did despite Israel's um
blockade for over a
decade so Israel wants to go there uh
and it appears that Israel is getting
ready uh they've called up two brigades
and we we expect that in the next couple
weeks we will begin to see Israel's
first part of the plan which is to try
to evacuate over a million gazin and
move them into
uh displaced person's camps that they
want to set up somewhere in Northern ga
uh in in central Gaza so we'll have to
see uh how that plan works uh if people
move up how long it takes uh it's still
a big question mark If Israel can
actually effectively move a huge
civilian population uh further north uh
and if they can be adequately cared for
in these displaced camps that is with
food and electricity and water it's a
plan that Israel continues to talk about
with the United States um and you know
only with the effective evacuation of
the civilians um will I think Israel
move forward on a major military
campaign having said that it's certain
that there's going to be tens of
thousands of civilians left there even
if the majority leave um and again it's
going to be you know by all estimates um
you know know it'll be a very deadly uh
it's expected operation um because it's
a densely populated area and it's uh for
Hamas it's a it is the perfect scenario
uh to hide and and shelter uh and and
keep some of its leaders safe deep
underground likely with some of the
hostages