her of Israeli intelligence David bana
is reportedly attending fresh truce
talks in Qatar mad Chief is likely to
hold talks with the Qatari prime
minister and Egyptian officials to fill
in the remaining gaps in the Israel and
Hamas ceasefire deal and this comes
after Hamas abandoned key ceasefire
demands following a series of setbacks
as the war continues between Israel and
the Hamas militants the talks will mark
the first time that both Israel and
Hamas would join indirect negotiations
since the start of the holy month of
Ramadan Israel has adamantly ruled out a
permanent ceasefire and insists that it
will resume its declared goal of
destroying Hamas a diplomat familiar
with cire negotiations says efforts are
moving in a positive direction but
they're not there yet
meanwhile opposition leader Yar Leed
reached the hostages Square he later
took to social media and said No Deal
will be an easy one but a deal that
brings the hostages home is worth the
price and will receive a full backing
there is no Victory without them
returning we cannot move forward without
them being
home negotiators are still hopeful to
attain a six week ceasefire in Gaza so
that the humanitarian Aid enters the war
tone territory the main UN agency
operating in Gaza has already warned
that acute malnutrition is rising more
quickly in the north of the Gaza Strip
onra has said one in three children
under the age of two in Northern Gaza
they're now acutely
malnourished 5 months into the Gaza War
Israeli Prime Minister has approved
plans for the country's looming
offensive in Rafa where over 1 million
Palestinians are
situated German chancellor sches who is
on a two-day visit to the to West Asia
has also voiced concerns about an
assault on Rafa saying that there was a
danger which would result in many
terrible civilian
[Music]
casualties
[Music]