Red Sea a vital artery for global trade
has become an unexpected Battleground
Yemen's houthi Rebels long locked in a
brutal Civil War are escalating their
attacks on US Navy ships patrolling the
region our next report tells you how
lowcost drones are being neutralized by
million dooll
missiles we are going to use the most
effective means at our disposal to cut
off the houti financial
resources the designation of the houthis
as a specially designated Global
terrorist in between Israel and Iran
risking a direct confrontation and the
assault on Gaza continuing the Red Sea
remains on the
boil is the for in West Asia changing
gears the fear of Gaza War escalating
even further is
increasing in the last 24 hours of US
forces shooting down 11 drones fired by
the houti rebels over the Red Sea
following a series of HTI attacks on
Commercial vessels in October 2023 the
US deployed a naval conent to the Red
Sea however the houti seems undeterred
It's not commercial ships but the Yemen
based Rebels are now increasingly
targeting American warships
[Music]
high-tech warships designed to dominate
conventional battles struggle against a
swarm of lowcost agile drones the hes
with their asymmetrical tactics are
exploiting this mismatch their
rudimentary drones potentially adapted
from commercially available models pack
enough punch to disrupt operations and
inflict psychological damage
the US response focused on air strikes
against huti bases has yielded limited
results the us along with UK has
launched four rounds of joint Coalition
strikes since January 11 to pressure the
huis to stop attacking commercial
shipping lanes in the Red
Sea the rebels seem Adept at dispersing
and reconstituting their drone
capabilities also the vast expense of
deploying Advanced Weaponry against
these lowcost threats raises serious
questions about the sustainability of
the current
strategy experts say the US may also
need to re-evaluate its overall strategy
in the region as military Solutions
alone may not be
enough the Red Sea standoff is a stark
reminder that the future of warfare is
not solely about Big Ticket battleships
and fighter jets lowcost readily
available drones are changing the game
Bureau report we on world is
[Music]
one for all the latest news download the
weon app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel