a they have banded together in their
anguish and in their determination to
see their loved ones freed this weekend
like most weekends hostages Square in
Tel Aviv was the scene of mass protests
by relatives of hostages still being
held in Gaza families say they are fed
up of being held in the dark over
ongoing negotiations I think there's a
general kind of feeling of Despair in
terms of things moving forward we've
heard that there a deal on the table we
don't know the progress of this if it's
actually moving forward or not um and
where it really stands and I think the
biggest thing is we just don't have a
ton of information now over 3 months
into their loved ones captivity the
families say they want to keep up the
pressure on the government some even
calling for Benjamin Netanyahu to resign
the Prime Minister says bringing all the
hostages home is one of the government's
top priorities but insist the best way
to achieve this is by military pressure
some families have met with qari
officials involved in negotiations they
say all parties need to double down on
their efforts to secure the release of
the hostages we met his Excellency the
Prime Minister she
Muhammad they wished to directly
establish contact with us and learn the
perspective of the hostage
families they were attentive attentative
familiar with our stories and show
sympathy to
us the qari government says the recent
killing of senior Hamas leader Sal Al
aruri in Lebanon could further
complicate hostage
negotiations the agonizing wait for
families continues according to Israel
of the 250 hostages taken on October 7th
more than 130 remain in captivity some
are believed to have been killed in
operations by the Israeli military aimed
at freeing them sending her good