and the UN Security Council has called
for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza after
the US did not wo the measure in a shift
from its previous position it also
demoned the immediate and unconditional
release of all hostages meanwhile Israel
has said that there is no moral right to
stop the war in Gaza until we return all
the hostages home it is first time that
the council has called for a ceasefire
since the War Began in October after
several field attempts the US decision
to abstain on the war prompted Israel's
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu cancel
a scheduled trip to the United States by
two of his stop advisers two Israeli
officials have gone on to say so that
trip to Washington DC has been canceled
the US had previously vetoed similar
resolutions calling for a ceasefire
drawing unusual Applause in the offen
stay Security Council all 14 other
members voted in favor of the resolution
which demands ceasefire for the ongoing
Islamic month of this is the holy month
of
Ramadan
we also have my colleague Vishal joining
us Vishal quite a shift when it comes to
the samp that United States has taken in
almost 6 months this is the first time
that they have managed to abstain and
not veto against that resolution
that's right Diva this is the first time
they've done that in terms of the war
the six-month old war it is a big
development but what remains to be seen
is whether Israel or Hamas they will pay
heed to un's words uh Israeli defense
minister has already said that Israel
won't stop the war unless all the
hostage are fre freed uh he's on a visit
to the US uh while at the same time
there was a big delegation from Israel
That was supposed to go to the US to
handle the situation uh immediately
after the unc's resolution was passed uh
nanahu Israeli Prime Minister he went
out and said that the delegation visit
to the US has been cancelled so uh fresh
new laws in the Israel us relations uh
which had been you know affected in the
recent past in the last 2 3 months so it
remains to be seen how this will you
know be hit the ground uh UNC
resolutions as far as they are concerned
they are uh sort of international law
they are legally binding but uh you know
un does not really have the uh
enforcement to enforce the law uh so
that remains to be seen