know whatever the number is I think the
estimate is Israel has probably killed
at least 5,000 Hass terrorists in the
operation so
far um also included in the over overall
civilian casting figures given by Hamas
will be civilians killed by Hamas and
that will probably include a large
number who have been killed by Hass
missiles that have dropped short about
15% sent I believe all missiles fed
Israel landed inside Gaza and some of
them would have killed Palestinian
civilians um and and and then on top of
that there are people who have died of
natural causes of which in a population
that St will be quite a lot so but those
casualty figures people see as being um
innocent civilians all of them they're
not and and it's understandable people
would be sympathetic towards that but
then there's also the um the the the
over the overwhelming successful
anti-israel propaganda campaign that's
been going on for decades that does say
Israel indiscriminately kills civilians
and carries out out war crimes both of
which are false but both of which have a
great deal of traction and that
influences the it not only influences
the uh the um the the public feeling it
also influences politicians and that's
more critical particularly in the United
States and European countries that that
broadly support Israel and when you ask
about the
um the the extent the success of Israel
in overcoming that I think Israel for
this war has been very successful as its
PR I think it's done a very good PR job
of explaining what's G on um but uh it's
it's fighting against an extremely
successful propaganda campaign that is
very very hard to penetrate and that is
much greater around the world than the
sum total of all of Israel's efforts on
that
front