the violence is expanding far beyond the
war in Gaza Pakistan has launched
strikes inside Iran after Iran attacked
Targets in Pakistan in the meantime the
US says it hit more missile sites of
Iran back Rebels inside Yemen Chris Liv
is in Northern Israel with more on that
part of the story Chris good morning to
you good morning Gail in the last 10
days in this area alone we've tracked
more than 30 rocket salvos coming from
just the other side of this hill where
Hezbollah is it's just the latest flash
point in what's become a dizzying string
of
conflicts just days after Iran launched
attacks on what it called militant
groups in nearby Pakistan Syria and Iraq
this morning Pakistan responded
launching missiles on Iran's Southeast
border region it says also targeting
terrorist hideouts among the dead three
women and four children according to
local
media this as violence in the the Middle
East spills from one crisis into the
next following the Hamas Massacre of
Israeli civilians on October 7th and
Israel's war and Hamas in Gaza the US
military says it destroyed 14 missile
positions in Yemen overnight calling
them an imminent threat that could have
been fired at any
time belonging to the iran-backed
houthis seen here parading their weapons
in the capital
SAA for months the armed militants have
been attacking Merchant ships
and the US military there to protect
them and what they claim is opposition
to the war in Gaza flouting repeated
warnings these attacks are a clear
example of terrorism violation of
international law and a major threat to
innocent lives and to Global Commerce
yesterday the US designated them a
terrorist group but they remain
defiant theeni Armed Forces will not
hesitate to Target all threats in the
Arab sea and Red Sea said a military
spokesman and to continue supporting the
oppressed Palestinian
people in fact Hezbollah is vowing to
continue striking Israel we can still
hear the the exchange of fire all around
us this as the Israeli Defense Forces
say that the chances now of a full-blown
War erupting here in the north are now
noticeably higher Tony that is worrying
Chris lay for us in Northern Israel
Chris thank you very much