later, her card was used at a
Nordstrom. An officer found the
suspect carrying bags out of the
store. Tried to run. They did
take him into custody. A
well-placed military source
telling Fox News last night's
strike against Iran by Israel
was limited. Israel is also
targeting an air defense unit in
Yingst has the latest from Tel
Aviv. Iranian protesters take to
the streets of Tehran on Friday
morning. Many holding signs that
Zionist regime should know that
if it makes a mistake this time,
it will be punished harder and
most severely. The
demonstrations erupted hours
after an Israeli strike targeted
Iran's Esfahan province, home to
the Natanz nuclear facility, a
plant used to enrich uranium.
The apparent retaliation to an
Iranian attack against Israel
over the weekend was meant to
send a message to Iran that
Israel can reach out and touch
close to nuclear facilities. A
Fox News. Reports indicate an
airbase was hit with Israeli
missiles, as Iranian military
leadership claimed, without
evidence that explosions heard
in the area were caused by
successful air defense
interceptions. I think the
Iranians will likely call it a
day no cruise missile attack, no
ballistic missile attack, and,
you know, they they they wanted
to call it a day, obviously,
after after the last attack on
Saturday night. But the Israelis
weren't going to put up with
that. I'm hopeful that's that's
where we are. American and
Israeli officials had very
limited reaction to the strikes
overnight. But Secretary of
State Antony Blinken reiterated
that the United States stands
behind its key Middle East
partner. We're also committed to
de-escalating, to trying to
bring, this tension to a to a
close. The event allowed Iran to
claim victory and Israel to send
a message to the regime in
Tehran, effectively