Seas fire the world continues to call
for a ceasefire in Gaza near daily
protests have been taking place in
cities across the world since Israel's
war on Gaza began this
October a group of demonstrators in
peshawa Pakistan gathered after Friday
prayers to condemn the deadly attacks
and pray for the victims while crowds in
Lebanon performed absentee funeral
prayers for the Palestinians killed by
Israeli air strikes hundreds also turned
up in the streets of Amman Jordan to
show their
solidarity what the Arab people want
from their leaders is a historic stance
that aligns with the challenges and
risks that are happening in the region
let there be a decision to stop Israeli
attacks on the people of Palestine and
open all Crossings to let in support and
Aid to our people in Gaza in the UK
dozens of prop Palestinian protesters
block the entrances to an arms Factory
in South East England their aim is to
pressure Britain's biggest military
supplier to call for an end to weapon
sales to Israel this Factory is directly
responsible for Palestinian civilian
lives being taken for Palestinians being
killed so this Factory um assembles key
components of the Israeli fighter jets
that are used to drop bombs on men women
and children
inaz we are trying to stop it production
today call to end the Bloodshed were
also raised in Qatar and in Yemen where
thousands marched across capital s in
Turkey a a group of healthcare workers
are on the 10th day of a 15-day silent
sitting protest they want Israel to stop
bombing hospitals in
Gaza we appeal to the World Health
Organization and the whole world you
have to intervene in the health system
for Gaza take action to ensure the Safe
Transportation of Health tools equipment
and medicines necessary for treatment to
the region we call on
Humanity as the humanitarian crisis in
Gaza deepens it looks like International
displays of anger will only grow louder
AA T world