the last Friday of Ramadan the holy
month of fasting for Muslims marks the
AL day or Jerusalem day this is an
annual occasion to show solidarity with
the people of Palestine and to condemn
the Israeli occupation of Palestinian
lands here in Palestine Street in the
Iraqi Capital Bagdad this street is is
named after after
Palestine these
protesters say they have several
messages today they call on the Iraqi
government to suspend diplomatic ties
with the countries supporting Israel
they also call on the Arab Nations to
boycott products from the countries
supporting
Israel shame on the hypocrite
International Community which takes part
in murdering innocent women and children
by all vicious means of killing and
brutality Silence about that is the
worst crime they also call on the
International Community to intervene to
put an end to the genocide against the
people of
Gaza they say that you want to take this
opportunity to also show support and
solidarity with all nations struggling
for Independence and for liberating
their land
what is so special about this year's day
is that it comes after six months of
devastating military campaign by Israel
against Gaza these protesters say that
they blame some Arab regimes for not
doing enough to protect the people of
Gaza in fact they blame some Arab rulers
for as they say collaborating with
Israel in tightening
The Siege against the people of
Gaza unfortunately there hasn't been
enough Arab support for Gaza since
October 7th especially from Jordanian
and Egyptian authorities who share
borders with Palestine Iraq has been one
of the Fest countries in the world to
rise up against the military campaign by
Israel against Gaza and these protesters
say that they will continue protesting
every Friday until the military campaign
against the people of Raza
stops make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer