well heads have begun to rooll in Israel
and the first to go is the chief of
Israel's Military Intelligence
directorate who has resigned over the
failures surrounding the unprecedented
October 7th attack by Hamas the major
general Aon haliva has become the first
senior figure to step down over his role
in the deadliest assault in Israel's
history now in his resignation letter
haliva took responsibility for uh
failing to prevent the attack that
killed 1200 people while taking roughly
250 hostages into Gaza uh and the attack
set of the war against Hamas in Gaza
which is now in its seventh month
however the man in charge of the nation
the Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu is
yet to own up his responsibility
remember the October 7th Terror attacks
dented the image of the country the
Intel Chief's resignation comes amid
wides scale upheaval within the
Netanyahu War cabinet as well as descent
showcasing a wider divide within the
Israeli government Netanyahu has accused
defense minister yov Gallant of leaking
information from close security meetings
while cabinet ministers Benny Gans and
itar benir each accuse each other of
damaging the Israeli security over the
US warnings of sanctioning the idf's
ultra Orthodox Battalion now on the
Battlefront the Israeli campaign has
left much of Gaza in Ruins and forced
about three quarters of gaza's
population uh from their homes gaza's
Health Ministry says the Israeli
military actions have killed more than
34,000 Palestinians which include mostly
women and children the Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday
threatened to quote unquote deliver
additional and painful blows on Hamas to
secure the release of its hostages
without offering any details the Israeli
Prime Minister added that in the coming
days Israel will increase the military
and political pressure on Hamas because
this is the only way to free the
captured on Friday the United States
announced a series of sanctions against
organizations funding attacks by
extremist Israeli settlers on
Palestinians in the West Bank this is
the latest sign of growing us
frustration with the policies of the
Netanyahu government whose coalition
government rules the settlers
parties for all the latest news download
the Von app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel