now after five days of violent clashes
there's a fragile truce in place the
ceasefire has been secured by a long
time mediator in the conflict Egypt
now Khan returned to Gaza after days of
fierce fighting as the sound of
airstrike subsided people could be seen
emerging from shelters in their homes
even in the ashkeland city of Israel
people could be seen getting back to
their morning walks and sitting in
coffee shops
foreign
into people's lives on both sides
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu who praised his country's
conducting Gaza fighting the truce was
confirmed by the Islamic Jihad group
that has been leading the offensive from
Gaza
foreign
well done
I am Muslim
the truth has been welcomed by the White
House which has praised the Egyptian
government for brokering the deal in a
statement it said that the U.S officials
work closely with the regional Partners
to achieve this resolution
earlier in a statement Israel's prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu who thanked
Egyptian president abdulfattah al-z for
cairo's inputs but it also said that the
initiative means that silence will be
met with silence and if Israel is
attacked or threatened it will continue
to do everything to defend itself
now while the ceasefire brings relief
from the intense fighting that has left
at least 33 Palestinians and two
Israelis dead there are apprehensions
that tensions could quickly resume next
week when Israel will hold a contentious
March through a main Palestinian through
fair in Jerusalem's Old City the March
is meant to celebrate Israel's capture
of East Jerusalem in the 1967 war there
are also reports of fresh violence in
the West Bank city of Nablus where
Israeli Security Forces fired tear gas
to disperse Palestinians amid a raid
while the latest violence in Gaza
erupted on Tuesday when Israeli
airstrikes killed three senior Islamic
Jihad Commanders
Israel said the airstrikes were in
response to a heavy burst of Rocket fire
the previous week and that its attacks
have been focused on Islamic Jihad
targets
meanwhile the agreement does not address
any underlying issues that keeps fueling
rounds of fighting between both the
sides
we are now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move