take a look at this report by Rajesh
Paar he speaks to some of the IDF
soldiers who describe the brutality that
Hamas has Unleashed remember Israel has
not released a lot of footage for the
sensitivity of the families as well who
have suffered but here's what the
soldier revealed and it's
horrific I would like to know from you
what actually happened here I mean was
there any ideas deployment around this k
when this whole incident happened on the
morning of October 7th mhm the
IDF on the morning of October 7 Kamas
fired thousands of rockets towards this
area we're in a small kib called
kibit and small area small families
elderly a lot living here and at the
exact same time Hamas militants broke
through border fences came over the air
on gliders came through the sea with one
specific Focus to attack and murder
civilians Massacre them brutally
Massacre them in their their beds and as
we see from a lot of these houses they
did exactly that they came here and they
took hostages they killed many of the
residents here and the community had a
community guard the community guard
fought valiantly against the Hamas
terrorist that infiltrated this
community those members were killed with
the IDF spokesperson I just want to know
him from him one thing had civilians
have had weapons at that moment on 7th
of October would there have been lesser
casualties as far as civilians are
concerned had this attack been less
deadly if civilans have had weapons dur
their time well I guess not because
Hamas terrorist they came in heavily
armed with RPGs with uh Kalashnikov
AK-47 Etc so little pistol wouldn't have
help them uh terrorists came in very
organized very heavily
armed