our correspondent Jodi Cowan spoke with
a former advisor to Israeli Prime
Minister and Military expert Colonel Mye
Asin on how the shadow war between
Israel and Iran is now out in the open
the Kel also spoke about Israel's rough
operation
watch Israel is expected to respond to
Iran's attack the US and UK have warned
about a regional escalation how wise or
easy would it be for Israel to go it
alone in a one-on-one confrontation with
Iran Iran has been at war with Israel
long before their April 14th attack they
joined in openly from October 7th using
their proxies for Israel to respond it's
not only against the Iranian regime the
Islamic revolutionary guard it's against
the proxies it's against all those that
have been attacking Israel from October
7th and before one of the aspects that
happened that was unique on o April 14
was Israel's cooperation with other
countries I think it would be wise if we
continue to do
so now the US reportedly believes that
Israel's response won't be directly to
Iran but could be to an Iranian proxy in
the region what do you think Israel's
response could be when we talk about the
military we have a tendency to focus on
what we call the hardware like the
Iranian open attack against us on April
14th but there are lots of other Realms
you can be in the cyber domain you can
be in the space domain and of course the
Iranian revolutionary guards export
their capabilities worldwide you could
go against the different proxies and the
Iranian revolutionary guards themselves
that are positioned all over the
world before Iran's attack we've been
hearing about Israel's plans to Target
Hamas in Rafa we're now hearing that
that could have been put on ice what
more can you tell us hamas's Terror
military capabilities have been
systematically destroyed destroyed by
Israel over the last 6 months the only
area left that has not been touched is
Rafa Israel will do so it doesn't have
to be tomorrow morning it may be
deferred but it will happen if not now
in the future for all the latest news
download the we on app And subscribe to
our YouTube channel