the ongoing Israel Gaza War since the
militant group Hamas carried out one of
the deadliest Terror attacks in his
history since Saturday deaths
Devastation and losses are mounting on
both sides the death toll we are told as
per AFB has crossed 3,000 Israel as we
speak is pounding Gaza with deadly air
strikes as the military has threatened a
Complete Siege of the area so Gaza
currently has no electricity no gas no
water 1 lakh people have been displaced
and these are just estimates at the
moment meanwhile the Hamas has said it
will not negotiate on the hostages it
has taken from Israel until the end of
the battle Hamas is believed to have
between 100 to 150 people hostage from
Israel they were taken from small
Israeli border towns and the Hamas is
threatened to kill them should the
aerial attacks continue without warning
but the unprecedented surprise attack in
southern Israel by the Hamas has led to
an increasingly deadly conflict with no
resolution in sight as of now as of the
latest developments the US Secretary of
State Anthony blinkin will be heading to
Israel the US state department briefing
meanwhile got a bit heated highlighting
again the Biden administration's Rock
Solid support for Israel there were
animated exchanges about Israel's
decision to cut off electricity and
supplies to Gaza and criticism of the US
state department for not condemning
extremist rhetoric from Israeli lawmaker
that indicated disregard for Palestinian
civilians that are trapped between the
Hamas and Israel's counter offensive
also there are reports that Israeli
authorities have taken steps to disrupt
the supply of crypto donations to the
Hamas Hamas has been accepting donations
in cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and
ethereum for years now and researchers
have previously noticed that spikes and
funds during times of conflict are
regular with the Hamas Israel's defense
min meanwhile has said he has released
all restraints on his troops adding Gaza
will never return to what it was