[Music]
there are reports and one story in
particular in the wsj that suggests that
Israel has got preparations made to
flood the tunnels under the city of Gaza
now Israeli authorities have neither
confirmed nor denied this they've not
even responded to the wsj story when
they asked for comment but the story
talks about how Israel is planning to or
rather Israel has already made
preparations to divert
seawater and push all the sea water into
the tunnels of Gaza and make them
completely ineective now the tunnels of
Gaza is a maze under the city now it's
something thing that has helped Hamas
operate and also you know work without
being spotted or being impacted by the
air strikes of Israel but there is the
concern number of hostages and Hamas has
said that they have kept the hostages in
safe places and tunnels so will Israel
do this before the hostages are released
where do things stand with Israel as far
as the tunnels are concerned that is
still not clear and Israel hasn't
confirmed to wsj whether this plan of
flooding the tunnels with seawater is
something that they are going to go
through with but reports definitely
saying that they already have all the
infrastructure in place to flood those
tunnels and US authorities were asked
about this and they said well it would
be natural for Israel to want to put
those tunnels out of use and that's a
limited comment so we we will have to
wait and see how the Israel authorities
respond to this
[Music]
[Music]
report
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
from breaking news detailed analysis
in-depth interviews and explainers
follow the times of India subscribe to
our YouTube channel don't forget to like
our videos and hit the Bell icon to stay
updated with the
latest