all right let's get to work these dogs
need our help not many 12-year-olds have
had a TV show for Disney XD he's a
really good dog but most people have not
helped as many dogs as Roman has so I've
just always had love for dogs this is my
P it started when Roman was four years
old just to clarify you were four years
old in
2015 yeah that hurts he asked his
parents what happens to dogs who don't
get adopted in his home state Georgia
and his mom told them sometimes quote
they go to heaven and to my
four-year-old mind just like oh well
let's just fix that this is one of my
older dog friends here the next year in
2016 his family got to work creating
project Freedom ride I want to give you
a quick tour of our van a nonprofit that
would help transport dogs and overrun
shelters down south to facilities in the
north that have the room we are in
Madison Wisconsin we have three families
a lot of the time they'll even help
coordinate direct adoptions in the
different states that they visit this is
my friend Vic they take trips one to two
times a month but every weekend Roman
and his mom visit different shelters and
post videos to help the dogs get adopted
hi guys this is my friend Durango 7
years later Roman and his family have
now saved almost 5,000 dogs and they
want to keep going so we just are like
why stop there why not keep going and
give these dogs that same
opportunity if you want to help Roman
out project Freedom ride takes donations
they sell cool merch and of course he is
always posting videos of dogs that are
up for adoption on their social media
channels it is hard to say no to dogs it
is even harder to say no to
Roman hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for watching