let me go across now to my colleague
ashitosh Mishra who's been reporting
live from Israel and ashitosh while I
understand these are claims by the
Israeli soldiers but there are
horrifying details that continue to come
in what do you hear about the
humanitarian crisis that's unfolding in
Israel but also in Gaza where I see so
many buildings that have been bombarded
that will clearly lead even to civilian
casualties and of course to now the
babies murdered and beheaded in Israel
claims coming
in absolutely absolutely uh those videos
are quite painful and it shows the
barbaric Act of the Hamas terrorist when
they unleash their Terror even killing
uh you know uh the infants the children
20 babies were founded in kafara near
the Gaza Border in the southern part of
Israel and this was when the coming
operation and the advancing operation of
the Israeli Army was taking place as
they were going door too every colonies
every society to flash out the
infiltrated terrorist of Hamas with in
the Israeli territory and during that
they found this and perhaps this is also
exposing the real picture the truth of a
m terrorist organization that this was a
massacre almost they Unleashed in the
Israel territory not just rocket attack
on the civilians or the Israeli Assets
in the southern part but moreover this
time they were totally planned to
infiltrate their Fighters and Target the
civilians not just women not just men
but also the babies the small children
and now this is also is triggering an
anguish and anger across the global
Community condemning this barbaric Act
of the Hamas terrorist organizations
which has you know engaged itself in a a
brutal and a barar and a massacre act in
in the southern part of Israel it's it's
very disturbing to understand what could
be possibly happening there and ashitosh
also will be reporting constantly from
Israel on that