and the Israel Hamas war is taking an
immense toll on civilians lives and
livelihoods on both the sides of the war
but Israel's total Siege of the Gaza
Strip on top of its bombing of densely
populated areas has made matters only
worse for the Common People agencies
like the world food program and the
United Nations rwa are reaching some
180,000 people residing in shelters with
food and other supplies more details on
this in our next report take a look
[Music]
children as young as 5 years of age
filled a classroom turned emergency
shelter as soon as volunteers brought
some bread at the UN relief camp in Gaza
these children and some 60 families
taking cover in this shelter have no
clue as to which meal would be their
last with the homes raised to Rubble in
indiscriminate Israeli strikes these
family have no place to go back to the
situation is devastating we are on the
ground doing everything we can to make
sure the people in need the ones who
fled their homes and residing in
shelters are getting the food and help
they need to be able to survive Israel
has ordered a total Siege of the densely
populated narrow strip of land all
supplies including food water
electricity and Medical Aid have been
choked off more than 2 million people
living in Gaza are now completely at the
mercy of of the international Aid
organizations the United Nations has
called The Siege a violation of
international law we need the
humanitarian Corridor to be able to
support the people who are affected and
their numbers are rising every day we
need safe and impeded access and we need
funding support now more than ever the
Gaza Strip is blockaded on two sides by
Israel and on the third by the Sea so
the narrow border with Egypt in the
South becomes the last resort for
civilians to flee or for Aid to trickle
in but Israeli bombings near The crucial
Rafa Crossing had forced its closure the
world food program is nonetheless
continuing its Emergency Operations in
Gaza in the hope that the Waring sides
will agree to keep humanitarian
corridors
[Music]
open