in the city of Rafa where more than a
million people have sought Sanctuary you
can still buy
tomato and cucumbers there's still a
little chicken in the market but for the
vast majority it's nothing better than
an
apparition the prices are astronomical
with some provision selling for 20 times
their normal
price a man called Abdul asked to have a
word the problem now is that we just go
round and round there is no money people
don't have money to buy people here just
look at each
other a few meters away in an Alleyway
children with pots and plates congregate
for some watery
soup as the queue builds they start to
push and elbow and
[Music]
fight fight for a few spoonfuls of
potato
soup but there's not enough here for
[Music]
everyone a local charity tries to do
this every
day but a volunteer told us they can't
cope with the
numbers at the beginning it was 1 to 200
kids today it's 300 tomorrow 350 the day
after it'll be 400 every day we get this
horrifying increase in the number of
kids not only kids but you also find
their teachers doctors the
engineers Abdul took us to his tent in a
camp that's been squeezed into the tip
of Southern Gaza
a father of eight he speaks for his
family and he may speak for them
all what is happening to us we were good
people but this this is
humiliation the abduls have lost their
home in Northern Gaza and 27 family
members have been
killed they're also
hungry whenever an a Lori comes I throw
myself on it to try get something for
the children to eat what am I going to
do with myself there is nothing left
dignity has been trampled upon his
children seem lethargic they hunt for
cans of beans M peas if they have the
energy or jostle for water when it's
delivered to the
camp the alternative drinking salty
water from the wells when
where are the governments we're here
there is eight but where is it we don't
see any we hear about it but we don't
see
it it's been difficult to observe the
month of Ramadan for the local mosques
have been
destroyed but if there is one
preoccupation here it's
food at the end of the day you either
live or you die but famine being poor
that's worse than War it's psychological
War the Israelis say they are planning
to invade this city but the civilians
are already
defeated John Sparks Sky News