the United States and the Jordanian Army
jointly aird dropped over 36,000 meals
into Northern Gaza on Tuesday the joint
Mission came days after the World Health
Organization said children were dying of
starvation in the north an estimated
300,000 Palestinians are living with
little food or clean water the aid
airdrop however has sparked discussions
with various humanitarian organizations
saying that it's just not enough to meet
the needs of the region airdrops also
indicate failure of an effort on the
ground since last month Gaza has seen
over 20 airdrops of Aid and coordination
with Israeli military France the United
Arab Emirates Egypt the United States
and Jordan they all have aird dropped a
in The besiege
Enclave
initially employed in World War II
airdrops were last carried out in South
Sudan in
2021 according to world food program air
drops are seven times more expensive
compared to ground delivered Aid The
increased costs include aircraft Fuel
and Personnel wfp added that only small
quantities can be delivered with each
flight in comparison to what a convoy of
trucks can bring the international
Committee of the Red Cross also stressed
the need to control distribution to
prevent people from consuming
inappropriate or unsafe items according
to the agency Drop Zones should ideally
be large open areas no smaller than a
football field that is why deliveries
have often been aimed at gaza's Co
Coastline a trucks have been entering
the south of Gaza through the Egypt
control Rafa Crossing and the Israeli
controlled keram Shalom Crossing but in
recent months the north that was the
focus of Israel's ground offensive in
the first phase has been largely cut off
from assistance in February the world
food program suspended food deliveries
to North Gaza because eight convoys
quote endured complete chaos and
violence due to the collapse of civil
order including violent looting last
week over 100 Palestinians were killed
as crowds rushed towards an aid Convoy
escorted by Israeli
forces for all the latest news download
the weon app And subscribe to our
YouTube channel Channel