[Applause]
[Music]
is
milary
[Music]
base
[Music]
he
[Applause]
or
joural sir a very warm welcome to tv9
bat wor first of all I would like to
know about the current scenario in
Israel because the pictures that are
coming in that the videos that are
coming in are
unprecedented you're absolutely right
pratima thank you very much it's a very
s Day in Israel Israel is under War it's
at a war and it's a very complicated
situation right now
there are some points some areas that it
was under captured there is fights
between Israeli Special Forces and the
terrorists of Hamas and I assume that
within a few hours everything will be
more clear and I'm sure that it will be
back in the South part of Israel into
normal in the very very near future but
it's a very very dramatic photos all our
Arts right now all our attention right
now is to the people of the South part
of Israel and and thank you very much
for all the support of the Indian people
s there have been many deaths that have
been reported many people are injured
also and many have been held hostages
that the pictures videos have been
coming in and uh we would also want to
know what is Israel's take on it how are
you handling the situation especially uh
about the people who have been held
captive it's a it's a very complicated
situation I don't they want even to hide
it it's a very complicated situation
right now I assume according to several
sources we have a Israeli civilians
inside Gaza Strip into the other side
there is a fights along the Israeli
several um cities kib kibuts and and
moshav it's it's the Israeli agriculture
bases and to make a fight in a such a
small area area with the civilians
inside captured is a very big Target and
it's a very big challenge to the Israeli
forces especially forces but there are
right now a lot of people a lot of
soldiers a lot of Special Forces to deal
with that thank you so much for joining
us sir thank you so
[Applause]
much
[Music]
surar
on