our top Focus as of now are made efforts
to convince Israel to change its war
strategy in Gaza us defense secretary
Lloyd Austin arrived in Israel for talks
with Israeli leaders Lloyd Austin is
currently pushing for a transition to a
more limited focused conflict on Monday
he met Israel's defense minister yuav
Galant in the continuing Israeli
offensive in Gaza as many as 110
Palestinians were reportedly killed on
Sunday after strikes on the jabalia
refugee camp in Northern Gaza the
strikes hit a residential block
belonging to the al-bar and Alan
families in the
town the Palestinian Health Ministry
claimed that women and children were
among the dead and dozens are still
missing Israeli forces also conducted
strikes at the Kamal alvan Hospital in
be lahia in Northern Gaza residents
found themselves in chaotic scenes as
distressed civilians said they had
nowhere to
go one girl was killed in an explosion
that struck the Mubarak Hospital in the
city of Khan
Unis several others were injured in the
blast meanwhile Israel continued to
strike positions in Khan Unis after
Palestinians from northern Gaza fled
there in the early weeks of the
conflict the current Israeli operations
have triggered fears of a potential
escalation in the conflict as skirmishes
between Israel and Lebanon base
Hezbollah continue to rise Israel has
stated that Hezbollah has the potential
to drag Lebanon into an unnecessary War
Bala a proxy of Iran is dragging Lebanon
into an unnecessary war that would have
devastating consequences for the people
of
Lebanon this is a war that they do not
deserve we on world is one is now
available in your country download the
app now and get all the news updates on
the move