just 2 kilometers away from the Gaza
border is the Israeli town of stot part
of hamas's October 7th attacks started
from here some of the people being held
hostage are from this city within days
of the outbreak of the hostilities
Israel evacuated nearly all 13,000
residents our correspondent sidan Cal
spent the day there to understand the
ground situation at one point he was
forced to take shelter because of a
siren
warning the humanitarian situation is
getting worse here uh in Israel now it
looks like there some some attack is
happening we are trying to uh move to
some
location the alarm alarm has
been San ball I will some attack I will
I will let you get safe
fast all right we will return to our
correspondent sitan for the very latest
I'm inside a bunker here in zero and
this bunker has names of many people who
have been kidnapped people from 16 years
old to 85 years old we'll show you uh
the pictures of these people uh here in
uh zero uh for example uh 16 year old
Amit this an 85y old Israel as well many
of them young old as well and clearly it
states that on October the 7th nearly
200 innocent civilians were abducted
from Israel into Gaza Strip their
whereabouts remain unknown more than
3,000 women men and children ranging
from the age of 3 months to 85 year old
were wounded murdered beaten raped and
brutally separated from loved ones by
Hamas take a photo of this posture and
share it these kind of postures can be
seen um across this bunker and these
postures are normal across Israel in
other parts of Israel as well in Tel
Aviv there are many pictures which have
been showcased but it shows the sense of
grieve and in these communities these
are small communities there is increased
worry over their loved ones where they
are it's been over one week and there is
lot of anger on the street even as we
know that the Prime Minister met with
the family members of uh many of them uh
who have been abducted with video
journalist sanjit sidan for vion in zero
Southern Israel Von is now available in
your country download the app now and
get all the news on the
move