a new flash point is brewing between the
US and Israel amid reports of intense
violence in the West Bank the Biden
Administration is slated to impose
sanctions against the idf's nza Yehuda
Battalion for alleged human rights
abuses directed towards Palestinians in
the West Bank region this would be the
first time that the US would impose
sanctions on an Israeli military unit
this is unprecedented if it happens the
sanctions will reportedly lead to
Banning the Battalion and the members
from receiving any kind of us military
Assistance or training the report drew a
sharp response from Israel prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu has hit out
against the sanctions plan saying he has
been pushing against the move and talks
with American leaders War Cabinet member
Benny gants said and I'm going to quote
here we have great respect for our
American friends but imposing sanctions
on the unit is a dangerous precedent and
sends the wrong message to our shared
enemies at a time of war the sanctions
come after growing Violence by Israeli
troops in the West Bank 37 Palestinians
have been killed and 68 injured in the
last 24 hours the ministry added this
figure in a recent statement now Israeli
forces launched the raid on the Nur
Shams area near the Palestinian city of
tulam on Friday the Israeli Army
released a video that it claimed showed
its operation in
tlam hundreds of Palestinians marched in
a funeral procession carrying the bodies
of the two men killed in the settler
attack on the village of of akraba in
the West Bank according to the mayor of
akraba some 50 armed settlers attacked
members of his community and fired at
the Palestinian youth killing two of
them and wounding others the Palestine
red crescent Society said that soldiers
blocked its ambulances from reaching the
area and tending to the wounded the
latest Skirmish is just one of the
incidents that has taken place in the
recent past the West Bank which Israel
has occupied since 1967 has seen a surge
in violence in the past year
particularly since Israel's war on Gaza
erupted in October last year
[Music]