now Wars in West Asia in the past have
had a massive impact on the global
economy and the ongoing war between
Israel and Hamas is unlikely to be any
different with the world already facing
an economic slowdown the war may push
the world into a recession and the risk
is very high especially if the war
expands to Lebanon and Syria which share
a border with Israel there's already a
concern that terrorists from these two
neighboring countries may join the war a
sharper escalation although likely may
see Israel fighting Iran which is also a
top energy producer Iran is also known
for its support for Hamas and outfit
considered a terrorist group by the West
in the worst case scenario of a direct
conflict between Israel and Iran a
Bloomberg analysis estimates that oil
prices could sore to $150 a barrel
Global growth could drop by 1 percentage
point to 1.7% and that's nothing but a
recession and would take about $1
trillion off world's total output the
war comes at a time when the world is
still recovering from a bout of
inflation heightened by by the Ukraine
war last year another war in an energy
producing region could rekindle Global
inflation
leaving it at 6.7% next year other
broader consequences could range from
renewed unrest in the Arab world to next
year's presidential polls in the US
where fuel price is a key issue the
World Trade organization's Chief has
already expressed fears of an escalation
impacting the global economy and she
said that widening of the regional War
would quote unquote have a really big
impact on
trade there's uncertainty about whether
this is going to spread further to the
whole region uh which could impact very
much on global economic growth uh
there's uncertainty as to when it will
end it is most
unfortunate uh what has occurred and we
hope that all the violence will will end
and our hearts go out to those impacted
in Israel and elsewhere uh in in Gaza as
well so we we hope it to end because it
does create this
[Music]
uncertainty