[Applause]
the United States Israel's closest Ally
is beginning to have misgivings about
the Jewish State's offensive in Gaza
this has been I want them to be focused
on how to save civilian lives not stop
going after himas but be more careful a
few hours earlier US National Security
adviser Jake Sullivan met with Israeli
Leaders with the aim of discussing a
timeline to end the war the talks were
outlined by Sullivan spokesman on
Thursday
one of the things that Jake did talk to
him about uh was progress in the War uh
and where the Israelis think it's going
to go um um he did talk about um uh
possible transitioning from what we
would call high intensity operations
which is what we're seeing them do now
to lower intensity operations Israel
remains determined to carry its war
against Hamas all the way to the end
defense minister yov Galant said on
Thursday that destroying the islamist
group would take several months Benjamin
Netanyahu meeting with the president of
the Red Cross differentiated between the
force used by Israeli troops in Gaza and
that employed by
Hamas there's a difference between the
deliberate and
systematic uh murder naming and Medicine
of civilians which is what terrorism is
and the unintended
consequences and this is the entire
difference the Israeli military carried
out multiple raids in the Gaza Strip on
Thursday the Palestinian exclave is
currently without internet and telephone
according to operator palel the UN
Agency for Palestinian refugees says
civilians are desperate hungry and
terrified more than 18,000 people have
been killed in Gaza since the start of
the conflict 70% of them women and
children according to the Gaza Health
Ministry