concerned we are talking about the
escalating situation between Palestine
and us and now we have a word coming in
from Us's President Joe Biden he spoke
with Israel prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu and he posted about it on his
social media profile X I'm going to
quote him here he said that I spoke with
Israeli Prime Minister to express my
full support for the people of Israel in
the face of an unprecedented and
appalling assault by AAS terrorist we
will remain in close contact over the
coming days the US will continue to
stand with the people of Israel so it's
very crucial that us is now extending a
helping hand towards Israel we have
Abhishek jahu continues to be with us on
the phone line abishek at this point of
time when it's already day third of
Palestinian attack on Israel why Us's
helping hand is so crucial for
Israel well we have seen us being a very
solid partner of Israel in in the entire
existence of Israel that has been
surrounded by Nations you know mostly
Muslim nations which has which have not
been in very good terms with isra in the
past also we have seen several attacks
happening on Israel uh several times War
happening around Israel us has been very
steadfast in its commitment to for
Israel uh and it has said that Israel
has the right to defend itself and in
the current context when Israel is
actually uh needing a lot of support
from the International Community to
drive away all those terrorist who have
been uh you know who who have taken over
certain settlements along Gaza strips in
Israel uh US president is regularly in
touch with the Israeli Prime Minister uh
they have committed more Aid more
defense equipment to Israel to fight
against the the the immedate danger that
is very much in in their home and uh the
all all the talks that are happening is
in that direction only where USA could
give more assistance more Aid and more
support to Israel to defend itself
against the SAS militant action right
abishek we'll requested you please hold
on because we have another breaking news
coming in this is about Justin Trudeau
in talks with UAE
president