speaking over the phone on Monday US
President Joe Biden told Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu that the
planned ground operation on Rafa would
be a mistake as the two leaders discuss
ways to approach their shared goals
Biden also warned of deepening Anarchy
in Gaza Ian in with the
details on Monday US President Joe Biden
spoke with Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu marking the first
call between the two leaders in over a
month amid ring tensions over the war in
Gaza the two leaders discussed their
different perspectives on Israel's
plannned military operation in the city
of Rafa in a press briefing following
the call National Security adviser Jake
Sullivan described the talks as a
businesslike meeting Sullivan said
President Biden emphasized that Rafa is
a city where more than a million people
have taken Refuge adding that a ground
operation there would be a mistake he
said it would deepen the Anarchy in Gaza
and would result in the deaths of more
innoc civilians and worsen the already
dire humanitarian crisis Biden also
pushed for an alternative approach to be
taken to Target key Hamas elements in
Rafa and secure the Egypt Gaza border
without a major ground Invasion the
president told the Prime Minister again
today that we share the goal of
defeating Hamas but we just believe you
need a coherent and sustainable strategy
to make that happen but a major ground
operation there would be a mistake it
would lead to more innocent civilian
deaths worse in the the already dire
humanitarian crisis deepen the Anarchy
in Gaza and further isolate Israel
internationally the call came on the
same day as the release of a United
Nations food security report which said
that about half of the population is
suffering from catastrophic hunger and
that the situation could deteriorate
further the unbacked integrated food
security phase classification report
defines famine as when at least 20% of
the population suffer from extreme food
shortages with one in three children
acutely malnourished and two people out
of every 10,000 dying daily from
starvation or from malnutrition and
disease the report said after more than
5 months of War which has not only
destroyed territories but also cut off
supplies under a worst case scenario
Central and Southern Gaza could face a
risk of famine by July yanin adang
News