was it necessary to take the steps we
did know are you supportive of them and
you're trying to you I think also the
kingdom has said in that context could
even uh be uh recognition of Israel from
the kingdom if that was part of a bigger
uh political agreement certainly we need
to focus on the war in GZA not because
of the Red Sea we need to focus on the
war in RZA because of its impact on the
Palestinians first but on Regional
Security in general and on the risks
that it poses for further uh escalation
and you know we've seen now close to
30,000 civilians killed in razza we
continue to see civilians being killed
every day we we continue to see
restrictions on access to human Aid and
uh uh frankly we don't see any real sign
that any strategic objectives that
Israel has claimed are being uh coming
any closer so we need to have a
ceasefire immediately we need to set the
ground for a credible uh process that
enables the Palestinian Authority that
allows us to have a a process towards uh
a peace in the region this will resolve
many of the challenges that we have in
the region But continuing as we are now
continuing to see the suffer that's
happening in Gazza is likely to lead to
continuing cycles of escalation I can't
speak for the Iranians but what I can
say again I just want to make clear that
our priority and our emphasis is on
finding the path to deescalation and
that is primarily in our view through a
ceasefire in Gazza that is through
serious engagement uh across the region
but we need to focus on the immediate
crisis the immediate crisis is the
suffering that's happening in RZA we're
continuing to see that going on with
don't see any real prospects for that
ending and uh I'm somewhat heartened to
see that the International Community has
been moving more in the direction uh
that we have called for since the
beginning which is calling for uh
ceasefires which is calling for uh uh
more humanitarian aid but we need to do
more clearly not enough has been uh done
because the killing continues and the
suffering continues and uh the
Palestinian
Aras