the drums of a protest against Israel's
brutal war on Gaza echoed through New
York's Times Square thousands of people
from all over the US many of whom were
Jewish demanding a
ceasefire we are here to mourn the loss
of the children in particular and to
call for a ceasefire an immediate
ceasefire and to call on our government
the US government to and Aid military
aid to Israel demonstrations like this
one outside of New York's Brian Park is
to mourn the tens of thousands of people
killed in Israel's ongoing war in Gaza
unlike previous demonstrations the
intent here is to have a funeral march
to show solidarity and sadness I'm here
in the hopes that America stops funding
this genocide that um Israel is enacting
against Palestinian and the what is it
like 12,000 Palestinian children who
have been murdered since October
7th Thursday's demonstration was
peaceful but earlier in the week
tensions boiled over between police and
protesters raising concerns with the
mayor there's always a serious concern
around safety in New Year's Eve because
there's a large number of people
everyone you know look for uh events
like this if they want to do bad things
and uh we're sure that there's going to
be some type of attempt this year uh to
use that stage uh for some other
concerns that people are having New York
police have already set up an extensive
network of barricades in anticipation
that anti-israel protests could disrupt
the New Year's Eve celebration meanwhile
just south of Time Square protesters put
500 Effigies of dead babies together to
remind people there's nothing to
celebrate as long as Israel's war on
Gaza continues Frank Ardo World New
[Music]
York