a lot of these people are working as
Freelancers uh is it correct on your
part to be taking on the media Outlets
like CNN like AP uh to suggest that they
may have been culpable in what happened
on October
7 uh uh I'll I'll ask you a question
with your permission and that way answer
your point uh in the fighting in Gaza
has now been going on for a month and
Israel has been T hitting Targets in
Gaza hitting Hamas heavily have you seen
one picture of a dead Kamas terrorist or
of an injured Kamas terrorist and the
answer is no not one picture the only
pictures coming out of Gaza are pictures
that Hamas wants you to see and pictures
of innocent civilians caught up in the
crossfire now let's be
clear we have been hitting and hitting
Hamas hard we have been destroying their
military machine to presume that there
are no military casualties no terrorists
killed is of course ridiculous and yet
you can never see a picture why why is
that Ambassador I'm going to ask you
straight away is it your suggestion that
the media uh the media houses like CNN
like AP are hand and glove with the
Hamas that they are trying to cover up
or at least whitewash or turn a blind
eye to what Hamas is doing and that they
were hand in glove with the Hamas in
what happened on October 7th that they
knew beforehand what was going to happen
whenever one works as a press in
an authoritarian regime and in this case
a brutal authoritarian regime one has to
understand that there are limitations on
reporting if you walk down the street in
New Delhi and you ask people questions
people can tell you what they think if
you walk down the street in Gaza and ask
people questions with a camera they
cannot tell you what they think because
if they tell you they don't like Hamas
they will get into trouble and they will
face retribution and their families may
also face retribution this has to be
understood and if I'm a journalist
living in Gaza working under a Hamas
regime and a Hamas regime a brutal
regime it's clear that there are certain
stories I do not talk about it's clear
that there are certain pictures I do not
take it's not about Palestinians
specifically about anyone who lives in
an authoritarian regime there are
different rules for journalists in
democracies and there are rules very
different for journalists who live in
autocracies but I'm not