one of the world's most visited
landmarks is empty the Eiffel Tower
which has seen a soaring number of
visitors ahead of this year's summer
olympics in Paris was closed today CV
Genia B on why there's been a little
less love these days in the city that
celebrates
it the Eiffel Tower that emblem of Paris
recognized the world over was off limits
to tourists today a labor disput shut
down the landmark scheduled to be open
for business
365 days a year here a spelling error
notwithstanding the sign posted in
several languages made that clear
visitors were forced to admire the rod
iron structure from the ground and to
make other plans disappointing for
Canadian veto Santos we were here in our
honeymoon and the idea was to come to
France 15 years after that with our
children construction of this French
cultural icon wrapped up in
1889 and now over 6 million tourists in
year climbed to the top to admire Paris
and to bask in the glow of the city of
love this year in the leadup to the
Summer Olympics officials expect at
least a million more visitors workers
want higher wages proportional to the
increase in ticket sales but also they
demand more investment into the
maintenance of the 330 M High
structure we believe the management is
giving priority to short-term benefits
over long-term conservation of the
monument said Union delegate
Stan to know France is to know it has a
long history of protest and the Eiffel
Tower has not been spared artists and
academics staged an angry demonstration
when it went up calling it useless and
monstrous and just last year it closed
twice in March sweeping labor unrest
over the retirement age shut it down and
the tow workers walked out on December
27th on the anniversary of the death of
Gustav Eiffel the civil engineer whose
company designed the to to often called
The Iron Lady I appreciate the workers
wanting to um keep the tower going for
the next few hundred years that it can
stand the union says the maintenance
budget could actually run out before the
Olympics in July now it's not clear just
how long this strike will last Juna BOS
CTV News Montreal