people of Israel are under attack
orchestrated by a terrorist organization
Hamas in this moment of tragedy I want
to say to them and to the world and to
terrorists everywhere that the United
States stands with
Israel US President Joe Biden
criticizing Hamas for carrying out
unprecedented attacks on
Israel as Biden made the remarks
thousands of miles away from Ground Zero
the geopol political ecosphere was
already a buzz with criticism for him
with some harsh words emanating from his
own backyard as opposition leaders
queued up to say that Biden was partly
responsible for the brutal
conflict several US presidential
candidates blame Biden for appeasing
Iran through the recent deal involving
the return of five detained Americans in
exchange change for the release of $6
billion in Frozen Iranian funds they say
that the funds were used by Iran to help
Hamas former US president Donald Trump
said that the attacks had occurred
because the US is perceived as weak and
ineffective with a really weak
leader Trump said that the funds were a
catalyst for the Hamas attacks Ru
country the Israeli attack was made
because we are perceived as being weak
and ineffective and with a Le a really
weak leader many experts are saying that
this is an enormous intelligence failure
by the Israelis and the Americans as
both powerful allies seem to have no
information about what was
[Music]
coming so what is the US's foreign
policy in the volatile region us has
long sought solution to the conflict
that results in two states the Donald
Trump Administration deviated from that
goal but when Biden came in he
reaffirmed us support for the two-state
solution however not much progress has
been made in that direction with the US
promoting Israel Arab normalization
instead and resuming Aid to
Palestine the Hamas attacks could deal
another meaty blow to Us's foreign
policy as its Ambitions to normalize
ties between Saudi Arabia and Israel
could go to waste Biden has already been
facing questions in Us's political
quarters for his administration's
decisions to provide Aid to Ukraine
Vishal VES report for NDTV