[Music]
is
[Music]
[Music]
back
[Music]
violence in the West Bank this year is
at levels not seen since the second
inata and in recent weeks an alarming
surge in violent acts has driven this
unwelcome record even higher this
includes unprecedent levels of Violence
by Israeli extremist settlers targeting
Palestinians and their property
displacing entire communities as well as
Violence by Palestinian extremist
militants against Israeli civilians
today as President Biden recently warned
the United States is taking action to
address this escalating violence in the
West Bank by implementing new
implementing a new Visa restriction
policy under Section 212 a3c of the
immigration and nationality act under
this policy the United States will
pursue visa restrictions against
individuals involved in in or
meaningfully contributing to the
undermining of Peace security or
stability in the West Bank this includes
acts of violence against persons or
property as well as undue restrictions
on civilians access to essential
services and basic
necessities
so
[Music]
f
[Music]
we've seen a much more targeted request
for evacuations here where they they the
Israeli Defense Forces have identified
specific neighborhoods where they plan
to conduct military operations and urged
in advance of those operations the
people in those neighborhoods to move
rather than telling an entire city or an
entire region to to vacate uh their
homes so that is an improvement uh on
what's happened before they have
instructed them to move to areas that we
know are deconfliction zones it's one of
the things we discussed with them last
week so un supported facilities where
people can be out of of Harm's Way so
that is is an
[Music]
[Music]
improvement
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
yeah