from Malaysia to Lebanon first ladies
around the world have all called for
peace but today from this room in
Istanbul their voices constituted A
Chorus led by Turkish first lady Amina
uan we as heads of States their spouses
and Country Representatives should take
immediate action to stop the ongoing
massacres in Gaza the immediate
cessation of Israeli attacks targeting
civilian settlements in Gaza including
schools hospitals and other medical
facilities refugee camps un facilities
and places of worship is essential we
call for the immediate establishment of
a ceasefire that will Ender the conflict
and the provision of adequate
humanitarian Aid to civilians in
Gaza the message was clear and the
violence in Gaza now and plan for its
future for some the call is humanitarian
basic supplies have run out leaving Gins
vulnerable to things like disease
dehydration and
starvation the unbearable human
suffering we watch with pain in our
hearts shakes each of us deeply it is
very sad that the worst affected by this
armed conflict are civilians especially
women and
children but for others the Palestinian
cause is deeply personal Nadia El nla
spouse of first minister of Scotland
still has family trapped in Gaza her
parents made it out just one week ago
let us survive let us live in peace and
I beg and I plead give the children of
Gaza a chance let my niece Leila my
nephews Amid and Majid and baby Amir
survive it was clear that the women of
the one heart for Palestine Summit
shared in her message unequivocally
equally clear though is that outside
these four walls other world leaders
continue to have a drastically different
message as Israel's war on Gaza is set
to enter its seventh week Priyanka Nani
trt
[Music]
world