now to the Israel Hamas war prime
minister Netanyahu vowing to press ahead
with plans to invade Rafa despite a
personal appeal from Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin and blink's mission to
the region coming as the UN Secretary
General makes an urgent plea for more
Aid into Gaza ABC's Matt Gutman is in
Tel Aviv Tonight Tonight the UN
Secretary General having driven past
miles of Aid trucks waiting for entry
into Gaza with that Stark message here
from this Crossing we see the Heartbreak
and heartlessness of it all a long line
of blocked red Rel trucks on one side of
the gates the long shadow of starvation
on the other the UN acknowledging it has
struggled to distribute Aid once it's in
Gaza due to Israeli red tape lawlessness
in Gaza and bombed out roads the
Secretary General saying we have seen
enough we have heard enough and
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin
delivering a similar message to Israel's
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu Friday
ceasefire now echoing President Biden
the secretary also strenuously urging
Israel not to invade the southern Gaza
City of
Rafa but a short time after their
meeting Netanyahu announcing Israel will
go into Gaza with or without us support
secretary of state blankin is in that
SUV right there these protesters have
been blocking his entrance to his hotel
demanding the more attention be brought
to the hostages blink eventually getting
out shaking hands with protesters it
came after a US draft resolution in the
United Nations security Council for an
immediate and sustained ceasefire tied
to a hostage release was vetoed by China
and Russia Friday and with amid the
debate about Rafa Israel now beginning
the seventh day of its raid into alifa
Hospital gaza's largest Palestinian
officials saying that scores have been
killed Israel saying it has detained
over 800 suspected militants and Israeli
officials telling me it's their most
successful campaign of the war so far
with Matt Gutman in Tel Aviv thank you
hi everyone George Stephanopoulos here
thanks for checking out the ABC News
YouTube channel if you'd like to get
more videos show highlights and watch
live event coverage click on the right
over here to subscribe to our Channel
and don't forget to download the ABC
News app for breaking news alerts thanks
for
watching