disappointed with the decision and the
next step taken by the Chinese in the
case of the two Michaels and we offer
all our support and sympathies to the
families of Michael Corrigan Michaels
favor who are obviously living a
difficult moment today as they have been
for well over a year with the arbitrary
detention of two Canadian citizens we
have continued to express our
disappointment with the Chinese decision
with the Chinese detention of these two
Canadians we will continue to advocate
for their release for their return to
Canada while highlighting of course that
we we have an independent judicial
system that is going through its
rigorous processes in a way that is
separate from political interference
this is an important issue that we will
keep working on not with just directly
with the Chinese government but
alongside our allies and friends around
the world who are equally concerned with
this arbitrary detention I'll serve you
Danny we always freedom has been taken
very seriously the situation that too
many Canadians are facing across the
world arbitrary detentions and as
government we've put a lot of emphasis
the support of Canadians in distress
across the world we've had many
successes across the years yes
we're staying firm publicly but we're
working very firmly in the background to
make sure that the strategy of
liberating to bring back in
Ian's in distress and I can tell you
that the work that is being done in the
background is being done very actively
as a government we take very very
seriously the situation of Canadians in
difficulty overseas over the past years
we've had a number of successes in
returning Canadians on liberating
Canadians who were in difficulties and
we've continued to focus on that
obviously on top of the public
positioning that we're always very firm
on there is also plenty of action behind
the scenes in very direct and firm ways
that has resulted in positive outcomes
in the past and continues to be ongoing
in these cases and in other cases
similar around the world