so the ground Invasion will be um
extremely bloody for both
sides um Gaza is likely to look like a
blood
bath
and this despite Israel's best effort to
get as many uh Gaza civilians uh moving
evacuating south of the area that they
intend to go into
initially amas have a much much uh
Stronger hand given that it's they've
been building these tunnels over 16
years yeah they have been ruling hamama
ruling Gaza and it's a town they have a
town underground um that they are in
control of not the Israeli Army and
undoubtedly they're setting traps for
the Israeli soldiers there's no doubt
about that so they they're going to be
very high costs to the Israeli Army as
well as the gazan civilians this this
war in Gaza is unprecedented in terms of
its scale it's
unprecedented um and the Israeli Army
has stated that from day one that it's
not going to be like any other uh
incursion into Gaza so they are
preparing the Israeli population for
very high
losses for the
Israelis Hamas have the upper hand
Underground
Israel has um the upper hand from the
air but um boots on the ground means
fighting
underground and it's not going to be
easy now I don't think a takeover of the
entire Gaza Strip is going to be quick I
don't think anybody um is planning for
quick take over I think the fighting is
going to
be horrific and it's going to
be uh Zone by Zone as such which is why
for the time being they have asked for
the north to be
evacuated um past the Gaza River uh I
think we're in here for the Long Haul
unless um the International Community
manages to Break um a
[Music]
ceasefire
if the Israeli Army has to go in to try
to get them out Hamas has an advantage
point Hamas knows that know their
territory far better than Israel Hamas
has the Israeli Army Hamas has been um
Hamas took over the Gaza Strip 16 years
ago in a very bloody coup against fat
they were throwing fat members um off
roofs um they then imprisoned them and
torture them it's not a society that is
going to necessarily be kind to the
hostages if they feel um that they're
under threat