New York City Columbia University
increasing security as Pro Palestinian
demonstrators rally against the Israel
Hamas War the school switching to remote
classes in tonight protests now
spreading to campuses across the US ABC
Stephanie Ramos at Columbia
Tonight Tonight college campuses
scrambling to handle a growing Pro
Palestinian protest movement Columbia
University stepping up campus security
and moving classes online the school's
president saying we need a reset to
deescalate the
ranker but today fresh arrests and
tensions boiling over on the first night
of Passover this Israeli assistant
professor confronting University
officials over being denied access to
the main lawn as school officials try to
separate protesters I am a professor
here I have every right to be everywhere
on campus you cannot let people that
support Kamas on campus and me a
professor not go on campus let me in now
it comes after a campus Rabbi urged
students to stay home saying the school
and the NYPD cannot guarantee Jewish
students safety New York mayor Eric
Adams saying he is horrified and
disgusted with anti-Semitism spewed at
and around Colombia's campus pointing to
videos circulating online such as this
one showing a woman in front of
pro-israel protesters with a sign
reading Al kazan's next targets a
reference to hamas's military Wing made
me sick hearing the things they were
saying and doing um so over this holiday
I kind of just want to try to avoid it
as best as I can for my own safety many
pro Palestinian protesters insist their
movement is peaceful violence has no
place on on this movement uh and we
regret some of some of the uh incidents
that has happened uh that were actually
unassociated with with this
movement the protests calling for
colleges to divest from companies with
ties to Israel now spreading to other
campuses today at least 45 people
arrested at Yale University at NYU a
standoff with police after protesters
were told to vacate a campus Plaza back
here at Columbia University students are
still waiting to hear when they can
return to inperson classes New York
Governor Kathy hokel who visited the
campus today calling on people to find
their humanity and have conversations so
they can understand different points of
view David Stephanie Ramos reporting
from Columbia for us again tonight
Stephanie thank you