what's the objective right here in
Northern Israel so we have mobilized our
troops here reserves to be prepared for
any scenario that might haveen up open
up in the northern border well when you
say any scenario you mean whether this
area is hit by Rockets from Hezbollah is
that what you're worried about that is
one of the scenarios yeah could be a Sim
would happen in Gaza Strip could happen
here as well so we are here could be
joined could be a very direct specific
event we don't know we here to prepare
be ready with our troops we mobilized
and we're here it seems that the Israeli
military down south near Gaza were not
ready you going to make the same mistake
here yeah we're here now so we're not
can St
um I haven't he heard yet all the Deep
briefing what actually happened there so
I don't know to say they were not
prepared or what they knew they did not
knew this is war right we do the best we
can we prepare ourselves with all
the restrictions and the different ideas
of uh what will happen if who is a more
provocative what act could be presented
in such a way by the other side as
provocative and um we found ourselves in
the situation we did and now here we're
doing the best we can to not be in that
same situation anymore tell me about
your troops I mean this country's been
through a trauma um it's been through
you so many people killed y such a
shocking episode how how what what's the
mood of your soldiers morals are high
high high but still very frustrated and
uh sad a lot of people actually have
relatives are from the those areas from
those
Villages and
are really can't believe the situation
we're in and uh but we are here we're
motivated and we are here to stop and uh
any kind of attack might escalate even
even further into our nation thank you
very much I really appreciate it