spee
spe
[Applause]
the
Palestinian Health officials in the Gaza
Strip are continuing the difficult task
of digging up bodies from Mass Graves
outside of two major
hospitals these hospitals in Gaza City
and the southern town of KH yunas were
both the scenes of Israeli military
operations so far hundreds of bodies
have been exhumed now Israel says it has
nothing to do with these Mass Graves it
says it didn't bury anyone and that
people uh buried there likely were
either killed in battle or were patients
who died inside the hospitals but the
International Community is asking some
tough questions the United States has
demanded that Israel provide more
information the United Nations is
calling for an international uh
investigation it wants to know who was
buried there and what were the
circumstances Behind These deaths now
under international law hospitals
receive special protections from
combat however Israel says that Hamas
operated in these hospitals used them uh
for military purposes and when that
happens it says these protections are
removed we are horrified also Al by the
destruction of an Naser medical complex
and alifa medical complex and the
reports of the discovery of mass graves
in and around facilities and we call for
independent effective transparent
investigations into the
debts given the prevailing climate of
impunity this should include
International
investigators hospitals are entitled to
very special protection under
International humanitarian law and let's
be clear the intentional killing of
civilians detainees and others who are
or the combat is a war crime we are
stressing the need for international
investigations um there's a history here
of impunity for gross violations and so
many of them have gone undetected and
unreported on so we feel the need to
raise the alarm to raise the alarm
because clearly there have been um
multiple bodies discovered uh we don't
know how many there are reports that
some of them had their hands tied which
of course indicates um serious viol
ations of international human human
rights law and international
humanitarian law and these need to be
subjected to further investigations