meanwhile remember Hamas Rockets also
continue to pound Tel Aviv and this time
have hit Tel aviv's Jaffa area Hamas
continues to attack Israel as well the
difference here is remember Israel has
had a sophisticated mechanism of the
Iron Dome and has been able to
successfully protect its civilians as
much as possible against hamas's and the
rocket fire uh this you're looking at a
residential area in Jaffa in Tel Aviv
people rushing to a safer location one
of the Rockets has hit a residential
area we'll try and get you d details on
that these are the latest visuals coming
in on
that I'm right now in Jaffa area of
telaviv which is very close to the Sea
Coast here near the beach and what you
can see behind me here the damaged house
that is where the Hamas one of the Hamas
Rockets fell and hit the ground the
residential area in Jaffa and you can
see the kind of damage it has done it's
been more than 2 half hours now and
still the fire fire department people
and other rescue officers are around
around here and it is reported that
about three people got injured in this
rocket attack one of them critically and
it is uh Christian cemetery and you can
see it around and this is children's
Area Children's playing area where this
is head this is where this are very
close to the area where children play
and you can see I have a piece of the
rocket in my hand this is these are kind
of splinters which went all around and
if children were playing in this area
probably a lot of children would have
got H and would have died and still one
person is critical and two are
critically injured and right now still
rescue work is going on this is Rajesh P
from Jaffa T Aviv for India today