politic south-of-the-border is
gridlocked over the impeachment inquiry
into whether Donald Trump abused his
power today four witnesses appeared
including a war hero who heard the phone
call at the center of this inquiry
firsthand
CTV's Washington bureau chief joy
Melbourne on today's testimony
Lieutenant Colonel Alexander VIN Minh
wore his military uniform to a hearing
where his patriotism was questioned I
will begin by swearing you and
justifying what he heard on that call
between the president and Ukraine's
leader was so alarming he sat out of a
sense of duty he had to report it what I
heard was inappropriate it is improper
for the President of the United States
to demand a foreign government
investigate a US citizen and a political
opponent backed up by the vice president
special advisor Jennifer Williams also
on that call
I found the July 25th phone call unusual
it involved discussion of what appeared
to be a domestic political matter Donald
Trump is accused of abusing his power
pressure in Ukraine's leader to
investigate the Biden's
in exchange for military aid and a trip
to the White House Republicans tried to
undercut the officer never advice
casting doubt on his judgment and
character and Colonel you never leaked
information I never did never would that
is that is preposterous that I would do
that
pushing him to identify the
whistleblower who triggered this inquiry
after a testy exchange over his title
mr. Whitman you testified in your
deposition that you did not know the
whistleblower remember I saw Lieutenant
Colonel women please even Trump seemed
to mock the war hero I never saw the man
I understand now he wears his uniform
when he goes in the target of personal
attacks even the army is concerned for
his safety he had this message for his
family who fled the Soviet Union dad do
not worry I will be fine for telling the
truth and why do you have confidence
that you can do this because this is
America this is the country I've served
and defended that all of my brothers
have served and here right matters thank
you
while Americans are paying close
attention to the hearings a new poll
shows they're still very divided over
the president's actions and whether it's
impeachable Lisa all right Joe a Melvin
at the White House tonight thank you joy