in October 2023 the routine trip to the
bakery turned into a nightmare for this
59-year-old man minutes away from home a
deafening explosion shattered his
neighborhood racing through danger and
the debris he discovered only remnants
of his once vibrant family of eight now
tragically L to the war today he stands
in the shadow of what was once his home
grappling with the enormity of his loss
sometimes I find myself gazing out the
window waiting for the war to end hoping
to discover a glimmer of hope a
surviving child perhaps Ahmed or fedy
then I console myself with the belief
that they're in the Embrace of God whose
benevolence surpasses my
own amidst the chaos Hamada recalls a
time when a stray cat became an unlikely
companion in his search for closure
determined he erected the makeshift tint
at top the ruins tirelessly seeking the
remains of his loved ones five of whom
still lie buried the
debris as I observed the scene before me
memories flood back of our Carefree days
filled with laughter and play in
familiar spaces our family was a unified
entity eight Souls Bound by singular
existence and shared Essence their
abrupt departure shattered our Unity had
they waited a while longer we would been
together in
Paradise authorities in Gaza estimate
that approximately 300,000 out of
439,000
residences have been raised by Israeli
air strikes with over 85% of the
population displaced tens of thousands
now seek refuge in overcrowded tint
camps facing the constant threat of
further violence particularly in areas
like Rafa in Gaza the remnants of
buildings and the stories of those who
once called them home point a stark
picture of the ongoing conflict there is
scarcely a corner untouched and what is
ahead could exhibit the plight of those
already bearing the brunt of this war
Nar swi T World
[Music]
Gaza