well there is anger on the streets of
Israel as frustrated demonstrators call
on prime minister Benin Netanyahu to do
more to get the hostages out of Gaza in
Israel T aiv and nearby towns they were
rocked by Massive demonstrations where
people in thousands hit the streets they
voice the demands of fresh deal for
hostage release and prime minister
nathany AER from the
[Music]
office
[Music]
a separate protest by hundreds of
Israelis was staged against the
government at T aviv's habima square and
outside the Israeli defense Ministry
compound the demonstrators also sang the
national anthem
[Music]
abim
[Music]
came here tonight to keep fighting for
the release of my brother and the rest
of
135
hostages uh like every Saturday like
every day we want them back my brother
has a 2-year-old son who lost his mother
and is waiting for a from his father for
127
days in the Israeli town just want a
hostage deal we want our people to come
home we feel that no price is too
high in the Israeli town of ciceria
hundreds of demonstrators marched
towards prime minister Nathan yah's
private residence they shouted slogans
calling for Nathan Yahoo's resignation
some also carried a banner that read the
guilty one is in
ciceria
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
in kafer Saba thousands gathered and
protested against what they called prime
minister Nathan yah's governance failure
in bringing the hostages home the chorus
for prime minister Nathan yah's ouer and
fresh elections is growing across Israel
as the war has been continuing for more
than 120 days with no signs of mediation
or a new hostage deal since the
temporary truce that took place in
November last year according to the
Israeli authorities more than 100
hostages are still under hamas's
captivity while gaza's Health Ministry
says over 28,000 Palestinians have been
killed including children and women due
to the full scale war between the
Israeli armed forces and the Hamas
[Music]
[Music]
militants
[Music]
to