[Music]
Israel's war on Gaza has galvanized
support for Palestinians around the
globe all across Europe from Sweden to
Germany and in Spain Millions around the
world mobilized in solidarity with the
Palestinians trying to survive the
brutal Israeli attacks the protest
included many Jewish people in London I
say in this case the actions of the
Israeli government are not in my name I
feel really ugly about this there are
Jews many many Jews who say not in my
name even in New York where there are
more Jews than in Israel some Pro
Palestinian demonstrators glued
themselves to the street in front of
millions interrupting the Thanksgiving
Day Parade thousands of children who are
being bombed and buried under
Rubble we have nothing to celebrate this
unprecedented amount of support in the
streets is an illustration of how
outrage millions of people when they see
Palestinian children being killed at
this scale of almost 6,000 of them have
been killed and the destruction in the
Gaza Strip and people are outraged of
what is really happening and their main
theme is ceasefire and ceasefire
now and back in the Israeli Capital it
wasn't hard to find the drum beat for
peace and an end to the war um our
government doesn't want a hostage deal
they want to keep fighting and make it
so like a they want they hope that the
hostages would be released through the
Army to show like a a victory and to
make it a military solution but that's
not going to happen so far the US has
refused to allow a permanent ceasefire
to be part of any resolution coming out
of the UN Security Council and many Arab
envoys here at the UN believe it's just
buying time for Israel to destroy more
of the Palestinian Homeland the Israelis
will have had a very good idea of the
sort of push back they were going to
face and they have gone out of their way
I think to delegitimize criticism from
the UN whether it's from the Secretary
General from the general assembly or
even in the security
Council the un's annual International
Day of solidarity with the Palestinian
people is meant to focus Global
attention on the question of pales
but this year the question is even more
urgent and ask what will the future of
the Palestinian people look like after
the guns are silenced Frank UCO trt
world the United
[Music]
Nations