[Music]
Omar al Hajj Allah has to pass through
this gate every time he gets home it's
not meant to protect him but to isolate
him from his village
no one is allowed to go through this
gate apart from me and my family when
someone wants to visit us they have to
coordinate with Israel and get
permission 48 hours ahead of the visit
we live in isolation no one visits us
anymore Israel is pushing us to leave
our land
the land is part of the Palestinian
village of al juez l north of Bethlehem
and when Israel built a separation wall
in that village in 2010 Omar's house was
the only one left on the Israeli side of
the wall
it took him years in court to prove that
his own land belongs to him and to
access his property Israel built a
tunnel under the wall making it the only
way home
and beyond
Israel offered to pay me the price I
decide for my home and land or to lease
it to them for 99 years they also
offered to swap it for land in the West
Bank and eventually they said I can be a
partner in an investment project built
on my land I said Palestinian land is
not for sale because it only belongs to
Palestinians
amar accuses Israel of pressuring him to
accept their offer and his family says
they feel locked up inside their own
home
we are separated from our people in the
village they are on one side and we're
on another Israel detained my father
several times and they once hit my
brother and mother
the locals call Omar the mountain guard
because his 13 hectares of land still
stand in the face of growing settlements
considered illegal under international
law he says the settlements in the
village are spreading like cancer
Chelsea Carter TRT world
[Music]
you