I'm joined with ID of spokesperson momam
if you can give the information as we'
have been reporting from K Fairing and
uh 120 people have been killed if you
can tell us because there are thousands
of terrorist which entered and uh they
have devastated everything we see there
are many of the buildings and the people
who are living their life has been
completely Dev yeah as you can see you
know and this is just one of the towns
one of the communities that were filled
with families and women and children
Farmers people working in Tech every
single normal type of people that were
living here communities that of
businesses Hamas came one it was to
Massacre and murder Israeli civilians
civilians they came to focus on families
they came to focus on families that had
a barbecue sitting outside of their
house and if you walk around more and
see more you'll see poent small teddy
bear lying on the street street some
bikes of children burnt and charge to
pieces because if they didn't find the
Israelis to murder in the cars or murder
in their streets they would throw fire
bombs into the house to get them to run
out and them there take Hamas is a
terror
org Soul mission to murder Israelis it's
written in their Charter that they do
not think that Israel has any right to
exist and they that it needs to be
destroyed and they came over with that
mission um earlier as we know that there
were ham tourist who have taken this
entire area now
because many of v as well but now it's
been taken back by the
idea the idea liberated as well as the
other Israeli Security Forces liberated
these areas that were taken hostage by
Hamas terrorists and after a very very
long fight Israel has secured the border
Israel has secured the fences there's no
longer any infiltration but still till
today Hamas is firing rockets at Israeli
civilians yesterday I was driving on the
highway and a red alarm that was in Tel
Aviv and you get out of your car you
jump and you hide against a wall that
was a reality here for many many years
in the towns here and now it is the
reality that the IDF and Israel needs to
fight against so that is no longer the
reality of israeli's living thank
you
[Music]
[Music]
for