this cannot be just a pause before the
massacres starts all over again while
Israel claims it is respecting the laws
of war it was not able to restrain
itself from confessing to its crimes its
statements actions and clear
objectives all converged to confirm its
intentions the destruction but make no
mistake as soon as the pause ends we
will continue striving towards our goals
with full force we will not stop until
we eliminate all of hamas's Terra
capabilities and ensure that they can no
longer rule
[Music]
Gaza
[Music]
[Music]
wa
[Music]
oh
[Music]
Mr President the state of Palestine
welcomes the agreement for a truce
reached yesterday and expresses its
appreciation to all those who
contributed in reaching this agreement
is especially our brothers from Qatar
and Egypt in the next few days families
will be able to embrace to mourn to
start healing the wounds that can be
healed including the families that will
be reunited with loved ones who were
held captive this cannot be just a pause
before the massacres starts all over
again Mr President the resolution of
this Council was clear about the
enormous tasks that need to be
undertaken during this
truce enabling Rapid Safe and unhindered
humanitarian access facilitating the
provision of desperately needed
humanitarian Aid throughout the Gaza
Strip and rescuing and recovering the
thousands Who Remain trapped under the
rubble this must be done immediately Mr
President while Israel claims it is
respecting the laws of war it was not
able to restrain itself from confessing
to its crimes its
statements actions and clear objectives
all converged to confirm its intentions
the destruction of the Palestinian
nation and of its legitimate aspirations
the hostage deal that was approved last
night is clear proof that Israel is
willing to take far reaching steps but
make no
mistake as soon as the pause ends we
will continue striving towards our goals
with full force we will not stop until
we eliminate all of hamas's ter
capability
and ensure that they can no longer rule
Gaza and threaten both Israeli civilians
and the women and children of
[Music]
[Applause]
Gaza