big news coming in in international news
a few hours ago prime minister of Israel
Benjamin Netanyahu met with the Indian
National Security adviser Ajit Dalal
these are the images exclusive audio
screen theal meeting Netanyahu and we're
told according to the statement released
by the prime minister of Israel that uh
he was updated about the recent
developments on fighting on the Gaza
Strip the sides also discussed efforts
to release hostages on the issue of
humanitarian assistance an interesting
meeting there of NSA Dalal with Benjamin
Netanyahu of his roal India today's
Foreign Affairs editor Gita Bohan joins
me for the latest on that Gita
interesting images isn't it that India's
NSA AIT Dalal meeting Benjamin Netanyahu
and why precisely and and what was on
agenda do you think that these two
individuals met and what details do you
have about
it important meeting and a very
important visit by naal security a d to
Jerusalem and the meeting with Israeli
Prime Minister nahu given that India has
two stakes right now in the peace uh in
that part of the world where uh we where
the Indian Administration is looking at
Major connectivity projects and uh
therefore the discussion did uh focus on
the situation in the Gaza STP as also uh
the hostage situation is what uh we
given to understand and that certainly
makes the entire visit very important uh
the National Security advisor in his
meetings with the prime minister with
Israeli Prime Minister not only
discussed the hostage crisis but also
humanitarian assistance two areas where
India has been focused on and has been
pressing upon is well that humanitarian
assistance and access uh to Gaza STP
should be provided but also focused on
the uh the hostage crisis that Israel is
dealing with so an important visit Inu
that is that is very important to us in
Wake of the imch that is signed not so
very long ago so India has been an
Allied member of Israel for a long time
now but in an interesting meeting that
the National Security adviser a theal
meeting President prime minister of
Israel Benjamin Netanyahu and we are
told from the statement that theal was
updated about the fighting on the gasa
stre