[Music]
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
yeah
the people of Israel and their elected
representatives are united today as
never before the knesset voted
overwhelmingly to oppose any attempt to
unilaterally impose a Palestinian State
on Israel such an attempt will only
endanger Israel and will prevent the
genuine peace that we all seek peace can
only be achieved after we achieve total
victory over Hamas and through direct
negotiations between the parties Direct
negotiations without
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
preconditions
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
the court should not find that Israel is
legally obligated to immediately and
unconditionally withdraw from occupied
territory the the court can address the
questions before it within the
established framework based on the land
for peace principle and within the
parameters of established principles of
occupation law hamas's attacks hostage
taking and other
atrocities the ongoing hostilities and
the suffering of Palestinians in Gaza
and the violence in the West Bank
reinforce the United States resolve to
urgently achieve a final piece that
includes the full realization of
Palestinian
[Music]
self-determination
[Music]
[Music]
in the present proceedings the court
will be right to conclude that uh Israel
violations result in Israel's duty to
comply with the obligations it had
breached to put an end to its ongoing
violations and to provide reparation for
the damaged
cost this means uh first and foremost
that Israel is under an international
legal obligation to respect the right of
the Palestinian people to
self-determination and to stop all
settlement activities in the occupied
territory
[Music]
today Egypt firmly
denounces the ongoing obstruction of the
Palestinian people's inalienable
permanent and unqualified right to
self-determination a violation as
arguing as argued by Palestine that is
an essential feature of Israel's
prolonged
occupation one only needs to look at
Israel's vicious wholesale destruction
of Gaza today after years of imposing
the medieval methods of Siege and
blockade to realize the extent of
Israel's transgression of this
[Music]
principle
[Music]
[Music]
he
[Music]
[Music]
he
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]