the Gaza crisis has raised the
possibility of Street protests making a
comeback in Jammu and Kashmir this
coupled with an increase in foreign
terrorists has prompted security
agencies to conduct a review of security
measures and also strategize on new ones
my colleague Nita Sharma has been
tracking all the latest developments for
us she joins us live at the moment Nita
agencies have reviewed security measures
in Kashmir what can you report at the
moment
yes there was a high level security
meeting held yesterday at uh 15 core
which was chaired by the adviser of
leant Governor uh Mr Mano sna Rajiv who
Rajiv Kumar who's the uh adviser to the
LG HE reviewed the entire new s security
Matrix because uh you know the entire
the the things that were discussed in
the meeting was that how the entire
Islamic world is minutely watching as to
what is unfolding in Gaza especially in
people in Kashmir so uh keeping that in
mind they had an apprehension that you
know some kind of Street protest might
take place in Kashmir Valley so a new
security setup was discussed in this
meeting apart from the fact that the
number of foreign terrorist have also
gone up you know till 2019 to 2022 the
number of locals who were operating in
Valley were were quite high but now this
cycle has reversed the number of foreign
terrorist operating in Valley are almost
as equal or rather higher uh on the
higher side as compared to the locals
even the director general of police Mr
dbak Singh when he spoke to the media
earlier this week he also said that last
year as many as 110 local uh people had
joined uh various tanms of terrorism but
this year only 10 have joined so the
number has come significantly down but
the apprehension of security agencies is
that uh the Pakistan to keep the bort
boiling might use these sleeper cells
might use these foreign terrorists who
are already in Kashmir Valley to uh to
you know uh to to disrupt the Law and
Order situation the input that the
agencies have that most of these foreign
terrorists are either in in the upper
reaches now that the snow is falling on
on these uh on these passes and on the
upper reaches they might come down and
it might affect the Law and Order
situation so a new security Matrix was
discussed in meeting which was shared by
the adviser of the leant governor back
to you