it's day 40 on what is perhaps the most
significant day of the war between
Israel and Hamas so far this morning at
1:00 a.m. the IDF the Israeli Defense
Forces contacted officials within Gaza
to say that they would be storming the
alifa hospital within minutes that then
duly followed and troops from the idf's
Commando units stormed that facility in
search of Hamas operatives terrorists
hiding within their Lair beneath that
medical facility they went in threw
smoke grenades shouted in Arabic don't
move don't move and then went from W to
W level to level searching for
terrorists searching for those men
behind the massacre on October the 7th
which left 1,200 Israelis dead and more
than 3,000
wounded that operation is still ongoing
as we speak the IDF the Israeli Defense
Forces are rounding all the men up from
the ages of 16 to 40 and taking them to
a courtyard where they are are
interrogating them interviewing them and
trying to gain as much intelligence as
possible the IDF have also released
footage taken from a drone that shows
some of those terrorist cells operating
within the alifa hospital moving
explosive devices those men pictured in
the Drone footage were taken out by a
double tap
explosion this move by the Israeli
Defense Forces is significant but it is
also coming at a very worrying time for
the families of the 24 40 hostages who
was slashed by Hamas gunman on October
the 7th talks have been going on for
several days behind closed doors in an
attempt to have them freed in exchange
for Palestinian women and children
incarcerated within Israel's prison
system what today's raid does to those
talks no one knows at the moment but for
those families waiting for news this
will be an extremely distressing
time