the enormity of what is unfolding has
also left Muslim and Jewish communities
living in fear a rise in hate crimes and
online radicalization is targeting both
sides here's ctv's Kevin Gallagher on
the dire consequences of the
vitrio solemn prayers at this mosque in
Illinois as the community Grieves the
murder of six-year-old W Alum a
Palestinian American who loves soccer
and playing with Lego me that the
sacrificial lamb to this atmosphere was
this beautiful young six-year-old boy he
was stabbed multiple times yesterday
along with his mother who survived the
attack police say they were targeted
because they were Muslim by their
landlord who was angry over the Israel
Hamas War he like a
dream I still didn't believe my son is
gone the Muslim Community in this
Chicago suburb is accusing media
coverage and US politicians of favoring
Israel and stoking hate against Arabs
and Palestinians he's throwing eggs at
my house here Jews are also being
targeted this video shows vandals
throwing eggs at a rabbi's home in
British Columbia and defacing it with a
swastika newly appointed special Envoy
on combating anti-Semitism Deborah Lions
urged understanding there is only one
pathway and that is for all Canadians to
come together report hate crimes against
Jews and Muslims have been on the rise
in Canada to that hate Jewish
federation's candidate president Steven
Schulman says with technology hate
spreads easily social media and as it's
caused divisions in society so too it's
EMB bolded uh embolden hate mongers and
anti-semites the Liberals promised
tougher laws to combat online hate last
election two years later there's still
no bill soon I can't give you an exact
time but it's coming soon tomorrow and
Ottawa leaders from four Federal parties
will speak at a conference to fight
anti-Semitism including prime minister
Justin Trudeau Omar all right Kevin
thanks