Egypt has begun offering incentives to
help support its tourism industry in the
southern cyani on the Red Sea speaking
on Monday Egypt's tourism Minister Ahmed
Isa said the war between Israel and
Hamas in Gaza had begun to affect the
sector so far the impact is on the
customers who have bought the regional
products because the tourism sector in
Israel is actually practically shut down
so this is where we're seeing the most
significant impact but in the grant came
with in the overall um uh uh size of
bookings that represents less than 10%
of the total number of bookings in Egypt
tourism is a key source of scarce
foreign currency for Egypt which was on
tracked to earn more than $13 billion
this year and hit a target of 15 million
visitors but ratings firm S&P Global
warned on Monday that fall in tourism
due to the conflict could cause
significant problems the impact is
likely to also be felt in countries such
as Lebanon and Jordan due to Travelers
postponing or canceling holidays to the
Middle East and North Africa although
Isa insisted tourists were committed to
Egypt we're hearing from them that
the as people realize the geopolitics
and that the Red Sea resorts are far and
away from the um the what's happening in
the region uh we're seeing uh
significant uh escalation again to the
normal levels of the reservations for
the season December to February Egypt is
offering an extra $500 of incentives per
flight landing in chamal shake and is
working closely with wholesalers
retailers and airliners shamal Shake is
about 225 Mi south of C's Northern
Mediterranean Coast which borders the
Gaza
Strip the Palestinian group Hamas
carried out a surprise attack on
Southern Israel from Gaza on October 7th
killing 1,400 people and seizing around
240 hostages in the deadliest day in
Israel's history it triggered an Israel
Hamas war that has seen the heaviest
Israeli bombardment of Gaza in 75 years
of conflict according to the Hamas run
Health authorities more than 10,000
Palestinians have been killed