a rign of death and destruction
continues in
Gaza Israel's bombing remains as
Relentless as ever with no relief on the
horizon for the people of
Gaza there is a mission the mission you
charge to worth it but at the same time
you must do everything to protect your
lives this is the first thing second
thing if someone tells you and they say
it all the time I hear outside that we
are going to stop the war that the war
is over the war is not over it will end
in total Victory no less than that the
choices for those inside Gaza are very
limited either they stay in their homes
and risk being bombed or they follow
Israeli orders and relocate only to face
the same
threat Jets continue air strikes while
ground artillery finishes the job those
that do survive are often left with a
bleak
future my whole life has changed from
being a healthy person who was able to
to control all the details of my life
now in the simplest thing I need help
from another person even sleeping I
cannot sleep well just like a normal
person who sleeps and moves currently it
is impossible to sleep without a pain
reliever or sedative that's why Medical
Aid remains critical inside Gaza but
Israel's Onslaught has crippled
it air strikes have killed more than 140
un relief staff while completely
destroying most hospitals many these
patients have lost family members and
don't have anyone to bring them water or
food some of them are severely injured
and have been waiting for surgery for 2
weeks other have been operated on but
are now at risk of postoperation
infection due to lack of antibiotics and
Other Drugs all these patients cannot
move and need to be transferred urgently
to have a chance to survive it's getting
worse by the day as Israel's Army
continues to Target medical facilities
indiscriminately and as of wrangling
over how to reach a ceasefire agreement
continues in the UN the chance of
survival for those inside Gaza continues
to
plummet sh Hassen trt
world