eighty-three years old and still
fighting for a Palestinian state
President Mahmoud Abbas has spoken at
the UN General Assembly many times but
rarely has so much been at stake
Jerusalem is not for sale and the rise
of the Palestinian people are not out
for by gaining a best announced US
President Donald Trump's decision to
move the US Embassy and cut funding to
the aid agency Umrah he also condemned
Israel for introducing a law that
enshrines the country status as a Jewish
state and to the Trump administration
President Abbas had this message I renew
my call to president from to Racine his
decisions and decrees regarding
Jerusalem refugees and settlements which
contravene international law and UN
resolutions as well as the
understandings that we have reached
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu used his address to thank
President Trump for delivering almost
everything the Israeli side has asked
for so I want to use this opportunity to
express Israel's appreciation to
president Trump and ambassador Halley
for the unwavering support they provided
Israel at the United Nations
but Netanyahu's main message at the UN
General Assembly was delivered with a
theatrical flourish today and disclosing
for the first time that Iran has another
secret facility in Tehran it's not the
first time he's used a poster board in
the UN if Israel can prove the claim it
would mean Iran has violated its 2015
nuclear agreement 15 ship containers
full of nuclear related equipment and
materials stored there now since each of
those containers can hold 20 tons of
material this means that this site
contained as much as 300 tons 300 tons
of nuclear related equipment and
material this year the contrast couldn't
have been greater a
and the Palestinians are down on their
luck with the US administration openly
hostile towards them meanwhile Netanyahu
and these Raley's are in their element
confident and assured they have the
strongest backing from the most Israeli
friendly US president they've ever known
Nicole Johnston TRT world New York
[Music]