a reuter's
video shows that a journalist was killed
and six other journalists injured in
southern Lebanon according to a writers
for videographer the journalist was
struck by missiles fired at them from
the Israeli Direction the group of
journalists including from Al jazer were
working near Alma al-sham close to the
Israel border the same area where the
Israeli military and Lebanese militia
Hezbollah have been trading fire in
Border
clashes take a look at the next report
to no
more the Israeli Army said on Saturday
that it was investigating an incident in
southern Lebanon in which a Reuters
journalist was killed and six others
injured a military spokesman said the
death of Isam Abdullah was quote a
tragic thing a Reuters videographer who
was at the the scene on Friday said
missiles fired from the direction of
Israel struck the
group alongside journalists from El
jazer and AFP the reuest team was
providing a live video signal for
broadcasters near Alma alsab close to
the Israel border where the Israeli
military and Lebanese militia Hezbollah
have been trading fire in Border
clashes while other news outlets
including the associate a press in Al
jazer said the missiles which killed
Isam Abdullah were Israeli ruus could
not establish whether they were fired by
Israel Israel's un Envoy gillad Eran
spoke to reporters at a briefing on
Friday obviously we would never want to
uh to uh hit or or or kill or shoot any
journalist that is doing it job but uh
you know we're in a state of War uh
things might happen un secretary General
Antonio GES said the incident underlines
the danger of the conflict spreading and
the risks to reporters I want to say how
much this demonstrates the enormous risk
of spill over of this conflict in
relation to Le and I want to pay tribute
to the journalists that so many
unfortunately the largest number ever uh
last year so many journalists are paying
with their lives the work they do uh to
bring truth to everybody in the world
that's I present to their families my
deepest condolences two other brus
journalists te Sudani and me nazzi who
were wounded in the incident were
released from a hospital after receiving
Medical
[Music]
Care