well it has been over 30 hours since an
unprecedented Hamas attack on Israel
shook the world Israel has now declared
that it is in a state of fullblown war
that is Total War Death to on both sides
is Rising by the minute and now the
leadership of Arab states has stepped up
diplomatic efforts to deescalate the
violence the Arab League Chief is headed
to Moscow to hold talks with Russian
foreign minister Sarge lavro
according to a spokesperson for the
league of Arab states Ahmed Abul gate
who is also a former foreign minister of
Egypt will be discussing the rising
conflict in the Gaza Strip with the
Russian foreign minister shortly after
Hamas groups coordinated attack on
Israel Russia called for an immediate
end to the violence and urged both sides
to quote unquote exercise restraint the
Arab League Chief's visit comes just
today after the Hamas group launched a
surprise attack AC across 22 different
locations in Israel Israeli defensive
forces shortly responded to the attack
carrying out Air Raids on the Gaza Strip
Israel security cabinet has now approved
and ratified a declaration of war the
country is now officially in a state of
fullblown war with the Hamas militant
group while the war has escalated
further the role of the Arab League is
now in the spotlight the 22 member block
has largely called for a deescalation of
the conflict but many fingers have been
pointed towards Iran for barking Hamas
and triggering a war however West Asian
leaders from Saudi Arabia United Arab
Emirates and most importantly Egypt have
not openly exhibited Brazen support for
the attack on Israel but the long UE
talks on Israel palestine's two-state
solution is a sticking point for the
Arab League meanwhile the Arab League
Chiefs visit to Russia of all Nations
has also raised eyebrows questions have
AR reason what is Russia's interest in
this freshly triggered War how does it
pun out the country's own Global
standing as it invaded Ukraine and more
importantly can the leaders of the Arab
League and Russia together help Israel
and Palestinian
Authority reach a
consensus weon is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the
move