well that comes as the head of the UN
has slammed Israel over its rejection of
a two-state solution a solution that's
seen by Israel's Ally the US is the only
path to durable peace using his toughest
language yet Antonio gues told the UN
Security Council that the right of the
Palestinian people to build their own
fully independent state must be
recognized by
all last week's clear and repeated
rejection of the two-state solution at
the highest level of the Israeli
government is
unacceptable and this was despite the
strongest appeals from even the friends
of Israel including those sitting around
this table France 24's New York
correspondent Jessica lurer gave us the
details from the
UN France's new foreign minister used
his first high-profile speech on the
world stage to call for a Palestinian
State as he chaired a un security
council meeting on Gaza Stefan seet said
that world powers faced two options
division or peace and emphasized that
France seeks to act for peace well he
called for a ceasefire in Gaza and
berated countries that are Fanning the
flames and invading their neighbors a
clear reference to Russia un secret
General Antonio Gish said that Israel's
clear and repeated rejection of the
two-state solution was unacceptable he
also reiterated his call for a Ceasar he
was careful to give a very balanced
speech saying that nothing can justify
the Hamas attacks and nothing can
justify the collective punishment of the
Palestinian people Israel's un
Ambassador gillad uran responded by
arguing that calls for a ceasefire were
shocking because they would only allow
Hamas to regroup and rearm Palestinian
foreign minister Riad al-maliki begged
the council to end the conflict we're
running out of time he said uh we have
two choices spreading fire or a
ceasefire Russia's foreign minister
lavro denounced what he called Wy
American diplomacy and blame the US for
blocking any Council action on Gaza
including a un Security Council
statement put forward by Russia calling
for a ceasefire well the US argued in
turn that it blocked that statement
because Russia refused to include any
language condemning Hamas the irony of
Russia trying to present itself as peace
Peacemaker and preaching double
standards whilst pummeling its neighbor
Ukraine was really not lost on other
council members