this report from Sky Alex Rossy begins
with images of bodies being carried in
bags which you may find
distressing there is a growing sense of
urgency that the situation in Gaza
cannot continue the relatives of this
family whose bodies have just been
recovered claim they were Sheltering in
a school when they were
killed my sister was at this point and
her children were in her arms they had
all been lying here shots had been fired
at them and they had Hebrew writing on
their
foreheads according to the health
authority in Gaza the death toll is
heading towards
20,000 and Aid agencies say the
humanitarian situation is worsening by
the
hour the US has stated Israel is losing
Global support for its military
operation and there's also been a change
in tone from other key allies foreign
secretary David Cameron visited the
kabut last month and saw the Carnage of
October the 7th but he's now added his
voice along with his German counterparts
calling for a sustainable ceasefire it
is becoming clear that the United States
is losing patience with Israel because
of the rising civilian casualties in
Gaza and the vision about what happens
when the fighting stops but in defiance
of the Biden Administration prime
minister Netanyahu says he opposes calls
for a revitalized Palestinian Authority
to govern the strip as an interim
measure on the way towards a two-state
solution and as the IDF continue
pressing further into Gaza the Israeli
leader is also adamant he'll not bow to
any International pressure on the
timetable for the military operation
we will achieve all of our goals
elimination of Hamas the release of all
of our hostages and a promise that Gaza
will not once again become a center of
Terror incitement against the state of
Israel and attacks against the state of
Israel we will continue to fight until
the end for the sake of the fallen and
for the Assurance of our lives here in
the land of
Israel but things are becoming
increasingly desperate inside Gaza the
longer this conflict goes on there is a
trickle of a entering the strip every
day these trucks carrying supplies were
mobbed as they entered through the Rafa
Crossing but much much more is needed
with humanitarian organizations saying
the population is now at Breaking
Point Alex Rossy Sky News