let's shift our Focus now a series of
Israeli air strikes on the southern Gaza
town of Rafa killed at least 52 people
as per Gaza officials the strikes had 14
houses and three moss in different parts
of Rafa mediators held TOS in Cairo for
a pause in the fighting and the release
of around 130 hostages Israel says are
still in Gaza including 29 thought to be
dead Hamas seized over 200 hostages on
the 7th of October and dozens were
released during a onewe truen November
hamas's military wing on Sunday said two
hostages had been killed and eight
others seriously wounded in Israeli
bombardment in recent days the group's
claim has not been independently
verified yet two Israeli hostages have
been rescued from Hamas captivity early
this morning Israeli military says they
were held in Rafa Netanyahu meanwhile is
facing calls for an early election and
mounting protest over his
administration's failure to bring home
the hostages in the war zone Combat on
Sunday seemed intense
several kilometers to the North of
kanones city Israel's military said
troops are conducting targeted raids in
the west of kanones Southern gaza's main
city Hamas said dozens of bodies have
been found in Gaza City in the coastal
strips North after Israeli ground troops
withdrew from the area in a statement
the group said most of them were mared
by bullets of snipers since the start of
the war the violence has also surged on
the occupied West Bank the Israeli Army
said tro near Bethlehem shot a man who
tried to stab a soldier on Sunday the
same day Israeli police said officer
shot dead a knife wielding suspect
Jerusalem's old
city for latest news download the Von
app And subscribe to our YouTube channel