neither seeks to govern nor occupy Gaza
seeing that we seek to give it and us a
better future now this is the statement
that is coming from the Israeli pm and
this comes even as the White House on
Thursday confirmed that Israel has
agreed to a 4-Hour daily humanitarian
pause in Gaza to allow civilians to flee
now despite this Netanyahu has ruled out
any broader seasar calling it a
surrender to Hamas reacting on the
fighting pause US President Joe Biden
has said that he had asked Israelis for
a pause longer than 3 days however he
further said that there was no
possibility of a general seiz fire
meanwhile Mass Exodus in Gaza continues
as over 880,000 people fled North Gaza
in a single day earlier the Palestinian
officials had confirmed that over 10,000
civilians have been killed in Israeli
air strikes while a humanitarian crisis
has gripped the Gaza
Strip we don't seek to govern uh Gaza we
don't seek to occupy it but we seek to
give it and us a better future in the
entire Middle East you fought Isis you
fought Al-Qaeda it took you a long time
I don't think it'll take us that long by
any stretch of the imagination but
however long it takes we'll do it there
won't be a ceasefire without the release
of Israeli hostages that's not going to
happen uh there will be uh two
humanitarian corridors allowing people
to flee the areas of hostilities in the
northern part of Gaza uh the for such
corridor open between four and 5 hours
um every day for the past few days has
already enabled uh many thousands of
people to reach safer areas uh the
second route along the coastal Road will
enable many more thousands to reach
safer areas in the thir in the South and
of course um We are continuing to work
closely with our Israeli Partners uh to
uh to address and remain Vigilant about
efforts from Hamas to discourage uh and
prevent civilians from fleeing this area