no the eyes appear to have it the eyes
do have it and the motion is agreed to
the legislation receives support on both
sides of the aisle rare bipartisan
agreement on the hill it provides $80
billion in Aid to Ukraine and $26
billion to Israel amounts that were
approved 2 months ago in a similar
foreign aid package that did not have
the tick tock provision the Chinese own
social media company has been under Fire
in Congress for months despite its w
popularity among American Youth some of
whom were protesting outside the Senate
against the measure senators were at
pains to point out it's not Tick Tock
itself that is the concern rather the
Chinese ownership of the app Congress is
not acting to punish by dance Tick Tock
or any other individual company Congress
is acting to prevent foreign adversaries
from conducting Espionage surveillance
maligned operations harming vulnerable
American an our servicemen and women and
our US Government Personnel currently
the Chinese Communist party is able to
gain unlimited access to the account
information of Tik Tock users if it so
chooses elsewhere the director of the
FBI added his voice to the Tik Tock
debate Tik Tock for US represents a
national security concern and the reason
I say that is that Tik Talk's parent
company is beholden to the Chinese
government and so when people when
Americans stop and think about how do
they feel about the the power the access
the capability the
control that Tik Tock has they need to
be thinking about it in terms of how do
they feel about that same power access
capability control in the hands of Tik
tok's
parent in Chinese government and
ultimately in the Chinese intelligence
Services the Chinese owners of Tik Tok
have been given nine months in which to
sell the company or it will be banned in
the US President Biden can expend this
period for three months if he wishes
with an immediate ban no longer being
contemplated Congress has ensured it
does not become an issue in the November
election Mike Hannah aljazera
Washington make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer