and the second along lebanon's border
cross border fire has erupted between
Israel and Lebanon early Sunday killing
at least one person on the Israeli side
of the Border reports suggest a top Hees
bullah Commander was eliminated in The
Counter
Strike
Happ as the Israel Hamas War continues
to rage
on the situation remains tense at Israel
Lebanon
[Music]
B
IDF launched a massive Counterattack
last evening following provocations by
hisbah and targeted its key military
base in
[Music]
Lebanon this is in retaliation to the
Hamas attack uh terrorist where more
than
1,400 uh people Israeli people have been
killed but now it's an Israeli forces
who have been moving towards the Gaza
City now we know that the already there
were ultimatum that was given to the
people clearly asking that the people
should move from the northern to the
southern site because it's Israel who's
going to retaliate and now there are
more than uh 2,000 people in uh Gaza who
has already been
killed this after hasbullah terrorist
fired anti-tank missile towards an
Israeli military post and launched nine
Rockets towards is
isra striking right back Israel launched
strikes at his bua military
[Music]
infrastructure
for the last 3 days an intense exchange
of fire continues between the Israeli
Defense Forces and hisbah
terrorists while six suffered injuries a
journalist lost his
life triggering protests in downtown bat
but Israel is on the
Forefront there are more Israeli forces
who have being been moving forward the
road has been completely blocked for the
forces for a for a green Corridor so
that they can leave to the northern side
as we know there are reports that has
been coming in where the attack that has
completely been made by the Israel but
yes this is in retaliation to the attack
that started by the Hamas terrorist as
we know uh that there are air strike
that has been and the main target of the
Israel is completely on the Air Force
even as the situation at Israel Lebanon
border remains
tense Israel has set the record straight
those challenging the security interests
will be given a befitting
reply
agency report Republic
TV