this afternoon people gathered in
support of Israel outside the United
Nations CBS 2's Christy Kian is there
with more Jessica's still a lingering
police presence here and throughout the
area where the UN Security Council held
a closed door meeting and supporters of
Israel held a rally here and an hour
before that started supporters of
Palestinians held a rally in Time Square
and actually made their way to Second
Avenue not too far from here we are here
we are here supporters of Israel in
front of the United Nations to denounce
the air and ground attacks against
Israel early Saturday which prompted
Israel to declare war people here are
fighting to save Jewish lives and that's
what we want to make
clear supporters of Palestinians
gathered in Time Square in a rally
denounced by both mayor Adams and
Governor Kathy hokel on Saturday Adams
calling it disgusting hok morally
repugnant those rallying in support of
Israelis condemning the attacks carried
out by Hamas throughout the weekend
concerned for their family members and
those from other countries caught in the
violence I don't know how they can call
themselves Freedom Fighters they're
they're holding hostages American
citizens Norwegian citizens people from
Germany innocent lives that they're
taking the rallies eventually moved to
Second Avenue NYPD officers out in full
force along with barricades in place to
prevent violence no peace can be had
without human equality and justice for
all Sammy Stegman is a holocaust
Survivor in this particular century and
the 21st century there is no room for
such hate you have differences the only
way that we can work together live
together is both sides okay want to make
peace and there are more protests
scheduled throughout the night across
the tri-state area outside the UN
Christy Kian CBS 2 News