the Admiral is here to talk about the
president's call with prime minister
Netanyahu the manner in which they are
defending themselves against the Hamas
threat needs to change uh what we want
to see are some real changes uh on the
Israeli side um and um you know if we
don't see changes from their side
they'll have to be changes from our side
that our support for Israel self-defense
remains Ironclad he made clear the need
for Israel to announce and to implement
a series of specific concrete and
measurable steps to
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
address
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
oh
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
he made clear the need for Israel to
announce and to implement a series of
specific concrete and measurable steps
to address civilian harm humanitarian
suffering and the safety of Aid workers
he made clear that US policy with
respect to Gaza will be determined by
our assessment of Israel immediate
action on these steps he underscored
that an immediate ceasefire is essential
to stabilize and improve the
humanitarian situation and to protect
innocent civilians as in terms of
concrete steps uh what we are uh looking
to see and hope to see here uh in coming
hours and days is uh a dramatic increase
in the humanitarian assistance getting
in additional Crossings opened up uh and
a u a reduction in the violence against
civilians and certainly Aid workers that
our support for Israel self-defense
remains Ironclad they face a range of
threats and the United States isn't
going to walk away from helping Israel
defend itself that said you can say all
that and you can act on that and you can
believe that and the president does and
still believe that the manner in which
they are defending themselves against
the Hamas threat needs to change I'm not
going to preview um uh any potential
policy decisions coming forward um what
we want to see are some real changes uh
on the Israeli side um and um you know
if we don't see changes from their side
there'll have to be changes from our
side but I won't preview what that could
look like
[Music]
now