starting with the conflict between the
Israeli Defense Forces and the
Palestinian militant group Hamas as
attacks from both sides continue the
death toll has now soared past 2,000
anonin brings us the
latest the death toll in the conflict
between Israel and militant group Hamas
continues to climb with over 2,000 Deads
since Saturday according to Israel
Defense Forces more than 1,200 people
were killed in Israel since a surprise
attack by Hamas at the weekend marked an
increase in violence in the region the
Palestinian Ministry of Health stated
that at least 900 people were killed in
Gaza including more than 400 children
and women Reports say that a total of
7,000 people have been injured on both
sides the figure jumped as Israel began
to pound Gaza with air strikes and
retaliation for the attack by Hamas and
with Israel's leaders pledging to fight
on the death toll is almost certain to
rise Gaza won't return to what it was
before we will eliminate everything if
it doesn't take one day it'll take a
week it'll take weeks or even months
we'll reach all
places the number of hostages held in
Gaza is estimated to be at least 150
including 50 Israeli soldiers Israel is
committed to the security of its
citizens to their safety and well-being
I would like to emphasize as to the
well-being of those abducted and
kidnapped why it should be made clear
not a hair on their heads should be
armed meanwhile the Palestinian form
Ministry says that the Israeli military
used prohibited white phosphorous
Munitions while Hezbollah and Hamas have
claimed that they launched attacks from
Lebanon into Israeli territory which
landed in open areas or were
successfully defended as the Gaza
blockade intensifies Aid efforts to
provide food Fuel and Medicine have
proven difficult humanitarian groups are
calling for the creation of safe
corridors to bring basic necessities
into Gaza as the fighting continues
anong Jin arang
news