Professor rold I want to bring you in
right now and this argument that uh many
are essentially making especially for
those apologists of Terror the reason
why I call them apologists of Terror is
simply because of this what we witnessed
last
evening images that were being widely
circulated and the Western world was
perhaps eager to jump on it Western
media in particular was very eager to
jump on it by simply saying that look
here if it's the evil IDF which is
essentially targeting innocent
gazin I would like to just suppose both
the arguments put forward one with
regards to the role that is essentially
been played by a terrorist organization
called the Hamas second those who are in
a tacit manner have been allowing Hamas
to operate in the way they have and the
arguments that they make while saying
that look here it is Israel the evil
power that is attacking innocent life
are only
fueling a terrorist organization like
Hamas um absolutely I'm sorry I lost you
a little bit there but um yeah look it's
simple that Hamas has been
offered uh to rebuild the power station
in Gaza but it but it doesn't want to CU
then it would be responsible for the
electricity it wants Israel to be
responsible Hamas uses the um pipes that
were brought in to carry
water it uses them to build missile
launchers um Hamas is an organization
that uses its
resources to kill as many Israeli
civilians as it can in an effort to
demoralize the Israeli Republic which it
believes will me allow it to destroy
Israel it is not interested in the
welfare of the Palestinian people it is
quite happy to use them as human
Shields and as we saw with their Ally
Islamic Jihad which is associated with
Iran um if hundreds of Palestinian
civilians die as a direct result of a
missile attack targeted on Israel which
goes wrong well that doesn't bother them
very much either and one has to remember
that about a third of all rockets
launched from Gaza towards Israel
actually land in Gaza so that means a
fair number of those
Palestinians who are dying are dying
directly as a result of the missiles
launched by Hamas and Islamic she had
from the Gaza Strip