during the two
[Music]
[Music]
weeks
[Music]
as democracies um the United States
Israel other democracies have a
responsibility to do everything possible
to protect civilians who may be caught
in In Harm's Way and this again is a is
a crossfire quite literally of hamas's
making the fact that it cynically and
monstrously deliberately has people uh
men women and children as human Shields
um puts uh puts its uh command posts
puts its leadership puts its Fighters
puts its weapons puts its Munitions
underneath hospitals or even inside them
schools mosques makes this incredibly
challenging but we have to rise to that
responsibility and so we will be talking
about concrete steps uh that can and
should be taken to minimize harm to men
women and children uh in uh in Gaza uh
and this is something that the United
States is committed to I'm not going to
get into the the details here but it's
very much uh on the agenda pursuant to
Clause 1 C of rule 19 further
consideration of HR 6126 will now resume
the clerk will report the title A bill
making emergency supplemental
Appropriations to respond to the attacks
in Israel for the fiscal year ending
September 30th 2024 and for other
purposes pass of the bill will be
followed by a 5minute vote on the motion
to suspend the rules and agree to house
resolution 798 this is a f minute
vote on this vote the a are 226 the Nays
are
196 the bill is
[Applause]
[Music]
passed see sorry it's under these
circumstances thank
you
y we're here we're not going
[Music]
[Music]
anywhere we are going to continue to
stand with Israel's right to defend
itself and let's be clear and never
forget what happened on October 7th uh
where hundreds thousands 1,400 innocent
people were killed slaughtered young
people who were simply attending a
concert and so we are not going to
create any conditions on the support
that we are giving Israel to defend
itself
what's that one up be C
[Applause]
[Music]
ch