as we are joined by a very special guest
uh Lieutenant Colonel Peter Lerner is
the Israeli Defense Forces spokesperson
he joins us now Colonel thanks very much
uh for being with us given the um extent
of the Israeli military buildup on the
Gaza Frontier would it be fair sir for
me to say that a ground assault of the
Gaza Strip can now happen at any
time I would say that the IDF is making
all of the preparations required in
order for us to be ready at the go as
the government instructs us that is our
responsibility um we've not I would not
say that that's the situation currently
but but generally we are operating and
accumulating the forces and making sure
that our forces are prepared for any
instructions we receive from the
government I realize this might put you
in a a slightly difficult spot but
people really do want to know uh are we
looking at at at hours days possibly
weeks before something like this happens
a ground in Invasion a ground incursion
of of Gaza and Israeli move into
Gaza we are currently striking Hamas and
we are operating in order to destroy
their operational capabilities to remove
their terrorist infrastructure and to
Target the terrorists themselves that uh
LED organized and instructed and funded
and implemented sorry I have to go I
have a siren here I will try and take
you with I can't guarantee we'll we will
keep the line you're take coming along
with me
yeah going
up you with me you with
me can you hear me yes yes go ahead sir
yes sir I am with you go sounding I'm
taking you with me we're taking cover
I'm just putting my headphones
in thank you so this is the this is what
it is now in Tel right and we're just
taking cover and
right yeah no I can we can we are
getting that