the ongoing Israel Hamas War has
prompted some of the prominent members
of Hollywood to take a stand in a recent
event Angelina Jolie's father John Voit
has publicly slammed her daughter for
her comments on the war now in a three
minute long video that has gone viral on
social media Jean voy publicly claimed
that he was disappointed with his
daughter Angelina Jolie for her
anti-israel stance with the American
flag in the backdrop he captioned the
video as truth and
lies I'm very disappointed that my
daughter like so many has no
understanding of God's honor God's
truths this is about destroying the
history of God's land the Holy Land the
land of the Jews this is Justice for
God's Children of the Holy Land Israel
the Israeli Army must protect thy soil
thy people This Is War it's not going to
be what the left thinks it can't be
civil now Israel was attacked by inhuman
Terror on innocent babies
mothers last week jie became one of the
prominent figures to voice her concern
about the ongoing War where she said and
I quote what happened in Israel is an
act of Terror but that cannot justify
the innocent lives lost in bombing a
civilian population in Gaza that has
nowhere to go no access to food or water
no possibility of evacuation and not
even the basic human right to cross a
border to seek Refuge unquote she
further stated that Gaza has been an
open air prison for nearly two decades
and is fast becoming a mass Grave by
refusing to demand a humanitarian
ceasefire and blocking the UN Security
Council from imposing one
on both parties our world leaders are
complicit in these crimes she concluded
we Tau me is just to to see every every
obstacle every challenge in front of you
and and
[Music]
um