moving on now tens of thousands of
protesters took to the streets in Israel
against the government's planned
judicial overhaul multiple opposition
leaders took part in protests that were
organized in cities across Israel
[Music]
thousands of Israelis rallied for a
fifth week in a row to protest the
government's push to radically shake up
the judicial system along with the main
protests in Tel Aviv smaller
demonstrations were held in Jerusalem as
well Haifa and a number of other cities
local media Reports say some 40 000
people attended the rallies in Tel Aviv
estimated Nationwide turnout for
Saturday's protests would add sixty
thousand with at least 10 000 rallying
in Haifa around 2 000 people in
Jerusalem and Rana
I'm here for an important protest
against a corrupted government and a
corrupted prime minister they want to
tear up the Judiciary System Netanyahu
is going to change the whole
system the other legal system and this
is going to drive us to really bad
places
the leaders officials former bureaucrats
also came out strongly denouncing the
proposals
proposed by the new government the
reforms proposed by the coalition
government led by prime minister
bennyman Netanyahu includes Provisions
that will curb the high court high
courts justices a Judicial view powers
and will also cement political control
over the appointment of Judges despite
objections by the Attorney General the
Supreme Court chief justice numerous
other jurors economists academics and
others the government has vowed to go
ahead with these legislative reforms the
knesset's Constitution Law And Justice
committee is said to continue its work
on the bills next week Reports say
Coalition hopes to bring them to a first
payment vote by the end of February
foreign
is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move