[Music]
Israeli and Palestinian women want to
channel female energy to bring an end to
this conflict women wage peace was
formed after the Gaza war of 2014 by
Israeli mothers including French migrant
Pascal Shin this is my responsibility to
do something as a citizen as a mother
and after the war I realized that it's
about time I should do something I
should stop watching TV and crying in
front of the screen they're holding
marches across the country this autumn
[Music]
they're hoping to unite women to push
for peace Palestinian and Israeli old
and young Muslim Christian and Jewish
and also left and right within Israeli
society many people that we don't know
industry coming joining us singing with
us dancing with us but for Palestinian
women it's different
they can't just join in the only place
Israelis and Palestinians can meet
without permits is in a part of the West
Bank known as Area C so that's where the
main women wage peace rally is taking
place
enough when violence enough with hatred
enough with blood enough with war we
need to work for peace thousands of
women walk together in the desert near
the Dead Sea mingling freely they say
they feel that they are no longer
enemies they're heading for a tent named
for Hagar and Sarah the biblical mothers
of the Muslim and Jewish people's I am
optimistic because if we're not it means
that we get frustrated and frustration
leads to dangerous consequences in the
tent Palestinian lama abu accrued
finally gets to meet israeli pascal shin
giving unconditionally loving
unconditionally it's it's women and
basically mothers and women in general
so when they get together it's a huge
power critics say this is idealistic not
realistic that women wage peace believes
soft power can lead to real results to
benefit both people's
[Music]