Israel is at war with
Hamas this is a war that we did not
start and we did not seek an operational
pause for release of hostages does not
change
it Israel is still at war with Kamas and
we are committed achieving our goals
defeat Hamas and bring all our hostages
home I repeat bring all our hostages
home
our hearts are with families of hostages
being held by Kamas it's hard to imagine
what they're going through and they
await
news about their sons and daughters
parents grandparents brothers sisters
children and babies
babies the Hamas Massacre of October 7th
was a genocidal attack Hamas terrorists
took over
240 men women children and babies babies
hostage we will never forget what
happened on October 7th and we and we
will not lose sight of our
responsibility our duty to bring all our
hostages
home the Israel Defense Forces will
continue operating stage by stage
against Hamas today I brought foreign
media with me to Gaza into Gaza to see
the facts for themselves Hamas has been
systematically using hospitals in Gaza
to run its Terror machine Hamas built
tunnels underneath hospitals used them
to command their operations yes command
their operation underneath hospitals
Hamas wages war from hospitals this is a
sick nature of the Savage terrorists we
are fighting Hamas is using the protect
the protected status of hospitals as a
shield now that the irrefutable truth of
hamas's exploitation of hospitals in
Gaza is in full display to the world we
have an important question to ask the
International
Community
what will you do to stop gazan hospitals
from being turned into Terror bases in
the
future will you condemn
Kamas or will you continue to be silent
will you remain
silent I want to make it very clear
Israel is at war with
Hamas we are not at war with the people
of Gaza
we will continue fighting Kamas at the
same time we will continue facilitating
humanitarian Aid to the people of Gaza
humanitarian assistance is an integral
part of our
operation as we move forward we will not
for a second lose sight of our goals to
free Gaza from Hamas and to absolutely
do everything to free all our hostages