[Music]
they call it the great march of return a
demonstration by thousands of
Palestinians in the Gaza Strip demanding
their right to land seized by Israel for
two weeks they've burned tires and waved
flags but what was intended as a
peaceful protest who quickly turned
deadly more than 40 Palestinians have
been killed and around 1,400 have been
seriously wounded once again violence in
Gaza has become a war of narratives
Israel says it's attacking members of
Hamas who have used the protests as a
smokescreen to wage terror attacks in
Israel the attack is a response to an
incident along the Gaza border yesterday
in which Hamas apparently attempted to
breach or infiltrate the security fence
into Israel managed to set ablaze a
military engineering vehicle but
Palestinian protesters say they're being
targeted indiscriminately their wounds
many of them gunshots to the leg have
left some disabled for life Israel is
facing growing international calls to
stop using deadly force Israel must
uphold its responsibilities and under
international human rights and
humanitarian law lethal force should not
should only be used as a last resort
with any resulting fatalities properly
investigated there's also pressure on
the government to explain the deaths of
Palestinians like Yasser Mattia a
photographer who was shot wearing a flak
jacket and press helmet and explained
videos like this last year a Palestinian
man was shot by an Israeli soldier who
celebrated while filming
yes or no the video has caused an uproar
online Israel's Defense Minister Avigdor
Lieberman has praised the sniper saying
he deserves a medal
and the photographer deserves a demotion
violence in Gaza has only renewed
tension that's long simmered in the
strip and it's only set to heat up on
the 14th of May Israel will celebrate 70
years since its founding an anniversary
that Palestinians are preparing to mark
with more protests and Israeli soldiers
will be poised to respond
Sandra Gottman the newsmakers
[Music]