a small group of protesters in the ha
welcomes a Palestinian legal team as it
arrives at the international court of
justice the delegation came to address
what they say is a root cause of the
misery and grief experienced by
Palestinians and Israelis occupation and
the denial of statehood what does
international law mean for Palestinian
children in Gaza
today it has protected neither them nor
their childhood it has not protected
their families this is day one of a case
requested by the UN General Assembly
over a year ago it asked the court for
an advisory opinion on Israel's policies
in the occupied Palestinian territories
including the ongoing construction of
Jewish settlements in the West Bank the
best and possibly the last hope
for the two-state solution that is so
vital to the needs of both peoples is
for the Court to declare illegal the
main obstacle to that solution the
ongoing Israeli occupation of Palestine
and for it to pronounce in the clearest
possible terms that international law
requires that this entire illegal
Enterprise be terminated the case is
separate from last month's International
court of justice genocide case against
Israel Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu says he does not recognize the
legitimacy of the Court proceedings
which he says are an effort designed to
infringe on Israel's right to defend
itself against existential threats
Israel's lack of recognition is part of
the reason Canada argued that the case
shouldn't be going ahead Canada was said
to be among 51 other to present at the
court this week but Canada withdrew from
the process on Monday a ruling will
likely take months and would be
nonbinding but in the current political
climate it could add to International
pressure on Israel Redman Channon Global
News London