so it is day eight of the war thousands
of Palestinians are fleeing to the
southern part of the Gaza Strip the
Israeli deadline is ended Hamas is
ordered and is told people to stay put
and hold their land meanwhile the state
of Israel is preparing for a ground
offensive the Israeli prom minist
Benjamin Netanyahu visited the troops
near Gaza he says that he wants to
increase the morale of his
troops Israel continues to strike the
Gaza Strip with air raides early on
Saturday there were more explosions that
was winess in some areas as the expected
ground offensive by Israel
nears Hamas says that nine people that
had captured during a raid on Israel
last week have been killed in an Israeli
strike in Gaza thousands of people are
struggling to maintain the means of
communication as they've been completely
cut off from electricity water and fuel
some Gin with solar panels are not the
only source of energy to
many
a large number of Gins are fleeing the
regions northern part part majority of
them are Panic stricken as the threats
of an expected ground Invasion revive
memories of the NBA nagba is an Arabic
word which means catastrophe it refers
to the 1948 war and thousands of people
as they flee to the southern part of
Gaza they see they reliving the life
that their parents and grandparents went
through the dwindling Food Supplies is
another big problem for the people in
the region the United Nations Secretary
General Antonio gutes has said that the
situation in Gaza has reached a
dangerous new
loan
a convoy of Aid is on its way to Gaza
the aid has been prepared by the
National Alliance for civil and
developmental action which consists of a
large number of Egyptian charity
organizations in both Gaza and Israel
funerals have become a common side in
Gaza people are bearing their loved ones
in numbers that have not been witnessed
in many years in Israel families are
also attending the funerals of the
soldiers who ended up losing their
lives in Israel's North Defense Forces
are claiming that they've destroyed a
Target in the country's border with
Lebanon the statement released did not
indicate whether the target was
Hezbollah Von is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the move