Israel is facing major diplomatic
backlash over the air strike that killed
seven International Aid workers
supplying desperately needed food to the
Gaza Strip Israel's Defense Forces Chief
of Staff herzi Hali has issued an
apology for last night's deadly Israeli
strike on an eight convo in Gaza he says
that the strike was a result of a
misidentification take a
listen last night 7 employees of the
world Central Kitchen were killed wck is
an organization whose people work across
the globe including in Israel to do good
in difficult conditions the IDF works
together closely with the world Central
Kitchen and greatly appreciates the
important work that they
do the IDF completed a preliminary
debrief I want to be very clear the
strike was not carried out with the
intention of harming wck Aid workers it
was a mistake that followed a
misidentification at night during a war
in a very complex conditions it
shouldn't have happened the Israeli
Chief of Staff further added that an
independent body will carry out a
thorough probe that will be completed in
the coming few days
the findings of the investigation will
be shared with the world's Central
Kitchen and other relevant International
organizations on the other hand Israel's
closest Ally the US has slammed the
country over the strikes according to
the White House US President Joe Biden
is outraged and heartbroken by the
Israeli air strike he's called on Israel
to do more to protect Aid workers in
Gaza we were outraged to learn of an
idea strike that killed a number of
Civilian humanitarian workers yesterday
from the world Central Kitchen which has
been Relentless in working to get food
to those who are hungry in Gaza and
quite frankly around the world we send
our deepest condolences to their
families and loved
ones the American president also pointed
out that at the difficulties which are
being faced by Aid workers in Gaza he
says that the war has been one of the
worst in terms of how many Aid workers
have been killed in a statement by said
that the major reason why Distributing
humanitarian Aid in Gaza has been so
difficult is because Israel has not done
enough to protect Aid workers trying to
supply desperately needed help to the
[Music]
civilians