now as we continue with our coverage of
the Israel Hamas War let's also take you
back to the attack of the 7th of October
the day the current stage of the
conflict precipitated innocent families
including elderly children were wiped
out by Hamas militants some videos from
the day of the attack have surfaced on
the Internet it's been uploaded onto the
page reality of War on social media and
by this is a by a group called South
First Responders but before we show you
these visuals we wise caution here of
course the first video clip from a body
cam shows how militants had only one aim
to kill upon entering the civilian
territory they start firing
indiscriminately at the rows of of
houses when they encounter the Israeli
Defense Forces militant exchange
exchange fire with soldiers and then
they move towards the direction of the
kots now the second footage on your
screen shows how the militants continued
their hunt to kill civilians they go on
firing at houses not stopping at that a
militant makes sure to even shoot out
the tires of an ambulance so that no
life can be
saved and then the third video which
shows Hamas militants firing at a
civilian the civilian which appears to
be an old man is shot dead by a militant
in his own house as he tries to make it
to shelter or a safe place to hide Once
Again the video has not been verified
byon and now on to the fourth video on
your screens it shows what unfolded on
the streets of Southern Israeli towns
against the backdrop of War Raid Sirens
her Mass militants continue to move
between houses continue to fire as they
look for any
signs of life it is likely that at this
point families could have been hiding in
the shelters beneath the
house
this next footage of course has been
doing the rounds all over the world now
showing many young youngsters and
parents who sat for long hours with
shelter this is of course visuals that
we're seeing from the music festival
where a lot of music lovers who were
there to attend the festival they had to
run for their lives as this is where the
attack started from this is minutes
after the attack
[Music]
started