now with no signs of deescalation in the
Israel Gaza war demonstrators in New
York and the yemeni capital of saana
took to the streets to display their
support with Gaza the scums am made
failing International efforts over
striking a truce deal in the war which
is now in its 7th month over 200 Pro
Palestine student demonstrators
continued to camp in New York's Columbia
University through Friday
the demonstrations persisted after at
least 100 students were arrested for
staging demonstrations on campus on
Thursday it also comes following
Congress accusations of anti-Semitism
against the University's president
demonstrators pressed on us school to
boycott exchange programs with another
school in Tel aiv when the
demonstrations entered its Third Day on
Friday the the University president nmed
shafik requested police support to
disperse the crowd however shafik said
that the Personnel violated the campus's
security
rules meanwhile thousand of
demonstrators took to the streets of the
yemeni capital saana in Pro Palestine
demonstrations demonstrators gathered in
a rally and were heard chanting slogans
against Israel's war in Gaza while
waving Palestinian Flags scor of
demonstrators also included houthi
supporters who held up play cards with
the group's slogans on
them demonstrators at site were also
seen supporting the recent Iranian
strikes in Israeli
territories we went out today in support
of Gaza and the people of Palestine we
are by their side Palestine is a part of
Yemen and Yemen is a part of Palestine
we will not forsake their assistance
until death we are with Palestine until
the last breath of Our
Lives as for the Gaza Health Ministry
Israeli aggression has killed at least
34,000 Palestinians in Gaza since the
start of the war clashes have erupted
between Israel and Iran or Lebanon
aligned groups like The houis and hisbah
[Music]