and gazin sought refuge in bombed out
hospitals as Israel promised to press
harder in its Ward with Hamas eight
groups have warned of the apocalyptic
humanitarian situation in the territory
saying it is close to being overwhelmed
by disease and starvation well on Sunday
the World Health organization's
executive board adopted resolution in
tackling the worsening health situation
in the Gaza Strip calling for immediate
and unimpeded humanitarian access the
resolution proposed by Afghanistan
Morocco Qatar and Yemen call for the
granting of exit permits for patients
and supply of Essential Medical Aid in
the Gaza Strip the wh Chief also
announced that the group and its
Partners in Gaza managed to deliver
essential trauma and surgical supplies
to gaza's Al Ali hospital to cover the
needs of 1500 people as well as transfer
19 critical patients then on the other
hand on Tuesday the United Nations
General Assembly is likely to vote on a
draft resolution demanding an immediate
humanitarian ceasefire in the Gaza Strip
the potential vote will follow the US
veto of a UAE Le un Security Council
resolution that called for a ceasefire
in Gaza on
Friday now the US Secretary of State has
urged Israel to do more to protect
Palestinian civilians in its war with
Hamas linkoln said that Israel needs to
put a premium on protecting Gaza
civilians and making sure that the
humanitarian assistance can reach those
who need it now this comes as most
Americans are unhappy with their
President Joe Biden's handling of the
Israel Gaza War according to a new poll
published by a US News Outlet 46% of
Americans believe that the Biden
Administration is making no impact on a
peaceful resolution in the war just last
week Senators gathered to vote against a
bill that would provide billions of
dollars to Ukraine and Israel Us's indep
dependent senator of weon Bernie Sanders
went against the party lines to say that
it would be irresponsible for the United
States to give Nathan yahu another $1
billion to continue to wage this awful
War meanwhile K prime minister said that
mediation efforts are also continuing to
secure a new Gaza ceasefire and free
more hostages held by Hamas despite the
ongoing Israeli bombardment that is
narrowing the window for a successful
outcome
[Music]
that's