the dead toll from the armed conflict
between Israel and Hamas has surpassed
4,000 as Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
n now vow to destroy Hamas and the
threat comes as residents of Gaza were
given a 3-hour time frame on Sunday to
leave and move South is
reports the death toll from the armed
conflict between Israel and Hamas has
surpassed 4,000 as of Sunday the
Palestinian said the death toll from
Israeli bombardment of Gaza reached at
least
2,670 while Israel says more than 1400
Israelis had been killed since fighting
began over a week ago in total over
13,000 people on both sides have also
been injured including 9,600 in Gaza
meanwhile the UN peacekeeping mission in
Lebanon said Sunday that its
headquarters was struck by a rocket amid
exchanges of fire on the border with
Israel according to the United Nations
interm Forces in Lebanon a rocket shell
landed on its site in southern Lebanon
and they are working to identify where
it originated no casualties were
reported meanwhile hundreds of thousands
of Gaza residents fled their homes in
Northern Gaza as the Israeli military
opened a 3-hour window from 10:00 a.m.
to 1:00 p.m. on Sunday in which they
said they would not conduct military
operations Israel said it would continue
to allow Palestinians to flee Gaza to
relocate Southward as Israel's expanded
emergency cabinet met for the first time
on Sunday prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu vowed that Israel is gearing
up to demolish Hamas in Gaza the
ministers started off with a moment of
silence for the over 1,000 Israelis
killed in the recent escalations
Netanyahu said the force of unity sends
a clear message to the nation the enemy
and the
world use