in occupied East Jerusalem worshippers
performed evening prayers at the al- AA
mosque on the first day of Ramadan
35,000 people were allowed into the
compound despite a heavy Israeli police
presence it comes a day after young men
were denied entry into alaka which is
the third holiest site in
Islam I came to pray they always refuse
to let us in as if it's their mosque
we're peaceful we are not carrying
anything this is the mosque that the
prophet Muhammad peace be upon him
journeyed from they say we harm security
and we cause trouble we're coming to our
mosque we are not coming to cause
trouble we are coming to pray but
they're Nazis that's their nature Al
jazer Hamas salut is outside Damascus
gate in occupied East Jerusalem with
more Palestinians in occupied East
Jerusalem are marking the first day of
the Muslim holy month of Ramadan but it
doesn't come without hardship here at
Damascus gate there is a heavy security
presence and Israeli forces have
deployed in in large numbers in and
around the old city leading up to the
Ala mosque now Palestinians are afraid
that they will be denied entry into the
holy site we saw this last night when
there were heavy Israeli restrictions
where hundreds if not thousands of young
Palestinian men were denied entry into
the Ala compound but tonight it seemed
that more worshippers were allowed in
and that's because Israeli authorities
have said that they are not going to
limit the amount of worshippers for the
first week at least but that could
change based on a security and
situational assessment here at Damascus
gate though Palestinians are gathering
in somewhat of a tradition during the
nights of Ramadan but there are no
decorations there aren't a lot of
festivities and that's because of the
war on Gaza where Palestinians are still
under Relentless Israeli attack hamut
alaz occupied East
Jerusalem