Israel pummeling Gaza from the
skies while on land its Army awaits the
goahead for a ground offensive the US
already funds the Israeli military to
the tune of $3 billion a year it plans
to spend billions more to Aid the fight
against Hamas meanwhile the war in
Ukraine is well into its second year
with no end in sight again the US has
been far away the ukrainians biggest
backer to the tune of $75
billion but can the US afford to finance
the military campaigns of two different
allies in two different conflicts at the
same time I think the answer is
absolutely um America can certainly
afford to stand with Israel and to
support Israel's military needs and we
also can and must support Ukraine in its
struggle against Russia and look the
American economy is doing extremely well
but the sums involved are eyew watering
the latest package drawn up by the US
Administration will cost another 105
billion do most of that $61 billion will
go to Ukraine another 14.3 billion is
ear marked for Israel's operation in
Gaza and there's even a third front 7.4
billion dollars will go to America's
allies in the Indo Pacific to counter
the threat from China as long as the
people who hold us bonds uh think that
the US at some point will pay them then
we have a a theoretically quite large
ceiling on how much money we can print
and how many things that we can do with
that money now fiscal conservatives like
myself think that this is sort of a
confidence game at a certain point the
bottom will fall out uh now the question
is are we close to that at the moment
the problem is less an economic one than
a political one while supportive of
funding for Israel a growing number of
Republican lawmakers are opposing any
further money for Ukraine an opinion
poll suggests a majority of Americans
agree with
them and with elections June next year
the US Administration fears it will
become increasingly difficult to
persuade the public that so much money
should be spent on other nations Wars
John brain trt World
Washington