use the fresh unrest in the West Bank
after a week of intense violence and
tensions a Palestinian terrorist opened
fire at the Israeli checkpoint at the
occupied West Bank early on Saturday
morning the Israeli forces claimed the
firefight claimed the life of an Israeli
security guard at the scene the shooter
was identified as a 17 year old boy who
used an MI6 rifle for the onslaught at
the calendar checkpoint a militant group
named Al-Aqsa Marta's Brigade has
claimed responsibility for this attack
the terror outfit is also speculated to
be associated with Palestinian president
Mahmoud abbas's fatah party now the past
week has seen an escalation of
skirmishes in the West Bank between
Israeli forces and Palestinians on
Monday six Palestinians were reportedly
killed and several Israeli servicemen
were wounded during a heavy Clash the
Israeli forces had raided the city of
genin to capture a suspected terrorist
the Palestinian Health Ministry claimed
that 91 were left wounded in the attack
including a 15 year old girl who later
succumbed to her injuries
all of this comes in the backdrop of
Israel's plans to move ahead with 1 000
new settlements in the occupied West
Bank the plan approves
4560 housing units in various areas of
the West Bank
White House National Security adviser
Jake Sullivan spoke to his Israeli
counterpart on Friday and encouraged to
thaw the tens situation in the West Bank
the U.S had previously broken peace
talks between Palestinians and Israel
aimed at establishing a Palestinian
state in the West Bank however the
negotiations collapsed in 2014 with no
signs of Revival in sight
on the other hand Israel is roiled with
protests over the judicial reforms as
president Benjamin Netanyahu has
announced to move ahead with the reforms
the Netanyahu government has proposed to
make amendments to the judicial system
that would allow the government the
power to appoint judges it has sparked
one of the largest civilian protests in
Israel's history Israelis have
vehemently denounced the judicial reform
plan accusing netanyahu's government of
a series of corruption cases
foreign
now available in your country download
the app now get all the news on the move