I'm trying to start this Teddy Bear
Foundation for the mom and for the
little boy who didn't deserve
this he didn't 26 times how can anyone
do that to a
boy I
can't my daughter gave up one of her
stuffed animals and she said this is for
him so that's her stuffed animal and
then she said that the that's the mom
bear and that's her holding her son the
blue
the mother of the boy and the boy were
in their um unit basically they're
renting a floor in the house of this man
who committed this crime when he knocked
on their door she opened it he had
knocked on the door many times before um
she had no reason to suspect anything
and when he opened the door he proceeded
to choke her the mother who thir 2 years
old her name is Han and attempted to
stab her and she ran into the bathroom
and called 911 and by the time she came
out he had located and murdered her
child six-year-old wadia by stabbing
this all happened in seconds I know this
because she texted this information to
the father who shared the texts with me
um she is now lying in the hospital in
serious condition attempted to choke her
and said Muslims Must Die to what extent
was this person radicalized and
brainwashed by the lopsided one-sided
atmosphere that has fanned the Flames of
hatred against Muslims and Palestinians
it hits home you don't feel safe now I
live in planfield for over 20 years you
don't feel safe I don't feel
safe I someone on Facebook literally I
was going after me right now calling me
a terrorist I have three uncles that are
us citizens that are stuck there in
Palestine they can't even get a flight
to come home and then they've been in
the US for 50 years they're American
citizens and they can't even
leave so it's affecting us everyone
every Palestinian is somehow affecting
us because we have family I was talking
to my family in
Gaza I don't know what what's happening
to them right now the last communication
was 3 days
ago no power
no water no
food I want my
American FS my American Brothers to
understand what we are suffering we are
presenting peace and I the question that
was asked that what we might we will do
nothing because we are peaceful people
we are educated people we are not
lious
that