yearning to return home as the
everpresent threat of death looms just
over the horizon these gin stge Israeli
bombs and bullets daily but they hope
2024 will finally bring the peace they
need to return to their
homes everyone around the world is
celebrating the New Year watching
fireworks shows but for us the fireworks
show here is missiles all we have are
rockets and explosions children being
killed my wish for the new year is for
the war to stop so that we can return to
our homes and live like Ordinary People
Israel's bombardment has left Gaza in
Ruins with 70% of the enclaves
infrastructure either damaged or
completely
destroyed the latest attacks have been
focused on Kanan yunas but not
everything has gone to plan for Israel
Hamas has put up stiff resistance and
more Israeli soldiers have been killed
in the fighting in Gaza than in any
conflict since the 1982 invasion of
Lebanon military losses are to be
expected but here civilians remain most
at
risk the UN has reiterated its warning
that Palestinians face a catastrophic
hunger crisis and almost half of the
population is at risk of
famine and Palestinian officials say
time is running
out the health Ministry warns of a
prospect of famine and the Hy duration
of more than 1.9 million displaced
people who lack proper accommodation
food water medicine and safety the
spread of disease is the next major
threat as the mass displacement of
people to the South leaves hundreds of
thousands without proper
sanitation I want to feed the girls and
their father is not here he used to
provide everything for them we are dying
of hunger poverty and everything there
is no shampoo to wash their hair look at
what's happened to them with in
because of thir and fil amina's husband
was arrested by Israeli forces at the
start of the conflict she hasn't heard
from him since but she believes he will
return and they will be able to rebuild
their
lives that's something many people in
Gaza are hoping for that the promise of
Peace Rises with the dawn of
2024 sh Hassan theti world