now over in the Middle East 17 trucks
carrying humanitarian Aid entered Gaza
from the Rafa Crossing marking the
second straight day medical food Medical
Aid food and water were sent into the
region is has
more a day after 20 trucks carried
Medical Aid food and water into Gaza on
Saturday another 17 trucks moved through
the Rafa Crossing with more humanitarian
aid for the second straight day Aid was
allowed into the Palestinian Enclave
during a short window as Israel
continued preparations for a ground
offensive despite the much needed Aid
flowing into Gaza over the weekend the
United Nations says about 100 trucks per
day are required to meet the needs of
gazin also while the trucks carried food
water and medical supplies the shipments
did not include much needed fuel
meanwhile with tensions Rising on the
Israel Lebanon border Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned
Hezbollah that it will be making the
biggest mistake of its life if it takes
part in the armed conflict his comments
came as he visited troops near Israel's
northern border with Lebanon where
increased artillery exchanges have been
seen sparking fears of a new front
opening operations in the region also
resulted in Shell fragments from an
Israeli tank hitting the Egyptian border
on Sunday leaving at least seven people
injured including several Egyptian
border guards the Israeli military said
the incident is being investigated and
expressed sorrow adding that it was
accidental also on Sunday Israel's
defense minister yuav Gallant said the
ongoing conflict with Hamas could take
months but stressed that it would be the
last against the militant group Israel
says that its air raides have been
targeting Hamas commanders and
infrastructure but gaza's Health
Ministry said Sunday that more than 4600
Palestinians have been killed including
1,873
children
news