so we're here at camp adagi in latvia
and here with me today to talk about the
exercises because there was a nato
exercise that just concluded today is
capital
tell me a little bit about what we saw
today on the fire uh today was a
whole mix of all the vehicles all the
weapons systems all the nation that are
participating in the mission right now
so we had the chance to see infantry
fighting vehicles main battle tanks
anti-tank weapons uh interact and direct
fire support we also had a danish fcc
f-16 fire jets
as well as american apache helicopters
so basically for us it was just
an opportunity to show our uh our
firepower and our interoperability
basically it is a yearly event of course
you know the eyes of the world are
focused of course on ukraine and looking
at the nato nations that are here and
and you know here in latvia as well how
does that change and what does it show
this firepower that you just showed in
light of the events in ukraine now yeah
well obviously our heart are all with
the ukraine right now for us the main
goal is to keep pushing in the same
direction our mission here is in latvia
and it's just to make sure that we're
ready for any scenario but right now no
change of posture for us we keep doing
what we're doing in order to stay ready
and be ready in the future and that's
what we tried to show you guys today one
of the things you you talked about was
the fact that it is this inter-ability
like the working together the different
nations working together and how quickly
do you can you go can you be ready to go
if something happens it's uh right now
we are good to go we just got out of a
two-week uh two-week exercise all
together on the same same battlefield so
we have our challenges with the
different equipments different radio
system different languages but at the
end of the day we make it work it's been
three months three months and a half now
that we're all working together in the
same rotation and we've used uh the
experience that the other rotations have
given us like in the past so i'd say we
are ready we will be ready uh but right
now the focus is here in latvia thank
you very much and and back to you we'll
have a bit more later today