Israel Hamas War now enters day 16 now
in order to prepare themselves for the
next stage of the war the Israeli troops
carried out live drills Israel has been
a massing tanks and troops near the
fence area near the Gaza Strip and also
is planning a ground Invasion with the
so aim to destroy Hamas in retaliation
to the attack that took place on the 7th
of
October now the attack that took place
had killed roughly 1400 Israeli People
Israel is now also continuing to abduct
air strikes on Gaza as first emergency
and trucks have now arrived so far close
to 4,000 Palestinians have been killed
in Israel's counter offensive as per the
Gaza Health Ministry according to the
Israeli Army it also carried out
strikes and are now also making sure
that there is no tension that takes
place at the Israel Lebanon border
Benjamin Netanyahu has now said that the
idea is of Victory will only come when
they eradicate Hamas
completely middle of a protest here in
Tel Aviv where all of these people are
asking for a full prisoner deal all of
the people here are extremely angry and
they're saying that the government here
has not been doing enough to bring the
hostages back many of the people here
are friends relatives classmates parents
uh siblings of those who've been
kidnapped they're all holding posters
and they're all calling for the Israeli
government to instantly to instantly act
and they believe some of them at least
believe that a seiz fire is the only way
to actually bring it up but one thing
binds all of them it's despair it's
anger and they're raising their voice in
the most visible central part of
Israel's capital
[Music]
T hi I'm AET I'm mean's aunt Dan is
missing since uh Saturday October 7th
and we haven't heard from him we we just
had a phone call to his F his girlfriend
on Saturday morning and since then we
don't know anything we want answers I
think the entire world needs to give us
answers