the Gaza strip's two border crossings
with Israel are closed as Israel
continues its air strikes in response to
hamas's October 7
attack this left the Rafa Crossing in
Gaza South as the only viable point for
people to get out and for humanitarian
supplies to go in but no
longer the Rafa Crossing is the
southernmost exit point from Gaza
connecting it to Egypt Sinai
Peninsula Egypt has restricted the
movement of people and goods at the
rough Crossing since Hamas took control
of Gaza in
2007 Rafa is where most Palestinians if
they're able get permission to exit Gaza
even then is extremely difficult they
must register weeks in advance and
rejections can come from either the
Palestinian or Egyptian authorities with
little warning or
explanation according to the United
Nations in August Egypt allowed
19,683 highest since July
2012 the operations at the Rafa Crossing
has been disrupted in the aftermath of
hamas's attack on Israel on October 9th
2 days after the Hamas attack Israel
ordered a Complete Siege of Gaza cutting
of electricity food water and fuel to
The Enclave after several Israeli
strikes near the Rafa border crossing on
October 9th and 10th Egypt closed the
passage then on Monday following reports
that the crossing will be temporarily re
open during a brief ceasefire thousands
of Gaza civilians rushed there however
Israel and Hamas denied such a ceasefire
agreement had been made there are
conflicting reports about why the Rafa
Crossing remains shut among them that it
is inoperable due to Israeli air strikes
on the Gaza site that Egypt wants
guarantees for the safety of their
border staff before it agrees to open
the passage and that Egypt appears to be
prepared to open the crossing to allow
foreign passport holders out and
humanitarian Aid in but it fears an
influx of Palestinian refugees fleeing
Gaza Egypt has also said Palestinians
need to remain in their Homeland to be
able to achieve their goal of having a
Palestinian State meanwhile lores
carrying Fuel and Aid remain on the
Egyptian side waiting for permission to
enter diplomatic negotiations are
underway to open the Rafa Crossing
before Israel's expected ground
offensive you can read more on the
Israel Hamas conflict in Gaza at
straitstimes.com