two of the Israeli government's senior
ministers pushing for the resettlement
of Palestinians from Gaza and for Jewish
settlers to return to The Enclave
security minister imamar Ben became the
latest Echo the calls made a day earlier
by Finance Minister bezalel
smotr we must promote a solution to
encourage the immigration of the
residents of Gaza this is a correct just
moral and Humane solution I call on the
Prime Minister and the new foreign
minister this is an opportunity to plan
an immigration
project the two far rights nationalist
politicians live in settlements in the
occupied West Bank considered illegal
under international law their words have
sparked condemnation from Israel's
allies including France and Germany as
well as the eu's foreign policy Chief
Joseph barell who said their words were
inflammatory and irresponsible perhaps
the strongest criticism of them all came
from Israel's closest partner the
us we have been clear consistent and
unequivocal that Gaza is Palestinian
land and will remain Palestinian land
with Hamas no longer in control of its
future and with no terrorist groups able
to threaten
Israel Israel evacuated around 8,500
people from 21 settlements when it
pulled out of Gaza in 2005 Ben
netanyahu's government has not suggested
it has any plans for voluntary
relocation of gazans or the return of
Jewish settlers forcibly removing a
population from its land is a violation
of human rights under the Geneva
Convention around 2.4 million people
live in Gaza around 85% of the
population has been internally displaced
since Israel's military operation began
neighboring Egypt meanwhile has been
adamant in its refusal to fully open up
its border to fleeing Palestinian I