according to the boss Israel is said to
be providing Ukraine with intelligence
to help them counter drones from Russia
the news comes as Palestinian Authority
president Mahmoud Abbas met with Russian
President Vladimir Putin this was their
first face-to-face meeting since
Russia's invasion of Ukraine our
correspondent Judy Cohen sent us this
report
according to a senior Ukrainian official
over 50 suicide drones have been shot
down by Ukrainian forces in the past
week
the shahis 136 uavs are actually Iranian
made and as well as providing Intel on
these a private Israeli company is
reportedly also helping Ukraine with
satellite imagery of Russian military
positions
meanwhile presidents Abbas and Putin met
on Thursday at an International
Conference in Kazakhstan a bus suggested
that the Palestinians don't trust
America to be an unbiased mediator in
any future negotiations to solve the
israeli-palestinian conflict
Calling America a great country he
nonetheless said he would prefer future
negotiations to be conducted within the
quartet which is made up of the uneu US
and Russia saying the Palestinians would
never accept the U.S as the only
mediator
Putin said his country's support of the
Palestinians is a matter of principle
president abbas's comments suggests a
growing frustration with the U.S who
appear to be prioritizing Global issues
other than israeli-palestinian peace
negotiations issues like the economic
downturn relations with China and the
war in Ukraine
many will be watching closely abas's
relationship with Putin even as the
relations between Israel and Russia
aren't as close as they once were with
tension over prime minister lapid's
criticism of the invasion of Ukraine and
Israel sending AIDS there Israel's
latest strategy appears to be to help
Ukraine defend its citizens through
providing intelligence while resisting
providing the country with weapons
that's because Israel is also trying to
preserve its relationship with Russia
which controls Syrian airspace and
Israel needs to coordinate with Russia
to prevent Iran from getting closer to
its border there it remains to be seen
how these latest reports will impact
relations going forwards this is Jody
Cohen for we on world as one
foreign