and shifting focus on continuous
coverage of the Israel Hamas war and
Battleground Gaza the tensions are
heating up on other fronts Israel has
indicated a shift to a less intense
phase of war in Gaza thef has confirm
that its forces will carry more targeted
operations focusing in Central and
Southern Gaza Strip Israeli Army says
its forces have uncovered hamas's
largest weapons production site so far
in Gaza
the RF says that the factory has been
discovered in burage a densely populated
civilian area in central Gaza it also
claims that it discovered underground
workshops which were allegedly used to
manufacture longrange missiles capable
of hitting Targets in Northern
[Music]
Israel
the ARF also released a video showing
ongoing combat in Gaza and the alleged
discovery of weapons and
canun and as the operations move to
Center and the South Israel says that
there are still terrorist operatives and
weapons in Northern Gaza but they do not
function within an organized military
framework
the ARF says it is operating in a
different way in that region meanwhile
Gaza continues to suffer massive
destruction there are drone footages of
the territory showing the extent of
damage there are countless buildings
that have been turned into Rubble gaza's
Health Ministry says that on Monday 249
Palestinians were killed and around 500
were wounded across the territory in the
last 24 hours on the other hand months
into the war Hamas is still able to fire
barrage of rockets towards Israel a Red
Alert warning was sounded in southern
Israel on Monday and explosions were
also
heard meanwhile Palestinian militant
group Islamic Jihad has released yet
another video of a hostage held in Gaza
pleading for release the video shows
47-year-old Israeli hostage elad katsir
who could be heard saying that he had
been close to dying Hamas and its Allied
group P have released such videos
multiple times of the hostages over 100
hostages are still held in Gaza who were
kidnapped during the deadly October 7th
attack on
Israel
[Music]