the Biden Administration is welcoming
Israel's agreement to allow daily 4-Hour
pauses in fighting in parts of Northern
Gaza the president calling it a step in
the right direction while acknowledging
frustrations taking a little longer than
I hope tens of thousands of Palestinian
civilians have fled the North through a
designated safe route much more needs to
be done uh to protect civilians and uh
to make sure that humanitarian
assistance reaches them it comes amid
growing outrage over new strikes on and
near hospitals in the Gaza Strip while
the details remain unclear the health
Ministry in Hamas run Gaza is blaming
Israel for a blast at alifa hospital
where thousands of civilians are
Sheltering Israeli officials say they
have evidence it was actually a misfire
from a militant group in Gaza Aid
organizations pointing to International
humanitarian law protecting hospitals
the different parties to the conflict uh
needs to ensure that these hospitals are
not put at the center of their fighting
as the Israeli military pushes its
Ground Forces deeper into the Gaza Strip
officials are defending their tactics
claiming that Hamas hides its
headquarters below alifa Hospital us
officials have not confirmed that if
Hamas uses hospitals as it does to
Shield its military infrastructure they
have lost their immunity and in doing so
Hamas has committed the war crime at the
same time the family of hostages taken
by Hamas in last month's brutal terror
attack are growing increasingly
desperate this man urging the Israeli
government to pay any price to bring
them
home in Washington Alice bar NBC
news we have seen demonstrations growing
across this country with supporters on
both sides of the conflict and now
us-based Jewish groups are preparing for
a March for Israel next Tuesday on the
National Mall here in Washington as many
as 60,000 people are expected to turn
out in Washington Alice bar NBC
News