something different is happening in
israel this week as the country
celebrates the festival of sukkot
temporary booths or tents are popping up
across the country jody cohen reports
from tonight between one to two million
people across israel will leave their
homes
for one week they will sleep and eat and
the children will play in temporary
booths all across the country
they're called sakot and most
religiously observant jews live in them
throughout the week-long festival of the
tabernacles
families decorate them and importantly
host others in
them from north to south jerusalem to
tel aviv surcot fairs are taking place
to help people prepare for the festival
so that families can build their own
cicot in their gardens on their
balconies or even in a car parking space
i visited one of hundreds of sukkot
fairs across the country where you can
see people are busy buying last minute
makeshift roofs walls and decorations
for the festival which starts on monday
night
the roofs must be made with natural
material like leaves or bamboo which
have been harvested from the ground and
they must be made in a way that they
only provide shelter from the sun not
the rain so the people dwelling in them
are subject to the elements
by living in what is basically a shaky
tense for the week of sukkot it's an
annual reminder for jews across the
world that life is fragile and
unpredictable it's a reminder to people
to appreciate what they have and to join
together in unity a reminder that the
world really is one
in israel as serious covert cases are
reportedly going up once again it's yet
another reminder to appreciate life
itself this is jody cohen from ranana
israel for we on world is one
[Music]
you