well the Hui Rebels have claimed one of
the most significant strikes since they
started mounting attacks at the ships in
the Red Sea now the Iran linked Rebels
have targeted two US ships in the Gulf
of Aden and they claim the hits were
accurate with the help of God Almighty
the naval forces of the yemeni Armed
Forces carried out two qualitative
military operations in which they
targeted two American ships in the of
Aden the first was C champion and the
other was the Navas for chuna the
targeting was carried out with a number
of appropriate Naval missiles and the
hits were accurate and direct thanks to
God now according to the rebel group in
one of the attacks missiles damaged a
bise flagged ship forcing the crew to
abandon the vessel The Vessel was said
to be traveling through the babal MIP
straight that connects the Red Sea and
the Gulf of Aiden while another ship
reportedly came twice under attack in
the Gulf of aen this recent attack
carried out by the rebel group has
brought the total number of attacks to
four only in the last 24 hours including
one targeting a British ship which
resulted in its complete sinking and one
targeting a US mq9 drone near the Red
Sea port city of Heda now although
according to reports the Pentagon is
still quote unquote investigating the
cause of a crash American Military
surveillance drone off the coast of
Yemen meanwhile the US military says it
is conducting new air strikes targeting
the rebels including one that targeted
the First houi underwater drone seen
since the rebels began launching attacks
on international shipping route in
November and amidst the ongoing crisis
in the Red Sea Egypt's President Abdul
fat Ali says the Su Canal which used to
earn about $10 billion a year has seen
its revenues drop by 40 to
50% the canal is one of the main sources
of foreign currency for Egypt which is
gripped by severe financial
crisis for all the latest news download
the weon app And subscribe to our
YouTube channel