chaos in AET Southern Lebanon after an
Israeli air
strike and here 20 km to the South
another massive strike the IDF targeting
what they say were Hezbollah military
Targets in response to Rocket attacks
from Lebanon into Northern Israel
casualties on both sides one Hezbollah
fighter one 20-year-old Israeli soldier
and in Lebanon a woman and her children
caught up and killed
to this is a dangerous fr which Israel
and Hezbollah keep probing tens of
thousands are already displaced and
concerns one push too many could trigger
fullscale
War we are in uniform as you are too
when you go home the job is to think
about readiness for war this is our
first task no one disagrees with us and
we are now focusing on being prepared
for war in the North in carun in Gaza
evacuation from the last place of Refuge
there the NASA Hospital
Hospital doctors who have displayed such
heroism throughout this war leading the
way and that takes
courage there has been intense fighting
all around the hospital for
weeks snipers claiming lives in the
hospital for court gruesome video of one
man hit and dragging himself through the
hospital doors medical workers tentative
about collecting him even there scared
to get too close in case they're
targeted
too the un's aid Chief telling Sky News
that Gaza was the worst humanitarian
disaster he'd ever seen it's not as if
the camarouge were not the horrors of
their day my in my
youth the reason I said that Gaza is in
my experience the worst is because
people can't
escape um they're blocked
in um they are they're not able to uh
run out of Gaza Israel's prime minister
though sticking firm to his Hardline
stance
it must be Hamas who compromise he says
not him and so the horrors continue the
displacement and the uncertainty the
fear of the long tomorrow before this
nightmare ends Dam magn Sky News
Jerusalem