the slow pace of Aid reaching Gaza is
worsening the humanitarian situation in
the city world leaders are struggling
with mediation efforts to remove hurdles
to the flow of assistance to Gaza now
Egypt's foreign ministri said that
Israeli truck inspection procedures were
slowing down the prompt delivery of Aid
to the Gaza Strip Egypt's Foreign
Affairs spokesperson wrote on social
media X and I quote Egypt has not and
will not spare any effort in
implementing humanitarian Aid to the
Gaza Strip the strict Israeli measures
hinder the flow of Aid to the people of
the strip
unquote meanwhile Indian Prime Minister
narandra Modi held a telephonic
conversation with Egyptian president
abdal fatal CI the two leaders discussed
the current situation in West Asia and
its implications for the region and the
world Prime Minister Modi reiterated
India's longstanding and principled
position on the Israel Palestine issue
he also highlighted India's development
partnership and humanitarian aid for the
people of
Palestine other nations are calling on
Israel to allow a humanitarian paes to
allow Aid to reach the civilians in Gaza
the United Arab Emirates which was the
first Gulf country to normalize
relations with Israel in 2020 condemned
the Israeli ground operations in the
Palestinian Gaza
Strip meanwhile Qatar mediated
negotiations between Israel and Hamas to
deescalate the fighting continued on
Saturday in the latest qatar's foreign
Ministry spokesperson was quoted By Us
Media saying that his country has no
intention to shut down the political
Bureau of Hamas in Doha after its 7 of
October attack Qatar argued that it has
been a critical channel of communication
for talks on the hostage release and for
efforts to deescalate the fighting
between Hamas and
Israel now the spokesperson Majed Al
Ansari said and I quote therefore as
long as this channel is useful in
creating peace we have to have it we
cannot afford to lose it he added during
this escalation it is the only way that
they are mediating the release of these
hostages and for them to get home to
their families meanwhile us Republican
presidential candidates including front
runner Donald Trump expressed unwavering
support for Israel wiping out
Palestinian Hamas
militants