Allah the first Friday of Ramadan passed
largely peacefully at the al- AA mosque
no major incidents were reported
although many were feared as the war on
Gaza continues Israeli Security Forces
surrounded the mosque compound forcibly
preventing some people from passing
through the gates into the old city
others didn't even get as f as that
turned away at checkpoints in the
occupied West Bank the extra requirement
of a permit one that's been difficult to
obtain October 7th stopped many people
from going further and in addition to
the permit and security clearance
attendance for people from the occupied
West Bank was limited to men over 55
women over 50 and children under
10 we had the entry permit but many
others didn't and at the checkpoint more
soldiers than
civilians there was a lot of harassment
and many people with the electronic IDs
weren't allowed to enter
many people were turned away even the
elderly they didn't have the permit the
farri national security minister it
bangir had tried to impose severe
limitations on Palestinian Israelis but
he was rebuffed by prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu and Israel's security
establishment with no fire agreed in
Gaza before Ramadan the mood in the old
city has been subdued with planned
festivities cancelled the Alexa mosque
is a third holiest site in Islam after
Mecca and Medina
when there's violence from Israeli
Security Forces it can sometimes inflame
tensions here in the occupied West Bank
and in other Muslim majority countries
but equally when worshippers are able to
access the site uninhibited to pray
peacefully it can also help ease
tensions Clare harot TI World in
occupied East
[Music]
Jerusalem