at the Nova Festival site in southern
Israel the families of Israeli hostages
have begun a long march towards
Jerusalem right and the Marchers hope
that the remaining 134 hostages are
brought back home soon their hopes are
further raised by talks of a ceasefire
of course the festival side that's near
the Gaza border this is where hundreds
of Israelis were killed and hundreds
more dragged away into Gaza back in
October
[Music]
145 endless days and nights of yearning
for our loved ones would send them
strength and ask them to hold a little
longer om just a little longer a deal is
possible starting today we will March
for 4 days under the message United for
the release of
hostages we call on the public on on our
families on our friends to join us on
this March of Hope from Gaza to
Jerusalem since us Egyptian and Kat
mediators met in Paris last weekend the
Israeli press has been talking of a deal
to pause the fighting but no document
yet has outlined the latest proposals
now speculation has only increased as US
President Joe Biden said in a that an
agreement might be in place as early as
Monday next week according to a Us
official the Biden Administration is
also considering airdropping aid from US
military planes into Gaza as land
deliveries become increasingly difficult
now this comes after UN agency said that
humanitarian organizations are being
systemically denied access to Gaza and
that Aid convoys are frequently come
under Fire meanwhile the plight of gazin
continues to mount getting worse by the
day about 20 bodies were brought to a
hospital in gaza's there Al Bala after
Israeli air strikes hit hit refugee
camps in central Gaza on the same day
Israel also struck Hezbollah Targets in
southern Lebanon the Israeli military
released a video showing the strikes on
Targets in Towns close to the Israeli
border this came after Hamas said it
launched two missile salvers from
Southern Lebanon into Northern
Israel and that's not all a mid soring
tension Syria's defense Ministry has
said that Israel carried out strikes
near Damascus the ministry added that
its air defenses responded to the
missiles in shot down most of them
earlier this week an Israeli strike in
Syria near the Lebanese border had
killed two Hezbollah
[Music]
members