amid the renewed talks for a potential
truce in the Israel Hamas War there are
reports of Discord between Israeli Prime
Minister benan nanahu and his defense
minister yav galand Israeli media
reports that Netanyahu has B galand from
holding talks with mad chief on hostage
release deal in his absence Reports say
at least twice Galan separately invited
mosad Chief David Bara to hold
one-on-one discussions which Netanyahu
disapproved of Galan sought to be
briefed up on B's recent secret trips to
Paris for hostage talks before Netanyahu
could get any updates this reportedly
angered the Israeli Prime Minister
Nathan had earlier stated that only the
war cabinet has the authority to decide
on the matter of hostages and those
missing on the latest reports there has
been no reaction from either nanahu or
Galant these reports come as talks have
picked up again on a potential Tru steal
negotiations are reportedly going on
between Israel and Hamas and Egyptian
and katari mediation for a possible
prisoner swap
deal according to Israeli media there
are still about
129 hostages believed to be held in
Gaza although not all are alive although
Netanyahu and Galant have pledged to
work together to fight Hamas there are
indications of other differences as well
between the two lead leaders as per
reports Galant has been pressing since
the War Began for the IDF to launch a
major campaign against Hezbollah and
Lebanon but Netanyahu has thwarted the
idea on the other hand a few weeks ago
the pair had held separate press
conferences minutes apart in the same
building in Tel Aviv Nathan had said
that Galan disregarded his suggestion
and had gone ahead with a separate press
conference
[Music]