today the White House said it's
preparing a major sanctions package over
the mysterious prison death of Putin's
fiercest critic here's Washington bureau
chief Joy
malvin is a dealer as outrage around the
world grows over Alexi Na's death US
President Joe Biden promising to punish
Russia targeting the kremlin's defense
Industries starving moscow's war machine
I told you we'll be announcing sanctions
on Russia we'll have a major package
announced on Friday
Biden holds Vladimir Putin responsible
for naval's killing naval's mother
traveling 2,000 miles to the Arctic
prison where her son was jailed in this
video begging and
pleading I'm asking you Vladimir Putin
give me his body she cries let me see my
son give him back so I can bury him
humanely told by the Kremlin nal's
remains won't be released for at least
two weeks while they investigate naval's
Widow Yul directly accused Putin of
poisoning her husband and keeping his
body to disguise the cause of death the
best way to punish Putin um including
for the death of Naval is by actually
getting this a package approved in
Congress and uh uh for the Europeans to
ratchet up their production of weapons
to send to Ukraine the pressure on
Congressional Republicans who refused to
authorize a military aid package for
Ukraine with Donald Trump leading the
charge president zilinski on the front
lines is running out of ammunition as
Russia gained control of a key Eastern
Ukrainian City now smoldering in Ruins
America's sanctions package Friday marks
the second anniversary of Russia's
invasion of Ukraine the European Union
and the G7 leaders also considering more
sanctions including targeting
individuals linked to naval's death Omar
all right Joy thanks