the talk at this beautiful Mediterranean
seaside resort doesn't match the
aesthetic I run and my husband went
slower and it was like it was raining
bumps last weekend M kety and her
husband found themselves hiding in a
shelter at their son's home on the
alumim kibutz right beside Gaza if I
would have known what was going on
outside I think I wouldn't have survived
it was like my mother survived the
Holocaust and my father also and my
sister also and they always told me that
they were they were
hiding they were hiding and no one was
looking after them no one was no one was
taking care of them no
one was
nothing and uh and I had the same
feeling there are now countless videos
showing people fleeing for their lives
from the area around the
kibuts the festival where where many
other videos were recorded took place
nearby after attacking people there The
Killers moved on to the communal living
location most of the images are so
appalling we need to blur
them for the survivors donations are
being collected roughly 400 people from
the alumim and the myth elim kots fled
with just the clothes on their backs and
everybody is helping for now this hotel
is home in the basement there are piles
of clothes and shoes and kids items even
a playroom for little ones but it is all
a thin cover over some deep pain I've
lost cous friends and also friends we
don't know where they
are if they're dead if they're in Gaza I
don't know Michael huller says people
talk and hug and they work he started
calling people to organize donations to
keep busy but he says what he really
wants is for Israel to be safe so he and
his family can go home Crystal ganing
Global News Nat Israel