Donald Trump denied one of the biggest
promises from his own election campaign
today the US President was in Texas
where he claimed he never said Mexico
would directly pay for his border wall
debate over that wall is behind this
government shutdown now in its 20th day
CTV's richard madden on what Trump said
then and what Trump is saying now
President Donald Trump using the
backdrop of the texas-mexico border
trying to create more urgency for his
border wall what they need more than
anything is the barrier the wall call it
whatever you want whether it's steel or
concrete you don't care we need a
barrier hours earlier Trump tried to
rewrite history on who would pay for it
and when I said Mexico will pay for the
wall in front of thousands and thousands
of people obviously they're not gonna
write a check but that's not what he
promised we're gonna build a wall
Mexico's gonna pay for the wall even
Trump's campaign platform said it's an
easy decision for Mexico make a one-time
payment of five to ten billion dollars
they'll pay in one form or another they
may even write us a check talks to
reopen the government have collapsed
Democrats questioned Trump's motives
because I don't think he really wants a
solution I think he loves the
distraction that this is from his other
problems all this is more than 800,000
federal workers won't get paid tomorrow
as the shutdown continues from
scientists to health inspectors
thousands marched in front of the White
House worried how they'll make ends meet
and it's still read do and everything
else is do you utilities and we can't
get it because the Trump want to act
like a little baby in the White House
because UK have is right but if we go
another to me
[Applause]
and if there's no deal by Saturday this
will become the longest shutdown in US
history
and tonight Trump is signaling it might
stretch for a while yet canceling his
trip to Davos ten days from now Lisa all
right interesting Richard Madden in
Washington tonight