now Israel's National Planning and
Building Council approves the advanced
plans of more than 3,500 new homes in
settlements in the occupied West Bank
the approval comes as a response to a
West Bank attack that happened nearly 2
weeks ago during the attack at least one
Israeli was killed and over 11 were
injured about 70% of the homes will be
built in Mal adumim east of Jerusalem
that is with the rest in nearby Kar and
Afra that's south of Beth
higher planning committee of the Civil
Administration approved Advanced plans
for the development with over
2,400 in Mal adumim at least 690 in
ephra and 330 in Kar now this is the
first time since June that the
development of housing units in the West
Bank have advanced however the
Palestinian Authority condemned them
Israel has built about 160 settlements
housing some 7 100,000 Jews since it
occupied the West Bank and East
Jerusalem in the
1967 Middle East
War the vast majority of the
International Community considers the
settlements illegal under international
law although Israel disputes it and
Israeli Prime Minister Benin Nan's
far-right government has promoted the
settlements causing friction with one of
the country's key allies the United
States who is also Tel aviv's biggest
backer in its own ongoing war with
Hamas now remember in February United
States Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin said that Washington deemed West
Bank settlements inconsistent with
international law reverting to a US
position that had been overturned by the
administration of former president
Donald Trump blinkin statement came
after us sanctioned four Israeli
settlers in the start of February then a
apart from America France to announce
sanctions against 28 Israeli settlers
whom it accused of committing human
rights abuses against Palestinian
civilians the United Kingdom also joined
the list and announced sanctions on four
Israeli settlers 2023 that was last year
was an exception in terms of promoting
construction plans in the West Bank over
12,000 housing units were approved or
advanced in the planning phase last year
peace now and Israeli non governmental
organization estimates that this is the
highest number since the signaling of
the Oslo
records