Sharon alone cuno along with her two
young twins spent a harrowing 52 days as
a Hamas hostage in the Gaza Strip and in
the first interview since her release
she told ruers her thoughts were now
with her husband David who is still held
captive three days before we were
released they separated David from us
they took him into a different hiding
place and since then I don't know what
is happening to him girls are torn I'm
torn he's been my partner for 10 years
he's my other half and the love of my
life he's the father of my girls who are
asking every day where's Daddy where's
Daddy I need to explain to them that he
is still
there alone cunia was one of 240 people
taken hostage on October 7th by Hamas
gunman who burst through the border with
Israel and killed 1200 people the
militants who attacked her kabut set
fire to our house and took her away at
gunpoint after she climbed out the
window she was taken across the border
with her husband David and one of their
twins their second daughter was held
separately in Gaza for 10 days before
they were reunited in
captivity every minute we're waiting is
like a Russian Roulette will they live
through the day or not and the
conditions are difficult conditions that
no one needs to live in especially not
children or adults without medicine we
saw that many have already lost their
lives in captivity so each moment is
critical and we need to do everything to
put the aim of releasing all hostages
prior to anything
else alone cunio said her group of
hostages were held above ground and
moved a few times but with memories
still raw and with her husband still
inside she declined to go into details a
7-Day truce sore more than 100 hostages
released the rest are still being held
as Israel bombards Gaza vowing to take
out Hamas according to local Health
authorities more than 18,000 people have
been killed in Gaza since the start of
fighting now back at home with her twin
three-year-olds Julian Emma aloney cunio
pleads for the remaining 137 hostages to
be freed there's a lot of families
without a father without a daughter
without a brother without a grandfather
grandmother
mother everyone had it's like 138
families there that needs to come back
now you have to do everything you can to
bring them back
now