at day 31 of the war here in Israel and
late last night an incredible story
broke regarding the fate of 8-year-old
Emily hand whose family originally from
Ireland shortly after the October the
7th attacks her father gave her an
emotional interviewed at to CNN in which
he said he was glad that his daughter
had been killed in the attacks because
in his eyes being held captive by her
Mass was a fate worse than death but it
has now emerged that Emily didn't die in
the attacks and is indeed being held
hostage by the terror group in a message
to Emily her older sister Natalie said
we are doing everything we can to get
you
home in Gaza last night saw some of the
most intense shelling since the ground
Invasion began 11 days ago Israel has
said that its aim is for the northern
part of the strip to be completely free
of civilians as the ground war continues
more than 1 million people have now fled
their homes but Israel is continuing
with its mass airdrop of leaflets
instructing people to move South IDF
troops have made it to the Mediterranean
Coast cutting the strip in twoo and
according to reports here in Israel IDF
troops will enter Gaza City in the next
48 hours most of the fighting over the
last few days has been here in Northern
Gaza this is where Hamas is focused and
this is where its stron holds are that's
what we've been attacking from various
locations and our troops are now around
City and attacking each and every Hamas
stronghold by a an orderly plan it's
advancing well it's tough fighting and
what makes it even more complex is that
we have to hold back and limit the use
of force because of civilians in the
area now that is why we've requested
civilians to go
south