it has been a week since hamas's
unprecedented multi-front attack on
Israel and since then leaders around the
world are reacting as prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu formerly declared war
on
Hamas now in the latest US President Joe
Biden said that he was making a priority
of urgently addressing the humanitarian
crisis in Gaza he added that the United
States was committed to return the
Americans who had been taken hostage in
the attacks on Israel by
Hamas this morning I spoke with the
family members of all those Americans
who are still unac counted for on a zoom
call for about an hour and a 10 15
minutes they're they're going through
Agony not knowing what the status of
their sons daughters husbands wives
children are you know it's gut-wrenching
I assured them my personal commitment to
do everything possible referring to
Hamas is pure evil the US president
underscored again that the United States
stands with Israel and said that his
teams are working in the West Asian
region trying to gather maximum
support the more we learned about the
attack the more horrifying it becomes
more than
1,000 1,000 innocent lives lost
including at least 27 Americans these
guys make
they they make Al-Qaeda look pure
they're pure they're pure evil I said
from the beginning the United States
make no mistake about it stands with
Israel following Us's footsteps Turkish
president re T erdan to emphasized on
the looming humanitarian crisis in Gaza
and said that Israel needed to allow Aid
into the Gaza Strip through Egypt's
rougher Crossing after the first plane
carrying Turkish Aid arrived in Egypt in
a speech in Istanbul erdogan said that
Tura will continue sending Aid to Gaza
in cooperation with Egypt and added that
Turkish authorities were in regular
contact to free hostages and find a
solution to the ongoing
crisis
foree foreign
spee urging an immediate ceasefire the
qari Prime Minister said that his
country's immediate priority in the
Israeli Hamas conflict was to protect
civilians release prisoners and work to
limit the expansion of violence vience
and conflict in the
region
[Music]