all right Israel is going to pose for
the fifth time in four years what lies
ahead of Tuesday's elections well will
it be the return of former prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu or can the
opposition cobble up enough seats to
keep him out of power we take a look at
the backdrop of these elections first of
all let's look at former prime minister
Netanyahu he was in power for 12
consecutive years till 2021.
in 2019 Netanyahu was indicted for
corruption on charges he denies now
in these upcoming pools his right-wing
liquid parties predicted to emerge as
the largest in Parliament but service
say he is not likely to get a sweeping
mandate Netanyahu has failed to keep a
hold on a coalition government in the
last four elections netanyahu's first
rival for the top spot is the current
prime minister here you Le Pete he is
party is second in the polls but his
party is not expected to win outright
and he has less allies than even
Netanyahu does then there is the defense
minister Benny Gans he hits the center
right National Unity party his party is
expected to Trail Nathan yahoos and
lepids in these polls but he is still
projecting himself as the next prime
minister of Israel opinion polls say the
smaller parties could end up as king
makers yet again one party that is of
interest is the far-right Jewish power
party it is headed by itamar Ben Giver
in 2017 bengiver was convicted of racist
incitement and support for a group on
both the Israeli and U.S blacklists as
terrorists
are expected to come third in these
elections then there are the Arabs in
Israel they form about a fifth of the
population but are underrepresented in
Parliament a high turnout could harm
netanyahu's chances the outgoing
government had a narrow part in the
ruling Coalition for the first time in
Israel's history Israel has faced
political turmoil for the last four
years Reports say voters today are less
concerned about security and diplomacy
they want a government that would
address
the rising cost of living crisis
netanyahu's opponents don't want someone
who they see as corrupt leading the
country they think he would use his
power to avoid conviction all these
factors are what is at stake in these
crucial elections
[Music]