shiv you know what it's not difficult to
see how there are other players
including Russia now that's getting
involved meeting the Hamas leadership uh
warning Israel is this an aspect of
Russia America war that it's a different
Battlefield a different game that's
being played out
shiv you know Russia has always had
geopolitical Stakes uh in West Asia uh
and obviously like like every other part
of the world West Asia is a Cold War
battlefield uh you know in the in in in
the purest sense the United States has
uh seen West Asia as part of its sphere
of influence uh you know especially with
countries like like Qatar and Saudi
Arabia Etc uh Russia has seen influence
as well with countries like Iran like uh
uh Iran um as also Syria uh so uh uh it
it is very true that this is playing out
to be a kind of Russia versus United
States Battlefield very much like what's
happening uh in Ukraine uh Russia
meeting the Hamas leadership uh is is
once again isn't surprising at all
remember that the Russian leadership uh
will pretend to be playing a mediatory
uh you know role even though it has
warned Israel against any aggression uh
in Gaza that aggression is already
happening and I think geopolitically
speaking uh like pretty much everything
that's happening in the world right now
this is going to be another canvas uh
for you know muscle flexing between uh
the two Earth while superpowers uh the
United States and Russia they still are
superpowers
but you know I mean that in the Cold War
context but uh it's going to be
interesting to see how it plays out I
think the the real question now is how
big this is going to get Beyond Israel
and Gaza uh if it gets bigger uh the
point is it could lead to a chain
reaction of events where a lot of
countries will have no choice but to get
involved starting with Iran then the
United States then Syria then Russia
China all of these factors even India
might have to at some point uh take a
stand uh you know uh if there are enough
high intensity geopolitical Rumblings so
that's the that's the real thing to look
out for hopefully it won't happen we'll
have to wait and see