much needed aid for those still trapped
by Israel's offensive against Gaza
provided byq as part of a deal between
Hamas and Israel two plane loads of
supplies were flown into Egypt with the
Hamas officials saying 1,000 boxes of
medicine are being provided for gazin
for every one box sent to hostages they
say the arrangement could be a stepping
stone to a formal Seas fire but that
Israel is not sincere in its
negotiations our proposal helps us have
an exchange for prisoners and hostages
that could be accepted by resistance and
the people it is clear there is stalling
by the Zionist entity in this topic and
it is clear that the Zionist War regime
wants to use this without actually
coming to a solution it just wants to
gain to further its
aggression Israel's bombs have almost
completely destroyed the Health Care
system in Gaza un officials who have
gone inside with the convoys say the
situation is dire every day we're trying
to play catchup with the 60,000 injuries
and the 200 plus new injuries that are
occurring every day in a health system
that is quickly losing its capacity so
what I what I would ask for of anybody
who has any ability to change this
Dynamic is one a cessation of
hostilities so that the injuries can
stop and the aid can reach the people
who need it the most um but short of
that improving access simplifying access
lack of medicines are not the only
problem Gaza is suffering its longest
Communications and internet blackout now
into a sixth consecutive day one of the
effects of such a blackout is the
increased difficulty it causes emergency
crews who can't be contacted for
assistance that determines the
difference between death and survival in
the aftermath of Israel's air strikes
and artillery bombardment like this
latest one near the Crossing in Rafa
they were sitting and out of the blue
they were bombed and marted my brother
and three of his children his wife's
relative were also there and they were
all marted and there were people
displaced from Gaza City around 17
people died this happened while they
slept they are innocent they are not
involved in anything they were all
martyred Israel's leadership is
apparently numb to this pain as it
pledges to continue to punish all those
inside Gaza sh Hassan trt world