Hamas had been planning and training for
the October the 7th attacks for months
but none of Israel's political or
military leaders stopped it
199 days later and the first senior
Israeli official has resigned over those
failures in May last year the head of
Israeli military intelligence had made
this
prediction since the guardian of the
walls operation we see that Hamas in
multiple areas is in search of some
peace and quiet for Gaza he was wrong
and not the only one in his resignation
letter General haliva said the
Intelligence Division under my command
did not live up to the task we were
entrusted with I carry that black day
with me ever
since Passover is the festival that
celebrates the freedom of Jews from
Egyptian slavery but tonight is R sat
down to a sedal and will think of the
132 hostages still being held in Gaza
he will be the funny guy the last time I
saw Ella benami was just before
Christmas almost four months on her
father Ohad is still a hostage and
negotiations have broken down tonight is
a very hard night because my father is
the one in the family who makes the
holidays
funnier do you still have faith in the
negotiation process in the military
campaign in the the politicians to lead
the country do you have
faith that there will be a breakthrough
if I'm not going to be faithful for them
I don't have anything because this is
what we have now we have this situation
and I need to be with faith to be
optimistic and to keep smiling from for
my
family in Gaza they know an Israeli
assault on Rafa is coming in places
where the IDF have withdrawn people have
returned to look for loved ones buried
in haste this makeshift graveyard was
dug outside of one of gaza's biggest
hospitals Netanyahu is running out of
options to get the remaining hostages
home if more military commanders resign
over October the 7th he might be running
out of time too aliser bungle Sky News
in Tel Aviv