un Security Council demands immediate
Gaza ceasefire after us has abstained
United Nations security Council adopted
a resolution demanding an iment
ceasefire between Israel and Hamas and
the release of all hostages after the
United States abstained from the vote
now the White House has said final
resolution did not have language the US
deems essential and the vote does not
represent a shift in policy Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has
said that the US failure to wo the
resolution is a clear Retreat from the
previous position would hurt War efforts
against Hamas as well as efforts to
release the Israeli hostages held in
Gaza following the UN vote Netanyahu
canceled a visit to Washington by a high
level delegation that was due to discuss
a planned Israeli military operation in
the southern Gaza City of
Rafer the UN Security Council resolution
that passed today uh from which the
United States abstained uh there were
issues where that we had concern issues
with which we had concerns related to
that resolution the fact that it did not
condemn hamas's terrorist attacks of
October 7th that's why we didn't uh vote
for it but the reason we didn't veto it
is because there were also things in
that uh resolution that were consistent
with our long-term uh position most
importantly that there should be a
ceasefire and that there should be a
release of hostages which is what we
understood also to be the governor of
Israel's position it is a historical day
for the
council for the first time
ever
we sponsored and uh the council
adopted uh the uh resolution on the
question of
Palestine we are happy that the council
has successfully adopted the much needed
resolution to demand the immediate
ceasefire in Gaza and the release of
hostages and
for