[Music]
well we're kallstrom has more on the
controversial bill passed by israel's
parliament
right-wing Israeli lawmakers work
exuberant about this bill they describe
it as a first step where it's possibly
annexing a large chunk of the occupied
West Bank which would obviously preclude
any chance of creating a Palestinian
state the vote in the Knesset on Monday
night largely fell belong party lines we
heard from opposition lawmakers warning
that this would lead to war crimes
prosecutions Isaac Herzog the opposition
leader in fact sayings would end with
Israeli politicians hauled before the
International Criminal Court at The
Hague this law likely to face an
immediate challenge in Israeli course
we've already heard from the Attorney
General who is said he thinks it's
probably unconstitutional he's going to
have a very hard time defending it if it
is taken to court so there is a chance
this bill may be struck down before it
really takes effect in Israel of course
it will be a topic of conversation next
week when Prime Minister Netanyahu flies
to Washington to meet with President
Trump in the White House this is a bill
that has met with widespread
condemnation from the international
community last year in December when it
passed the first reading in the Knesset
it was condemned by the US the EU the UN
just about every world body in foreign
country but the White House last night
when asked to comment on the Knesset
vote declined to comment it said we're
going to withhold judgment on this bill
until president Trump has had a chance
to meet with Prime Minister Netanyahu so
certainly a sign that there is a new era
in us-israeli relations with a change
power in Washington
[Music]