[Music]
you
thank
you
[Music]
we need to focus now on stopping this
war so Arab leaders publicly pressed US
Secretary of State an blinkin on
Saturday to secure an immediate
ceasefire in Gaza but in a rare open
display of disagreement the top us
Diplomat pushed back it's our view that
uh a ceasefire now would simply leave
Hamas in place able to regroup and
repeat what it did on October 7th
blinkin met the Saudi qari Emira
Egyptian and Jordanian foreign ministers
in Aman he said all were agreed on the
Need For Peace blinkin who met with
Israeli president Benjamin Netanyahu a
day earlier said Israel quote must take
every possible measure to prevent
civilian casualties protecting civilians
will help prevent Hamas from further
exploiting the
situation but most important it's simply
the right and moral thing to do earlier
on Saturday Palestinian Witnesses said
Israel hit a un run School in jabalia
Gaza which was serving as a shelter the
Israeli military said that according to
a preliminary inquiry it had not
targeted the location but that the
strike may have been the result of fire
aimed at another
Target Israel's defense minister said
its forces had destroyed communication
hubs bunkers and tunnel networks over
the past two days and that 12 Hamas
commanders had been killed since the
start of the war world and Regional
Powers have failed to reach any
consensus on how to deal deal with the
escalating conflict in the four weeks
since fighters from Hamas which runs the
Gaza Strip burst over the Border killing
1400 people and taking more than 240
others hostage Israel has since struck
Gaza from the air imposed a Siege and
launched a ground assault stirring
Global alarm at humanitarian conditions
in The Enclave Gaza Health official said
on Saturday killing more than
9,488
Palestinians
play
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
yes
[Music]
on