and while world leaders have called for
a thorough probe into what caused the
explosion at the Al Ali Hospital which
killed hundreds the blast Drew
condemnation from across the Arab world
there were huge protests against the
attack in many countries in West Asia uh
they also condemned the Israeli air
strikes that have killed several unarmed
and defens defenseless people in Jordan
thousands of angry protesters clashed
with the security forces in an area
around the Israeli Embassy expressing
their anger against the deadly
attack in Lebanon over 100 protesters
gathered near the US Embassy in aqua
carrying Palestinian Flags to show their
support uh with the victims of the
hospital
attack
we're here to to let the Arab people
wake
up free Palestine uh
Israel okay so it's time to wake up
please in the West Bank Palestinian
security forces in ramala fired tear gas
and clopped grenades to disperse the
protesters the protesters through rocks
Enchanted against the president of
palestin mmud abas this as popular anger
filled or spilled over over the Gaza
deadly
attack in Yemen's Capital Sana hundreds
of demonstrators took to the streets as
they protested against the attack as
well on the Gaza Hospital showing their
support for the victims of the
attack
demonstrators also gathered in Bagdad U
near a bridge that connects the heavily
fortified green zone which is the base
of the most government and foreign
embassies in ter Square the main protest
area in central Bagdad and tiad police
had to contain the
crowds thousands of demonstrators also
protested in front of the Parliament
building in Morocco to show their
support for the Palestinian
CA
for
thousands of protesters gathered in
front of the Israeli culate inan
protesting against the attack the
Turkish forces were seen using pepper
spray and water cannons to disperse the
crowds protesters also rallied outside
the French Embassy in Tunis to support
the Palestinian cause and ask for
accountability from leaders uh and ask
for the expulsion of French and US
[Applause]
ambassadors
[Music]
for