India has always underlined the need for
civilian casualties to be avoided for
humanitarian law to be observed and of
course to encourage any efforts uh to
provide humanitarian relief to those
caught in the
[Music]
conflict
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
this is not about one specific facility
this is the issue is not about one uh
facility or specific facility India has
always underlined the need for civilian
casualties to be avoided for
humanitarian law to be observed and of
course to encourage any efforts uh to
provide humanitarian relief to those
caught in the conflict
uh we have also on a larger issue talked
about um efforts to deescalate the
situation deliv deliver humanitarian
assistance Our concern at the
humanitarian increasing civilian toll um
we had also talked about uh how India
had sent uh I think 38 tons of
humanitarian relief material we are
looking to send more
assistance um we are also condemned
strongly the horrific terrorist attack
on October 7th and our zero tolerance
for terrorism M and the need for
immediate and unconditional release of
the hostages so yes I would I would
retra as I said our perspective on
anything that can help the humanitarian
assistance but again I am sure like in
all high level interactions each
participant will share their own
perspective their own concerns their own
thoughts and if um the situation in
Israel and Palestine uh does come up
they anybody free to do so as
regards um whether we are encouraging of
course we are as he said we would like
to see and we welcomed efforts U
deescalation humanitarian assistance
been going there um and we have also
called for a two-state solution as you
know resumption of direct negotiations
towards that and of course as as a
long-term solution so I think our
position on that is very clear but the
objective of Tomorrow of course is more
of how to hear from countries of the
global
[Music]
South
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]