Israel's prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has discussed the rift in his
relationship with US President Joe Biden
the growing tension between the Allies
comes as Israel prepares for a final
assault on the southern city of Rafa
where millions of Palestinians have fled
to as the fighting continues in Northern
and Central Gaza the rift between
President Biden and Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu appears to
be deepening on Tuesday Netanyahu
briefed his cabinet on his discussion
with the president using the word
argument for the first time and focusing
on the upcoming offensive against the
remaining Hamas elements in the southern
city of Rafa where millions of
Palestinians have fled since the start
of the war we have an argument with the
Americans about the need to enter Rafa
we see no way to eliminate Hamas
militarily without destroying these
remaining battalions diplomats were
hoping a new ceasefire deal would
prevent a large scale offensive in the
city and negotiators are still holding
talks in Qatar but there's been little
progress reported so far other than the
fact that both sides are still at the
table we are cautiously optimistic
because the talks have resumed and that
is a good thing and we hope that that
continues and we hope to build upon uh
that in the coming uh days but time is
running out on Tuesday the UN issued its
strongest warning yet that Northern and
Central Gaza are on the brink of famine
saying Israel must allow more Aid into
the conflict Zone and failing to do so
could be considered a quote War crime
the clock is ticking everyone especially
those with with influence must insist
that Israel acts an Israeli delegation
is traveling to the White House to brief
Administration officials on plans to
protect civilians in Rafa