top American Diplomat Anthony blinkin
concluded his visit to tokia that marked
his last stop in West Asia before
heading to Asia he stressed
again that a humanitarian
pause would work positively towards safe
release of the hostages in toia blink
met several Turkish officials he was
welcomed by Turkish for
Minister it was blink blink's first
visit to tokia after hamas's attack on
October 7 earlier Turkish president reib
T Edan had criticized Israel's offensive
in Gaza he described the Israeli air
strikes as crimes against humanity he
also suspended Communications with
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu Edan Unleashed a scathing
attack at Israel and his Western
supporters he accused Western powers of
shedding tears over the death of
civilians in Ukraine and turning a blind
eye on the death of Palestinian
civilians in Gaza hours before blink's
arrival hundreds of protesters marched
to an air base that houses US forces
into Kia apart from the war between
Israel and Gaza Ankara is upset that US
Congress is holding up the approval of a
deal of F16 jets to modernize toa's Air
Force before arriving in toia blinken
had visited Jordan where he held talks
with Egyptian Jordanian Saudi Arabian
Qatari and emirati diplomats and a
senior Palestinian official after the
talks blinkin stood side by side at a
line of podiums with his counterparts
from Jordan and Egypt to discuss what he
said was their shared desire to protect
civilians in Gaza and improve Aid flaws
to the besieged territory but a clear
point of division emerged on the
question of a possible ceasefire the
Jordanian and Egyptian foreign ministers
urged an immediate ceasefire between
Israel and
Hamas weon is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the
move