[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
up
[Music]
up we done
[Music]
there
[Music]
e
[Music]
for
[Music]
[Music]
spe
[Music]
we have urged Israel to take every step
to avoid civilian casualties and this
just points to how challenging Israel's
military operation is because Hamas has
intentionally embedded themselves into
into civilian infrastructure into these
hospital and so uh and so we've been
very clear as as it relates to the
footage as it relates to the photos and
reportings we have not verified that fo
footage we're we're going to we're
reaching out uh to the Israeli uh
government to get more information but
obviously if these reports are true that
is indeed deeply
[Music]
concerning
[Music]
moving on to the situation at the shifa
hospital I believe that the terrorist
takeover of shifa and the subsequent
Special Forces operation to clear the
hospital of terrorists will be studied
by f fut generations of military
strategists at West Point and Sandhurst
as the gold standard for urban
Warfare the Prime Minister confirmed and
I
quote our forces operated there in exe
in an exemplary fashion shifa has become
a main terrorism Command Center for
Hamas the surprise action by our forces
was precise and
Surgical
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
for
spe
for
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
let
[Music]
[Music]
for
[Music]
someone who volunteered in Australia to
help people during the bush fights this
is someone who was volunteering overseas
to provide Aid through this charity for
people who are suffering a tremendous
deprivation in Gaza and uh this is just
uh completely uh unacceptable Australia
expects full account ability for the
deaths of Aid workers uh which is
completely
unacceptable uh Aid workers and those
doing humanitarian work and indeed all
innocent civilians need to be provided
with protection Australia has had a very
clear position of supporting a
sustainable ceasefire of calling for it
for some period of time of calling for
humanitarian Aid to go to the people of
Gaza who are suffering uh from this
deprivation uh to make sure that
hostages are released as
[Music]
well
[Music]