[Music]
this time there was a change in tactics
some Palestinians crafted homemade
slingshots others feared rubber tires
and on pickup trucks to the border fence
separating Israel in the Gaza Strip
these tires you are seeing when it bring
it for a while anything we bought it to
protect ourself from the Israeli snipers
the burning tires created a wall of
black smoke which Palestinian protesters
hoped would obscure the vision of
Israeli snipers who shot dead
Palestinians at last Friday's
demonstration but it didn't Israeli
forces fired tear gas water cannon and
even shot some protesters and the
league's this is the second week
Palestinians have gathered at the border
fence as part of a six week long series
of rallies they're building up to a
crucial date May 15th the creation of
the Israel state the day Palestinians
call the neck bar or catastrophe
we will never give up on any of our
inalienable rights the second
inalienable right is the land no one
here is talking about the 1967 borders
no one hears talking except about
Palestine all of Palestine after last
Friday's violence medics and ambulances
were on standby Israel has been
condemned for its use of live ammunition
against Palestinians and the UN had
called on its soldiers to use restraint
but it warn't it would take a
zero-tolerance approach to border
threats and condemned Hamas as offer to
compensate protesters if they receive
any injuries this is a travesty for the
Palestinian people that the Hamas and
government is
encouraging its people to attack Israel
is encouraging its people to commit acts
of violence and encouraging them to
actually storm into Israel to try to
destroy Israel and kill as many people
as possible it's outrageous and it needs
to stop now land a and the neck bar are
often commemorated but after Donald
Trump declared Jerusalem the capital of
Israel these commemorations have taken
on new significance and activists say
any hope of a peaceful resolution to the
Israel still in dispute has now been
overtaken by frustration Caitlin McGee
TRT world
[Music]