so we know that your country has
promised a sustained and a long-drawn
campaign but help us understand how will
Israel define success in this case will
it just be putting an end to terrorism
by Hamas something that you mentioned
right now or also taking control of
Gaza well as I said we know what our
targets are and uh until they are
accomplished we'll do whatever it
takes ER it might be this kind of other
kind of controlling this the area the
population what we need to understand
and people in the world should
understand that Hamas is not the
Palestinian people the Palestinian
people in Gaza are a hostage they are
hostages of this Hamas organization exe
organization that is holding them with
power and using them as human Shields to
defend himself and his ideology is cruel
ideology this is a very cruel uh
fundamentalistic
organization uh when we saw the Deeds of
Isis we thought this is how far as you
know the cruel Humanity can get but then
we see that Hamas is even exceeding that
the cruelty the malicious things that
they are doing what they're
doing to to civilians to children to
women murdering and then abusing bodies
raping uh decapitating uh people and you
know tying children together all family
together and then shooting them one by
one so everyone can see burning them
alive ER whole families burned
alive and we see them laughing so this
cruelty this is something that the world
on the sense should not exist this is
not Humanity this is something that we
cannot really understand where how we
get to this situ but is based in it's
coming from some Ideology Now we are
seeing those you know terrorists that
were killed and we see what they had in
in their pockets what the ideology what
are the instructions that they had how
to kill and how to
abuse in what way and they came with so
much evil so much cruelty so we
understand that this is something that
should be
eliminated uh for the world and as I
should stress this is not a war between
Israel and this extremist organization
this is a war between the free world and
the fundamentalistic world that is
trying to change the order of the Free
World this is what we are facing now and
this is what Israel is fighting now so
Israel is now in the front but the whole
world the Free World is fighting for its
principles and values