tragedy struck as an anti-tank missile
allegedly fired by Hezbollah from
Lebanon struck Northern Israel on 4th of
March reports confirmed that an Indian
national lost his life in the attack
while two others sustained injuries the
Israeli Embassy in New Delhi condemned
the attack describing it as a cardly
terror attack on the peaceful
agricultural workers who were
cultivating an orchard in the northern
Village of margalot but why were these
Indian workers in Israel in the first
place
Israel has long grappled with her
shortage of Labor particularly for Blue
Collar Manu jobs traditionally
Palestinians fill this Gap however
following the security concerns and
subsequent measures taken by Israel
including the suspension of work permits
post the October 7 Hamas attack many
foreign workers left the country to
address this shortage Israel began
offering visas for employment in
construction and agriculture sectors in
November 202 3 around 800 Indians
primarily from Kerala Tamil Nadu
telengana and utar Pradesh seized this
opportunity and moved to Israel to work
in the agricultural sector unfortunately
tragedy struck one of these workers
31-year-old patab in Maxwell along with
two others all from Kerala who ventured
to Israel for Plantation work
recruitment in the sector has since been
paused due to lean agricultural season
despite this setback recruitment for
other jobs continues with thousands of
Indians seeking employment opportunities
in Israel it's worth noting that Indian
workers in Israel are not a recent
phenomena even before the conflict
approximately 18,000 Indians were
working in the country with a
significant number employed as
Caregivers for elderly Israelis however
the nature of these jobs differs
significantly while caregiving offers
relative safety within highly protected
Israeli cities agricultural workers
often labor near the Lebanon border
facing constant threats from crossb
attacks