the US and UK militaries say they've
shot down a series of drones and
missiles in the Red Sea us Central
Command says 18 drones were launched as
well as two cruise missiles and one
ballistic missile let's get the latest
from Heidi Jo Castro who's in Washington
DC for us Heidi this is being described
as one of the largest houthi attacks to
take place in the Red Sea in recent
months what more are you hearing about
it that's our Folly more details from us
Central Command that described it as a
complex attack this barrage of object
objec tiles and drones were launched
from Yemen toward international shipping
lanes as dozens of merchant ships were
traversing through the southern Red Sea
us and UK fighter jets responded
according to the Pentagon and they
worked in tandem shooting down 18 drones
two cruise missiles and one ballistic
missile there was no reported damage or
injuries as a result of these attacks
and the response here part of that Naval
Coalition that now counts 20 Nations as
participants led by the US that was
formed back in December in response to
this escalation uh from the ranian
backed houthis uh that have continued as
we've seen this now to be the 26th such
attack since November 19th yeah and and
the launch coming Heidi as Secretary of
State Anthony blinkin is in the Middle
East in an attempt to contain this war
on Gaza and prevent a regional
escalation absolutely and even as we've
seen uh different us officials travel to
the region always with that same message
warning from Regional escalation this
happens and even as uh blinken's
presence is there in the Middle East
which makes this attack more Brazen so
what response has there been from the US
to this well a repetition in fact they
quoted uh a a previous statement by 14
Coalition countries including the US
again telling the houthis quote that
they will bear the responsibility for
the qu consequences should they continue
to threaten lives the global economy or
the free flow of Commerce in the
Region's critical waterways so what more
will result besides these words we're
not sure we know that this Coalition
continues to shoot down attacks from
houthis as far as whether it will
escalate further to be in the houth
hands Heidi thank you for the update
Heidi's your Castro life for us there in
Washington DC