so there's kosikov rifles here Israel's
military says its troops have found
weapons equipment and an operational
Hamas Command Center hidden inside the
alifa hospital complex in Gaza this
video 7 minutes long in total is said to
show some of what it uncovered in raid
it's a development that caps days of
Siege at the facility an alarm from
world powers over the fate of the many
civilians inside we're now as you can
see in an MRI room Reuters has verified
the location of the video the Israeli
military says there was no fighting or
friction with civilians during the raid
and that it delivered vital humanitarian
supplies it's long accused Hamas of
hiding a Command Center in tunnels
beneath al-shifa which the US government
says matches its own intelligence Hamas
is dismissing the statements as lies and
propaganda the god a a health Ministry
released this footage it says shows
chaotic scenes of Medics trying to
evacuate patients through the smoke
Witnesses Reuters spoke with said the
situation was tense but calm that there
was sporadic gunfire heard but no
reports of injuries Dr Ahmed El mokal
laati was inside the hospital as it
happened speaking by phone it is
continuous shooting and firing outside
the hospital or inside we didn't know
exactly what like within the area the
tanks are continuously moving within the
hospital area again today with the the
whole hospital is totally like let me
say in a way handicapped like no one is
operating the humanitarian supplies that
Israel says were delivered include baby
food and incubators the Gaza Health
Ministry said earlier this week that
many patients had died as a result of
the siege and lack of electricity
including several
newborns
a