who arms the Israeli
military Jordan Israel to Europe it's a
matter of billions of dollars and all we
see are explosions the killing of
civilians and the bombing of their homes
the US is not the only country arming
Israel European countries are some of
the main suppliers of Israel's military
systems and
Equipment the largest European supplier
of weapons to Israel is Germany which
provided Israel with 24% of its imported
arms between 2009 and
2020 next is Italy from which Israel
secured
5.9% of its arms Imports between 1998
and 2020 we are different from those
terrorists the government of the United
Kingdom regularly approves the export of
military equipment and weapons to Israel
from 2015 to 2020 it approved a
provision of more than $500 million
worth of military equipment with the
actual export value estimated to be
significantly higher so can the Prime
Minister look me in the eye and tell me
that British made weapons or components
weren't used in the war crimes that
killed these three children and hundreds
of other Palestinians although these
European countries significantly armed
the Israeli Army the US is still its
largest supplier since 1946 Washington
has donated a total of
$124 billion in military assistance to
Israel it is the best three billion
dollar investment we
make were there not in Israel the United
States of America would have to invent
an Israel billions of those dollars
could be used for much more beneficial
purposes each year over 4 400,000 homes
could be built free health care could be
provided to millions of children the
depth of 100,000 students could be paid
off and much more instead of creating a
better future for all this money is
still used to kill innocent civilians
and to bomb thousands of homes