this is not the first time we've had a
threat but the previous threat was never
on this level it's terrifying absolutely
knowing that your seven-year-old has
been threatened to be bombed in in a
location such as
[Music]
UK Apex has been uh established since
2005 it's an independent Islamic school
we have from Nursery to yes6 so roughly
about 120 children we came in on that
day it was Thursday 7th of December the
administrator got the post there was
three letters there she opened it she
was shocked by the
[Music]
content so my son didn't come to school
on the Friday and I asked him are you
comfortable to go into school on Monday
he said you know Mom I'm scared but I'm
brave as well and and what our faith
teaches us is whatever happens will
happen um we just have to be safe and
protect ourselves and protect others
around us we contacted the police and I
guess we asked them their advice
ultimately I think their advice is you
as a school need to decide what you want
to do how to sort of Safeguard your
community it's never easy to handle it's
really distressing he's my youngest he's
a little baby of the family so sending
him to school is worrying thinking it
fits you know the threats come through
how easy is it for somebody to actually
do something but you know what we
believe in K of Allah We Believe In Our
God and we believe that we will be
protected and what will happen will
happen after we had this incident when
people heard about it and everything
else I mean we've got had so much
immense support and I'm really grateful
for that islamophobia has definitely
increased and the thing is that every
time and we found this so this is not
about politics for me for me it's about
the children I think when unjust happens
when incidents such as this come to
light it unites the community you've
seen we've seen what's happening in
Palestine how has that United people who
have ethics people with a humanitarian
you know morals and strong ways of
working like you we've seen across the
world how how people have united we want
to send a message that we're strong
we're United and things like this will
unite us even more certainly in this
case there's direct correlation to
what's happening in Palestine until
things stop over there I can't see how
anything will change over here and it's
impacting
us