the Civilized world the West doesn't
have the stomach for the fight does it
that it was so strongly in support of
Israel immediately after these horrific
as you said near genocidal attacks but
that it doesn't like the fact that war
is a messy unpleasant brutal business
and that to win a war you have to use
the means of war and so as Israel's done
that support for Israel has reduced not
just in the United States but in Western
countries I think there's an awful lot
to what you say Sir Jacob I mean the
fact that this war has gone on for four
months frankly as somebody who worked in
uh uh the US government for almost 20
years went through the 2000 2006 war
with Hezbollah during the the bush 43
Administration uh that War lasted I
think all of 34 days that we gave Israel
before the the pressure globally
internationally domestically to try and
impose a ceasefire to end the fighting
to end the images on our TV sets just
became overwhelming the fact that we've
allowed this to go on for four months uh
frankly I found surprising I'm very glad
and heartened by it and obviously the
scale and scope of just how awful the
massacres and atrocities are of s play
into that but I I do agree with you that
we are now um through a combination of
international pressures and domestic
pressures that different players are
feeling including here in the United
States uh we're now uh uh putting this
kind of pressure on Israel and I My Hope
Is that Israel knows what it needs to do
I think the Israeli people are unified
that that they cannot allow Hamas to
continue to exist on that border if the
if Israel and the Zionist promise and
Enterprise are are to be Vindicated and
to carry through uh they've got to to to
see this war through to the
end