and while the kingdom fully recognizes
the need for Israel to feel safe it
cannot be at the expense of the
Palestinian
[Music]
people
thank you for having us today I think
the most important thing to realize is
the kingdom has not put normalization at
the heart of its policy it's put peace
and prosperity at the heart of its
policy so that looks at resolving the
the finite cause of the Palestinian
people who deserve a state they deserve
sovereignty they deserve a pathway that
is irrevocable to their situation today
you're talking about 30,000 people who
have died let's talk about those who are
living the children who are limbs are
amputated the people who are hiding in
churches that is not okay in any society
to have sewage running around this is
not a solution
to peace this is not a solution to
sovereignty it's also not a path to
safety and while the kingdom fully
recognizes the need for Israel to feel
safe it cannot be at the expense of the
Palestinian people so in our plight in
our journey over the past and not since
October 7th as horrible and vile and
disgusting as what happened that day was
we have to go to the root cause of the
instability in the region 75 years of
occupation those 75 years led to a
plethora and an outroar and a spilling
of violence across our region to your
point it's not complicated the solution
is obvious and the solution is now and
the solution is a two-state solution the
kingdom since the time of King Fahad has
pushed forward with that policy since
the Arab proposal of Peace we've pushed
with King Abdullah for that policy and
you heard the Crown Prince say in his
own voice we've never been closer than
we were before but today cooler heads
must Prevail there's trauma and pain on
both sides I can't take that back but
what we can do is cease fire now because
how many more children need to die how
many more limbs need to be lost how many
more parents need to lose their
livelihood it can't happen anymore and
the kingdom has condemned violence on
both sides we do not condemn civilian
violence in any capacity it doesn't
matter in which country which people
which Faith at the end of the day we are
human beings and human beings today must
say cease fire
[Music]
now