first following on from Monday's air
strike on the Iranian Embassy in the
Syrian Capital Iran has vowed to
retaliate two generals and five military
advisers were killed in that attack
which is widely believed to have been
carried out by Israel well these events
threaten to further inflame tensions in
the region and with this in mind the
Israeli military has canceled leave for
all combat units one former Israeli
intelligence Chief says that tan might
choose this Friday to carry out some
sort of a Revenge attack for what
happened in Damascus France 24's Emerald
Maxwell tells us
more the bodies of seven members of the
Iranian revolutionary guards carried by
crowds of mourners after arriving in tan
from Damascus where they were killed in
a presumed Israeli air strike on an
Iranian
consulate earlier the Syrian regime paid
tribute to the 16 victims which included
two Iranian Brigadier generals and two
civilians the attack is one of the most
significant yet on Iranian interests
since October 7th and comes as Israel
accelerates its campaign against Iran
and the armed groups it backs Iranian
State media said the gods's funeral will
take place on Friday when Iranians also
plan to march in support of Palestinians
and against Israel in tan both the
Iranian president and the supreme leader
of Iran vowed the attack wouldn't go
unpunished the failure of the Israeli
regime in Gaza will continue as well as
these desperate efforts like what they
did in Syria of course they will be
slapped for this
action a threat that Israel is taking
seriously the Army has announced that
leave will be temporarily paused for all
combat units it has also bolstered its
air defense array called up reservists
and expanded GPS jamming in an apparent
effort to ward off guided missiles till
now Iran has avoided carrying out a
direct attack on his R
soil