just after Nightfall police move in
around New York University to disperse
dozens of pro Palestinian demonstrators
who failed to vacate a city plaza both
students and faculty members were
[Applause]
arrested earlier teachers at New York's
Columbia University demanded the release
of students arrested after protests
there he demand that all Barner college
and Columbia University suspensions and
charge
be dismissed
immediately last we demand that no
disciplinary action be taken against any
student protesters without due process
it comes hours after the University
president decided to cancel in-person
classes hoping to deescalate Rising
tensions after police cracked down on
protests last week but the heavy-handed
approach is only inflaming emotions the
president's
decision to send riot police to pick up
peaceful
protesters on our
campus was
unprecedented
unjustified
disproportionate
divisive and
dangerous demonstrations across us
colleges have been prevalent since the
war on Gaza began but the latest
protests at Colombia also urged the
university to divest from companies
linked to Israel
and that's gained support from both
Palestinian and Jewish student
groups it's a message spreading across
universities in other states we want
Emerson College number one call for an
immediate ceasefire in Gaza number two
to disclose all financial investments in
Zionist organizations number three to
divest from those organizations this is
whats on Monday dozens of demonstrators
blocking traffic at Yale University were
taken into custody the university cited
security concerns but student protesters
say colleges are stifling their right to
freedom of speech Leon Lani trt World
Washington