the pressure of breaking news and
tracking developments in real time takes
a huge toll on journalists in the war
zone but the Israel Hamas conflict has
been the worst so far claiming the
highest number of journalist lives than
any other
conflict according to the committee to
protect journalists at least 23
journalists have died in the first two
weeks of the hamus Israel war that is
more than 15 journalists killed in
Ukraine between 2022 and
2023 this according to the cjp
data 19 of the 23 killed are Palestinian
journalists three are Israeli and one
Lebanese eight journalists were injured
and three journalists are missing or
detained many of the journalists killed
are photojournalists or videographers
international human rights law
considered as journalists as civilians
who should not be directly targeted in
attacks press Freedom Advocate Advocates
are calling on Israel and other parties
to end military practices that impact
civilian lives including
journalists protests are being organized
across the world in support of
Palestinians on a daily basis the UK to
witnessed around 100,000 protesters on
the streets a video surfaced online
showing a man chanting Jihad and now
Home Secretary soel bravman questions
the police over their forces decision to
not arrest Pro Palestine protesters for
calling Jihad against Israel video
surfaced online over the weekend but the
force posted on social media to say
specialist counterterrorism officers had
not identified any offenses arising from
the clip the meeting between Braven and
the Met police chief was already on the
cards to discuss the ongoing protests
and combating
anti-Semitism and now she will be asking
for an explanation over the response to
incidents that occurred on Saturday in
the latest about 20,000 people packed
into London's Trula Square to demand the
release of more than 200 hostages taken
by Hamas during their October 7 attack
the rally followed a pro Palestinian
demonstration on Saturday in which an
estimated 100,000 people marched through
the center of London Police cautioned
before the March that anyone showing
support for Hamas would face arrest and
any in of hate crime would not be
[Music]
tolerated