as Israeli tanks amassed at the border
with Gaza ahead of an expected ground
Invasion its military on Friday warned
more than a million Palestinians to move
South within the next 24 hours Israel
has pounded Gaza from the air since
hamas's bloody attack on the weekend the
deadliest by Palestinian militants in
its history and has since vowed to
annihilate Hamas in a statement the
Israeli military said it would operate
significantly in Gaza City in the coming
days saying quote civilians of Gaza City
evacuate South for your own safety and
the safety of your families and distance
yourself from Hamas terrorists who are
using you as human
Shields it comes after Israel's Army
Chief of Staff Lieutenant General herzi
halevi said on Thursday now was the time
for
war Gaza will not look the same we will
reach a situation where Gaza leaders
will be badly beaten you will dismantle
them and whoever stays there will fully
understand that you don't do such a
thing to the state of Israel according
to un spokesman Stefan duari Israel's
military told its liaison officers that
the relocation warning included the
entire population of Gaza north of Wadi
Gaza that includes Gaza City the
enclave's largest city and amounts to
some 1.1 million people or nearly half
of gaza's whole population duari urged
against such a move saying it would have
devastating humanitarian consequences
Israel's ambassador to the UN slammed
the un's response as shameful gilad odan
said the group should focus on
condemning Hamas and supporting Israel's
right to
self-defense in response to the warning
a Hamas official said it was fake
propaganda and called on citizens not to
fall for
it