three Israeli hostages mistakenly killed
by Israeli forces in Gaza had been
holding up a white flag a military
official said on Saturday yotam Heim s
alalala and Alan shamas have been named
as those killed in Shaya an Eastern
suburb of Gaza
City news of their deaths on Friday
prompted a late night protest outside
Israel's defense headquarters in Tel
Aviv among the protest ERS was zoha
avori a relative of another hostage my
reaction first of all was grief these
are families that I know personally and
people that have been waiting so
hopefully for their loved ones to return
and um to me it struck me in the heart
showing me that there's got to be a deal
right now to bring them
back on Saturday an Israeli official
gave a phone briefing on an initial
inquiry into the incident he said the
three hostages were not wearing shirts
and had a stick with a white cloth on it
but that a soldier had felt threatened
and declared that they were
terrorists the official said two of the
hostages were killed immediately when
Israeli forces then opened fire the
third was wounded the official said and
retreated into a nearby building where
he called for help in
Hebrew according to the official the
Battalion Commander issued a ceasefire
order but there was another burst of
fire and the third hostage was killed
this was against our Rules of Engagement
the official
added a mass militants rampaged through
Israeli towns on October 7th killing
1,200 people according to Israel and
capturing 240
hostages close to 19,000 people have
been killed in Israel's subsequent
bombardment of Gaza according to Gaza
Health
authorities more than 100 women children
teens and foreigners held hostage were
released in a deal struck in late
November other hostages have been
declared dead by Israeli authorities but
many remain
captive a funeral for one of the
hostages s alalala took place on
Saturday in hura in southern Israel
around 300 people turned up to Bid
Farewell including his cousin who told
Israel's public broadcaster Khan that
they had so many hopes and expectations
that T ala would come back to
us we are not going to start pointing
fingers Allah ala said it is not the
time adding this is the time to ask for
the war to
end
fore
[Music]
speee
fore
[Music]
let
for
for