just after Dawn on October 7th these
Hamas militants wearing body cameras
took off from Gaza on motorcycles loaded
with weapons their target the small
Israeli community of sufa home to around
50
families as they approached they came
under Fire from a small Israeli military
post the battle didn't last
long the explosions could be heard a
kilometer away in the community of sufa
something sound very very strange very
loud very massive yal balasan took his
pregnant wife and toddler to their safe
room he started receiving messages from
Neighbors who said he was needed to go
out and fight his wife urged him not to
I was afraid tell you the truth I was
afraid because I didn't know what
happened
outside the gunman entered the Kuts and
started shooting homes an
ambulance even this dog tamaria Coen was
the dog's owner they went house by house
and they just shut
shoot shoot to
kill that bullet went through the front
door and killed Bernard Cohen the
57-year-old married father an unarmed
civilian then the militants started
searching
inside setting fires and shooting in
discriminately en come down he shouts in
Arabic it was really frightening this
resident her daughter and two young
granddaughters were hiding in the safe
room trying to stay quiet hell came to
visit us what is going on where's the
Army where's the country
where's I we felt like we were abandoned
after waiting an hour with no sign of
the Israeli military bisar decided to go
and fight like most Israelis he has
military training but works as a civil
engineer he was one of only four
residents with a rifle going up against
around 30 Hamas militants that's my duty
if I have a gun that's is my duty from
behind a concrete wall the Israelis
opened fire the militants scattered and
bison went up on the roof of his
parents' house it was a a very good
position they held off the Hamas
attackers for 5 hours until the Israeli
military finally
arrived when the fighting ended three
local Israelis were dead along with at
least 15 Hamas Fighters why do you think
you were able to be so successful
against them I have no idea I just go to
defend my kibuts the family it's still
too dangerous for bison's family to
return to their home but unlike many
other Israeli communities they still
have a home to return to
Donna Jeff simple in Jerusalem thanks