the massive terrorist attack on Israel's
cities followed by a brutal Counter
Strike have brought the Hamas group
under the spotlight so what is Hamas
Hamas is a Palestinian terror group that
has made Global Headlines by firing over
5,000 rockets at Israel and taking
several civilians and soldiers hostage
it was declared a terrorist organization
by the United States the European Union
Canada and Japan even though the United
States resolution against Hamas at un
was voted down which which is why
Nations like Iran and Pakistan continue
to support it it was founded in 1987
during the Palestinian Uprising founded
by shik Ahmad Yasin as an arm of the
Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood with a
declaration of intifada that is Uprising
against Israel the 1988 Hamas Charter
spelled out the goal to liberate
Palestine and to establish an Islamic
State in the area that spans Israel the
West Bank and the Gaza Strip the
ideology is similar to that of the
Muslim Brotherhood but in later years
the Hamas has said that it would accept
a truce if Israel retreats to the pr67
Border saying it would end its links
with the Muslim Brotherhood but Israel
at that point had trashed the hamas's
claims accusing it of trying to fool the
world in 2005 Israel vacated the Gaza
Strip and handed it over to the
Palestinian authorities but the Hamas
defeated Muhammad abas group in the West
Bank in 2006 he was the leader of the
Palestinian Liberation Oran organization
thereby establishing Hamas rule over the
Gaza Strip in 2007 which is when the
conflict began as it triggered the N the
2008 War since then there's been a
direct conflict between the Hamas and
Israel the armed wing of the Hamas is
called the Alin alasam which is
notorious for suicide bombings and
terrorist attacks