Israeli forces have surrounded Gaza City
on three sides and are operating inside
the city prime minister Benin nanow said
the military has pushed through the
outskirts of the region are EAS deser to
off the Israel Defense Forces Chief of
Staff said Thursday that Israeli forces
have surrounded Gaza City on three sides
and are currently operating at the Heart
of the City fighting in close quarters
Israeli military spokesman Daniel hagari
also warned that with the Israeli forces
beginning their operation inside Gaza
City a ceasefire is not currently on the
table and according to Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu his forces
are currently at the height of the
battle with Hamas but have had
impressive successes and continue to
advance meanwhile the Israeli Prime
Minister also said he'd made no decision
on supplying fuel to the waren torn Gaza
Strip where hospitals are reportedly
running dangerously low on energy
supplies
his com is come after the chief of
Israel's Armed Forces earlier signaled a
willingness to ease the fuel embargo on
the Palestinian Enclave if hospitals can
be refueled under supervision the
Israeli military has also continued to
Target Hamas commanders with strikes
against recognized refugee camps in Gaza
the jabalia camp was bombarded for the
third straight day with Palestinian
authorities saying the attacks have so
far killed 195 people with 20 missing
Thursday's air strikes also included a
smaller camp located in B home to about
46,000 Palestinian refugees registered
with the United Nations relief and works
Agency for Palestine refugees gazan
authorities say 15 people were killed in
a strike at the bz Camp Palestinian
authorities say more than 9,000 of its
people have been killed since October
7th with more than half of gaza's
population displaced EJ adid new is