well even by the standards of Donald
Trump's unpredictable presidency what
happened today in the Oval Office was
certainly unexpected and definitely
unscripted for nearly ten full minutes
musical superstar Kanye West stole the
media spotlight from the US president
not easy and not easily forgotten
he was Washington bureau chief joy
Melvin dawn often this president is at a
loss for words
that's rapper Kanye West along with
football great Jim Brown here to discuss
prison reform instead Kanye in a surreal
stream-of-consciousness
rambled about alternate universes
promoting an airplane that doesn't exist
in pounding look for the Unabomber on
the president's desk
he said that I actually wasn't bipolar I
had sleep deprivation which could cause
dementia
Kanye declared Donald Trump the father
he never had and the power he gets from
that hat it was something about when I
put this hat off and made me feel like
Superman he even dropped the f-bomb and
he might not have expected to have a
crazy mother like Kanye West a bizarre
freewheeling monologue from North Korea
to race so when I said I like Trump to
like someone that's liberal they'll say
oh but he's racist you think racism can
control me and Trump was loving it that
was quite something
but Kanye's performance might not pay
off at the ballot box it's not gonna win
over any african-american voters that's
for sure after watching this just
spectacle this sort of therapy session
in the midst of a hurricane where people
are suffering just kind of again
underscores the callousness of Donald
Trump personally just another day of
reality TV capping this episode Kanye
hugging it out with just about everyone
in the Oval Office joy Melbourne CTV
News Washington