after five days of violent clashes the
truce has now been broken between Israel
and ganza ceasefire has been secured by
a long time mediator in a conflict that
is Egypt the truth has been confirmed by
the Islamic Jihad group that has been
leading the offensive from Gaza
AR um
in a statement Israel's prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu thanked Egyptian
president Abdel fatah al-sisi for
cairo's efforts
but it also said that the initiative
means that quiet will be met with quiet
and not if Israel is attacked or
threatened it will continue to do
everything that it needs
in order to defend itself despite the
truth being agreed both sides continued
firing Israel reported heavy busts of
Palestinian rocket fire towards Southern
and Central Parts shortly before the
truth took effect
it then said it was striking targets
inside Gaza which stretched several
minutes past the deadline
but calm proceeded after this last
minute firing and many who had been
confined to shelters in the past few
days or back on the streets
many Palestinians gathered in streets of
Gaza and celebrated the ceasefire
agreement
[Music]
oh
[Applause]
[Music]
amazing
[Music]
while the ceasefire brings a relief in
the intense fighting that has left at
least 33 Palestinians and two Israelis
dead there are apprehensions the
tensions could quickly resume next week
when Israel will hold a contentious
March through a main Palestinian
thoroughfare in Jerusalem's Old City the
March is meant to celebrate Israel's
capture of East Jerusalem in the 1967
war the latest violence erupted on
Tuesday when Israeli airstrikes killed
three senior Islamic Jihad commanders
Israel said the airstrikes while it
responds to a heavy bust of Rocket fire
the previous week and on its attacks
have been focused on Islamic Jihad
targets
[Music]
thank you