many call cities all over the world home
yet the infrastructure that keeps them
together and their economies moving
forward is getting less and less
investment to address the issue and seek
alternative ways to finance sustainable
urbanization un habitat held Global
observance of world cities day hosted by
the first lady of turkey Amina
erogan
the key to every Global change is hidden
in
urbanization however the importance of
cities has gained a different dimension
in the modern world where urbanization
is growing at an Unstoppable Pace
research shows that by 2050 7 out of 10
people will live in cities rapid
urbanization brings with it many crises
and tests for us one of the most
important problems it has raised is
undoubtedly climate change which has
turned our Earth into a bleeding
Globe un Secretary General Antonio
gutterz also joined the event via video
message sustainable policies and urban
planning create green jobs and
opportunities for the Youth enable
digital connectivity and Advance gender
equality I salute the government of
turquia on its zero waste initiative and
the personal commitment of our
Excellency am erdogan bolstering efforts
to tackle the climate crisis turkey
introduced the zero waste policy at D
general assembly in
2022 the project promoting efficient use
of Natural Resources is now accepted by
more than 100
countries now is the time to make
concrete decisions to unite our dreams
thoughts and voices for our common home
the Earth to implement an all-inclusive
sustainability model where no one is
Left Behind to build sustainable cities
and life for everyone without waiting
for
2030 the first lady also added that a
global zero waste fund is set to be
launched to support this
goal hosting the UN habitat's Global
observance of the world cities day here
in Istanbul today the Turkish first lady
am erogan has become a key figure indans
push for achieving a more sustainable
and livable future cubra AK T
world