these airdrops of AIDS May provide a
brief glimpse of Hope for some gazin on
Tuesday as hamasa negotiators from the
militant group will remain in Cairo for
another day at the request of mediators
keeping Seas fire talks going after 2
days with no
breakthrough this extension comes just
days before the start of Ramadan the
Muslim fasting month which is due to
start next week the chiro talks had been
built as a final hurdle to reach the
war's first extended ceasefire it would
be a 40-day truce between Israel and
Hamas during which dozens of Israeli
hostages would be
freed an aid would be pumped into Gaza
to Stave off a famine three security
sources from host and mediator Egypt
told Reuters the Waring s still wanted a
deal but still sticking to demands that
had held up an agreement so far Israel
says it is interested only in ATT
temporary truce during which more
hostages would be freed Hamas says it
wants any deal to lead to a permanent
end to hostilities the Egyptian security
sources said us Egyptians and Qatari
mediators were seeking to overcome this
Difference by offering separate
guarantees to Hamas of peace talks to
end the
war in Rafa displaced gazin like Yas me
Mahan said on Monday they yearned for
peace after 5 months of War we want to
return to our cities our houses to our
families we are tired we have been
dispersed there's no aid for the
Palestinian people we need radical
Solutions senior Hamas official basam
Naim told ruers the militant group had
presented its proposal for a ceasefire
agreement to the mediators and was now
waiting for a response from the Israelis
who have stayed away from this round
Israel has declined to comment publicly
on the talks in Cairo but a senior
Israeli official denied Israel was
holding up a deal saying they were
waiting a response from Hamas A source
told Reuters earlier that Israel was
staying away because Hamas had rejected
its demand to furnish a list of all
hostages who were still
alive Naim said this was impossible
without a ceasefire first as hostages
were scattered across the war zone and
held by separate groups Washington
Israel's closest Ally has said an
Israeli approved deal is already on the
table and it is up to Hamas to accept it
Hamas disputes this account as an
attempt to deflect blame from Israel if
the talks collapse with no deal