[Music]
these are the darkest days that I have
ever experienced the Israeli government
with the full support of every Western
power in the world announced an intent
to commit genocide using Jewish fears of
another genocide as the excuse and now
is in the process of making good on that
threat that is what we must stop that is
what we are here to stop that is what we
will stop there are so many more lives
to save not in our not in our not in our
that they are not
disposable they have a right to live
they didn't ask to be born in
occupation and so I just want to thank
you on the bottom of my heart that the
dehumanization has chipped in my soul
and I can't imagine what it's made so
many other people feel so you all being
here to speak truth because the war
mongers are out y'all they are ready
they want to kill and not stop it's pure
Insanity I still remember the Cry of
Maya who's being dragged out of that
Festival crying for her father but just
like por Shaman Gaza who is number one
in her scores I don't know if you know
anything about Palestine culture but has
a big deal that somebody from Gaza could
score number one on her you know it's
like valoran for the whole Palestinian
people and both of them both of them are
victims they're victims of the
oppression of the violence they both
deserve to live I don't care what their
faith is or their
ethnicity I'm going to be real with you
all my colleagues many of them I usually
don't talk smack about them no I'm
usually considerate cuz I don't like
them policing me so that I don't police
them but as an American not just as a
member of the United States Congress I
am
ashamed I am ashamed that they're saying
not yet maybe next
week
[Applause]
not yet Rashida maybe maybe in a couple
of days how many more have to
diee fire now fire now he's fire now
he's fire now he's fire now