staying in West Asia Iran has sworn
revenge on Israel after blaming it for a
deadly air strike on its Embassy in
Syria on Monday following which Iran's
supreme leader Ayatollah Ali kamini has
now warned Israel saying that they will
be quote unquote
slapped the defeat of Israel will
continue their desperate attempts like
what they did in Syria they will be
slapped for that of
course
the strike in Damascus which was
reported on late Monday evening
destroyed the embassy building and
killed at least 16 people including
seven Iranian military personnel and six
Syrian Nationals so while Israel has
frequently struck Iran linked Targets in
Syria Monday night's attack would be the
first time it has directly hit an
Iranian diplomatic building Israel on
the other hand has not confirmed or
commented on the attack after the attack
Iran also pointed a finger at us
charging that it too bore responsibility
for the attack because of its support
for Israel responding to Iran's
allegations the White House said that
the US had no involvement in the strike
and that they did not know about it
ahead of time further to that on Tuesday
Israel's defense minister without
mentioning Monday's strike specifically
said that Israel is fighting a
multi-front war and to make it clear to
everyone in West Asia the Gant added
that anyone who tries to threaten Israel
will pay the
price first we are currently in a multif
front War both in defense and offense we
see evidence of this every day including
over the last few days we operate
everywhere every day in order to prevent
our enemies from gaining strength and in
order to make it clear to anyone who
operates against us all over the Middle
East that the price for an action
against Israel will be a big
oneid clashes between Israel and hisbah
along the Israeli Lebanese border have
increased since the war on Gaza began
nearly 6 months ago in January Iran
fired missiles at what it called an
Israeli spy base in Northern Iraq in
response to the assassination of another
of its commanders in
Syria
[Music]