turning overseas now to the late
breaking developments in the Israel
Hamas war prime minister Netanyahu
approving plans to invade the city of
Rafa amid those crucial ceasefire talks
ABC's Matt Gutman joins us live in
Israel this morning Matt good morning
this is a red line for President
Biden it is Jana and nahu didn't offer a
red L didn't offer a timetable for this
very controversial offensive in the
southern Gaza City of Rafa it's where
Israel believes the last few Hamas
battalions and a few of its leaders may
still be holed up and as you mentioned
President Biden has called it a possible
Red Line If Israel does not take the
security of the 1.4 million Palestinians
Sheltering in Rafa into account and it
comes a day after Senate majar leader
Chuck Schumer called for new elections
here in Israel saying that Netanyahu has
lost his way now an Israeli General
telling me that they have a plan to try
to elay us concerns they're going to try
to move somehow those 1.4 million pal
Ians from the south to the center of the
Gaza Strip into humanitarian enclaves
where they'd be provided shelter food
water housing hospitals and this comes
against the backdrop of renewed
negotiations between Israel and Hamas
Hamas presenting a new proposal to
release about 40 hostages including
women and the ill in exchange for up to
a thousand Palestinians to be released
from Israel's prisons nahu called it
absurd but he is still sending a
delegation to Doha for talks uh the US
government has said that this is that
they're cautiously optimistic about
these renewed talks Gio all right Matt
no end in sight at least for now in this
conflict thank you so much hi everyone
George Stephanopoulos here thanks for
checking out the ABC News YouTube
channel if you'd like to get more videos
show highlights and watch live event
coverage click on the right over here to
subscribe to our Channel and don't
forget to download the ABC News app for
breaking news alerts thanks for
watching