America and Israel the sworn enemies of
the answer ala movement the who thiis
the arm political religious group is
based in the city of sade in northern
Yemen but in September 2014 the Houthi
seized power in the capital Santa with
Santa captured the group took control of
the country but only until the Arab
allies forced them to withdraw from the
southern cities that limited the Houthi
sphere of influence to the capital and
the cities in the north the group
believes it is a popular revolution
against what it sees as the corrupt
regime of the president Abdul Abu Mansur
Hadi but some Arab and European
countries describe what the Houthi
stayed as a coup against legitimacy of
the elected president Yemen is
geostrategic because of the
bab-el-mandeb straight which links the
Red Sea with the Indian Ocean and is a
critical see way for many oil tankers
euronews met one of the most important
leaders of the answer ala movement
muhammad ali al Houthi who heads the
Revolutionary Committee which is the
highest leading authority in Yemen he
stressed that the first enemy for them
is Israel along with the United States
of America bosnia one of the most
important Israeli statements said that
the Strait of bab-el-mandeb is more
threatening to them than the Iranian
nuclear program and with that statement
the real target of this war against us
was revealed all the reasons and
justifications that have been said like
our relations with Iran and us being a
part of their plan to expand in the
region has been simply proven incorrect
Oh thoroughly despite the intensive
airstrikes launched by the side delayed
Arab allies against who thiis they still
have a tight grip over the capital Santa
after they took over the government
institutions the military and financial
ones as well research reports refer to
the who thiis ability to take control of
over around seventy percent of the
Yemeni military capabilities including
the quality and strategic weapons in
addition to running the civil and
military airports