well Prim Minister M thank you for being
here again President Joe Biden didn't
say Thursday's Bloodshed at the food Aid
line is what specifically prompted the
US to announce new ways of getting Aid
into Gaza but it's clear that tragedy
turbocharged the
plans innocent lives are on the line and
children's lives are on the line no
excuses because the truth is Aid flowing
to Gaza is nowhere nearly enough now
it's nowhere nearly enough the White
House said the idea to airdrop
humanitarian Aid into Gaza has been
considered for a while and the idea for
opening up a maritime Corridor to get
Aid in by ships is a more recent idea
the UN says at least 576,000 people in
the Gaza Strip one quarter of the
enclaves population are just one step
away from famine the air drops by
military plane will begin soon at first
they will involve delivering just food
ready to eat meals that soldiers eat
called MREs later drops will involve
supplies and Israel is supportive of the
plan but the White House says the air
drops are one of the most difficult
operations a military can carry out
especially in a densely packed region
you want to make sure that uh to the
maximum degree possible you've got um
eight organizations and partners on the
ground that can help with the
distribution the maritime plan might
involve using Greek administered Cypress
as a staging ground to bring in Aid to
Gaza by ship some members of Congress
have also suggested sending a Navy
hospital ship but Washington says these
new ways of getting Aid in are just
supplemental to the main goal of getting
more trucks into Gaza pressuring Israel
to make that happen and that at least a
temporary ceasefire is still the best
solution of all now as you all know a
deal that would trigger a six we
ceasefire is currently on the table in
addition to the additional flow of Aid
that would come with that deal uh we're
uh continuing to work to make sure that
we can get the hostages out as well uh
and to see a reduction uh in in the
violence but whether Thursday's food
line tragedy throws a wrench into
ceasefire talks or adds more urgency to
getting them done is yet to be seen Andy
rosum trt World
[Music]
Washington