seven people have been arrested in
Denmark Germany and the Netherlands why
for plotting terrorist attacks and for
four of these arrests have been linked
to Hamas and the attacks were on Jewish
people now in a joint Dutch German
operation three people were arrested in
Berlin one in the
Netherlands and in a separate incident
three others were arrested as Terror
suspects in
Denmark now the German police in the
state said that all the four suspects
arrested in the Netherlands and Germany
were in direct and close contact with
none other than Hamas military branch
the alasam brigades now the arrests
include a Dutch national two Lebanese
born and one Egyptian born as well
prosecutors said that one of these
suspects was working on curating a list
of weapon sources these weapons were to
be taken to Berlin and kept ready for
potential terrorist attacks on Jewish
targets Hamas has denied any connection
to the suspects it added that the
allegations were published with the aim
of disrupting the mass support that Ries
that Palestine has been garnering in the
support that Palestine rallies have been
garnering in
Europe now netan who also published a
statement saying that Hamas has been
relentlessly trying to expand its
operations in
Europe meanwhile in a parallel incident
three people were arrested in Denmark
and will be tried on under terrorism
charges these arrests preliminary
investigations showed were not in any
way linked to those made in Germany and
Netherlands the Danish police have
increased presence near Jewish
communities they said that the raids
carried out in cooperation with foreign
Partners exposed a network of people
preparing for a terrorist
[Music]
attack