have been sounding in a number of
Israeli towns close to the border with
Lebanon warning of incoming rocket fire
from the Lebanese armed group heah let's
go over to Sarah she's live for us in
schom in Northern Israel near the
Lebanese border let's start with those
Sirens which have been going off what
happened yes Samy well that happened
earlier and we were actually caught in
it as we were on our way to schoy town
and uh we saw the aftermath of a mortar
fired from across the border into Israel
just uh further down but on that hill
behind me and in the last few minutes
we've also heard outgoing Israeli
artillery from this side over that
border to the Lebanese side and we heard
it land on the other side and that just
shows you the proximity now I just
wanted to give you a sense of what we're
we're talking about here that border is
at the top of the hill that divides
Israel from Lebanon and throughout the
day there has been almost tit fortat
where hezb is firing across Israel then
responds with artillery fire further
down along that border towards the east
as well near to uh Galilee that was also
uh where some of those Rockets were
intercepted as well as some of them
intercepted here in schumi too to be
precise so that just gives gives you a
sense of why all along this border here
these border towns have uh been
evacuated this was an order from the
Israeli government there's very few
people here it's almost a ghost I don't
know if you just heard that just
now all right do we need to let you take
cover Sarah since you mentioned the
siren is going off no no we're good
we're good but just gives you a sense
it's okay well that was what you may
Mike may not have picked it up but again
artillery fire from this side and from
the Lebanese uh border but uh moving on
to where we are here there's no one here
and that's because of this constant uh
firing between both this as you have uh
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
warning that if if Hezbollah wants an
allout War they he's warned that Beirut
wouldn't exist and what will happen to
Beirut will be what's happening uh to
Gaza you also have uh the war C
Minister Benny Gant also warning and in
a conversation with us secretary Anthony
blinkin saying that this needs to stop
and their action needs to be taken all
right thanks so much sah there