some breaking news to let
you know about. as Israel
has said that quote there
will be a response to the
Iranian missile attack that
coming from the Israeli.
military chief. just
moments ago this also comes
as Israel. weighs its
response following Iran's
missile attack on Saturday.
world leaders, though
urging Israel. not to
retaliate. Saturday's
attack included more than
300 missiles and drones but
99% of them were
intercepted. several
ballistic missiles reached
Israeli territory causing
minor damage to an air
base the Iranian attack on
Saturday. happened less
than 2 weeks after an
Israeli strike in Syria
killed 2 Iranian generals.
in an Iranian Consular.
building marking the first
time Iran has launched a
direct. military assault on
Israel. And as we shared
with you here on live now
from Fox President Biden
meeting with Iraq's prime
minister. stressing the US.
standing with Israel, but
also, cause it calling the
US's relationship. with
Iraq. critical now this
visit comes as tensions
across the Middle East
have soared over the war
in Gaza. and Iran's weekend
attack on Israel. those
discussions could also
include the 2 decade
American Military. presence
in Iraq through which
portions of Iran's
Saturday drone. and missile
attack on Israel. flu or
addition Iranians proxies
have initiated attacks
against us interests
throughout the region from
inside. Iraq making today's
meeting between Biden and the
Iraqi prime minister. even
more critical But again,
we continue to follow
breaking news. as the
Israeli military Chief warns
response to Iranian
missile. attack We are
going to step away and
pivot as we do have. more
major stories happening,