I'm Minister Mone Georgia thank you for
coming here thanks for standing with us
[Music]
[Music]
welle Minister milone Georgia thank you
for coming here thanks for standing with
Israel we always say there's one thing
better than standing with Israel it's
standing in Israel so we welcome you for
coming here this is a time our darkest
hour we have to defeat this
barbarism uh this is a battle between
the forces of civilization
and really monstrous barbarians who
murdered mutilated raped beheaded burnt
innocent people babies grandmothers uh
this is a test uh test of civilization
and we will win uh and we expect all the
countries that lined up to fight Isis to
line up uh and fight Hamas because Hamas
is the new Isis so thank you for coming
here thank you prime minister I'm happy
of being here I I thought it was very
important to come
personally to bring the solidarity of
the Italian government and the Italian
people and to tell you that we saw
imagees were uncredible about what
happened two weeks ago that showed
something more than
simply well a war they showed somebody
who wants who wants to
cancel
uh Jewish people from from this region
and it is up on up to anti-Semitism and
that's something that we have to fight
yesterday and today so we defend the
right of Israel of existing of defending
itself security for its people and uh uh
we
absolutely understand that terrorism has
to be
fought and we believe and we think that
you're able to do that in the best way I
mean for we are different from those
terrorist we certainly are we certainly
are thank you J thank you please
down
from breaking news detailed analysis
in-depth interviews and explainers
follow the times of India subscribe to
our YouTube channel don't forget to like
our videos and hit the Bell icon to stay
updated with the
latest