A desperate call for help from
six-year-old hint terrified trapped in a
car everyone around her is dead hind was
in the car with her Uncle his wife and
their four children trying to flee
fighting from this part of Northern Gaza
the horror in that car captured in this
call for help from her cousin recorded
by the Palestine red crust
hello
hello relatives on Monday morning
received a call from the family saying
they'd come under Israeli military
fire
R called me she said Uncle my dad my mom
my sister and brother were killed I'm
bleeding help me I'm dying I told her
tie yourself with anything at 400 p.m.
she
died the only one left was the little
girl hind she said please I'm little I'm
injured I peed
myself hind stayed on the phone with the
red crescent for
hours what time is it she said it's
getting dark I'm afraid of the dark the
area was too dangerous hard to reach
they had to keep h on the phone as they
scramble to try and get a team to
[Music]
her as a team was finally dispatched a
psychologist was now on the phone with
hind but Days Later they're still
waiting the red prent lost all contact
with Hind and its two volunteers who
were dispatched to find her CNN gave the
Israeli military details about the
incident including coordinates provided
by the Palestine red crescent the IDF
says quote we are unfamiliar with the
incident described we are extremely
worried we need to know what happened
did they manage to save hand are they
arrested did they survive we need
answers no one more just desate for
answers than Hinn's distraught
mother if my daughter didn't die from
the bullets she's going to die from the
cold from the Hunger my daughter said
Mama I am
hungry she said Mama I am thirsty I'm
cold I call on the whole world to bring
me back my daughter I want anyone to
call the Army we want our innocent
little girl hind is too young to be
going through this she is too
young
so many so young gone in this war but
one family holds on to the hope that
it's not too late to save their little
hint Jama karach CNN
London