[Music]
Israel will take any measures in order
to destroy Hamas but we have no
intention to save to stay permanently in
Gaza Strip we only take care of our
security and the security of our
citizens alongside the borders with Gaza
and
elsewhere
the issue of phosphorus activated in
Lebanon we are operating in one clear
way legally and according to
international law this is how we operate
this is how we exert force in both in
north and in the South and this is how
we will continue to operate since the
renewal of fighting the IDF and the ISA
arrested some 140 terrorists of Hamas
and the Islamic Jihad across the stre in
the last last month alone there was a
total of over 500 terrorists arrested or
half of them were taken for further
investigation in Israeli territory we
are investigating the terrorists in the
field and they tell about hideouts of
other terrorists as well as provide
significiant intelligence to create new
targets further in the fighting this
investigation takes place on the ground
in real time as terrorist
surrender
um first which is that we are concerned
by the reports uh of the use of white
phosphorus obviously there is a
legitimate military use for white
phosphorus but that does not include um
using them on civilians it means that if
you use them you have to do everything
you can to minimize civilian harm um
anytime that we provide items like white
phosphorus or really anything to another
military we do it with the expectation
that it will be used for legitimate
purposes and in full keeping with uh
International humanitarian law and the
law of armed conflict so we're looking
into this and and looking for additional
information Israel is engaged in a very
difficult military campaign against a
terrorist organization that says it
wants to repeat the attacks of October
7th um uh he decided that on this on uh
on with respect to this sale sale this
was uh a munition that they needed on an
urgent basis and so uh it necessitated
an emergency authorization to to provide
those uh those Munitions but that
doesn't not in any way lessen uh their
obligation to act in full OB full
compliance with International
humanitarian
law
[Music]