over 5 days Israel's occupation of the
Palestinian territories has faced
unprecedented scrutiny before the judges
of the world's highest court Israel is
acting and has been allowed to act in
complete disregard of international law
that cannot continue it is clear that
Israel's illegal occupation is also
being administered in breach of the
prohibition of the crime over parted
Israel has been consistently obstructing
a negotia
two State solution for how much longer
do the Palestinian people need to wait
before they are able to exercise their
legitimate rights under international
law lawyers and ambassadors from every
corner of the world argued that Israel
is deliberately preventing Palestinian
self-determination by building
settlements this is really the language
of decolonization the language of
Liberty that we've seen exercised in
these resolutions since the 1960s and
the other arguments have really been
around the Israeli violation of the
international laws surrounding use of
force surrounding proportionality and
also surrounding International
humanitarian laws the UN General
Assembly asked the world Court to
consider the legality of Israel's
occupation back in 2022 why does Israel
always Escape punishment but it's been
impossible not to stop the horrors of
the war in Gaza impacting the
proceedings here why have all these
Souls been lost and made absence of
world conscious
unquote sorry Mr President sorry we came
here to the to the the uh Palace of
Justice For Justice for the Palestinian
people and I think that the the court
will uh will render its opinion that
this occupation is illegal and we will
hear new words aperti genocide
colonialism and that is occupation is
unlawful only the United States was
willing to defend the occupation under
the established framework any movement
towards Israel's withdrawal from the
West Bank and Gaza requires
consideration of Israel's very real
security
needs we were all reminded of those
security needs on October 7 and they
persist Israel isn't taking part in the
hearings saying the Court's involvement
could be harmful to achieving a
negotiated settlement with the
Palestinians Bernard Smith Al jazer the
ha make sure to subscribe to our channel
to get the latest news from Al
jazer