[Music]
days later the mass hunger strike of one
and a half thousand Palestinian
detainees in Israeli prisons has come to
an end earlier relatives and supporters
of the hunger strikers had gathered in
Ramallah Yassir Arafat Square to show
their solidarity the prisoners were only
taking water and salt while demanding
improvements including better medical
facilities and more family visits the
Palestinian Liberation Movement says
agreement was reached after long talks
with Israeli prison officials
was inside a tiny shinza the hunger
strike has now ended after lengthy
negotiations between the Israeli prison
administration and the hunger-striking
prisoners including the leader of a
strike Marwan Barghouti who is also a
central committee member of Fatah after
20 hours of negotiations an agreement
was made about the humane demands by the
prisoners with further information to be
released later
leader Marwan Barghouti who's the most
high-profile Palestinian prisoner was
convicted of the murder of Israelis
during the second Palestinian uprising
although the Israeli Prison Service only
say inmates will now have extra family
visits but Houthis wife says most of
their demands have been met
over the course of 40 days the
occupation had been attacking the
prisoners by preventing visitation
rights as well as solidarity confinement
through medical neglect and even trying
to spread rumors amongst the prisoners
measures all of which have failed 40
days later all the prisoners united
behind one leader ship to reaffirm that
their demands have been met as much as
possible
the agreement will be seen by many
Palestinians as a rare victory as at the
start of the action Israeli officials
said they wouldn't give in to the hunger
strikers demands the Palestinian
prisoners called it the freedom and
dignity hunger strike it was the largest
in Palestinian history with more than
one and a half thousand inmates refusing
food for 40 days
meanwhile family and friends outside
feel nothing but relief to hear that
their loved ones are no longer at risk
I'm a Hawaiian TRT world from Allah and
the occupied West Bank
[Music]