now the Israeli Defense Forces have
successfully reached tunnels in Gaza
twice almost catching hold of top Hamas
leader Yaya Sinar and now according to
the reports Sinar had narrowly escaped
from The Tunnel right before the IDF
managed to reach him IDF spokesperson
said it had specific information about
the tunnel where Sinar was hiding
however he fled the tunnel only a few
hours before this raid was
conducted now local media Outlets
reported earlier that I F operations
have been focused around the southern
Gaza City of kyun this with the primary
objective of killing Yaya Sinar Sinar
has Sinar has escaped capture by the IDF
twice in recent days further other
reports also indicate that the Hamas
leader is on the move and hasn't been
staying in one place for a long period
now this Manhunt led the Israeli troops
to uncover a previous hiding space of
Muhammad Dev the commander of Hamas
military Wing earlier on Sunday Israeli
soldiers raided the vacation homes of
several Hamas leaders sver being one of
them the idef captured the office of
Hamas Khan yis Brigade Commander this
along with the underground Terror
infrastructure as
well now the forces also captured the
main square of bani suela which is a
suburb of conun sinbar is currently
believed to be hiding in Unis he had
earlier fled the north of the Strip by
using a humanitarian Convoy during the
ongoing conflict with Israel despite
other reports there's no confirmation of
his residence in konas Israeli forces
have called Sinar The Mastermind of the
October 7th attack the worst attack
their nation has ever faced when
hundreds of Hamas gunmen crossed the
borders and Rampage through towns now as
the conflict intensifies Israel vows to
continue its operations until reaching
senior Hamas officials
[Music]
for