[Music]
welcome back you are with Republic TV
now Amit the ongoing ceasefire deal
comprising of Hostage release by the
Hamas a special event was organized by
the Israelis to welcome the hostages who
have now returned
[Music]
home following the release of a second
group of Hamas held hostages on Saturday
in return for the freeing of Palestinian
prisoners Israelis gathered at hostages
Square in Tel Aviv to pay tribute to the
hostages why am I here just like to feel
like feel like part of the community and
just like it's a
big H hard to explain it's but just be a
part of
the communal experience and get some
support out of it to deal with this
crazy situation
um yeah I think that's about it just
want to see people coming back
home in a special event organized a
table set with places for the missing
hostages was seen in the
Square the families of the hostages
gathered portraits of their loved
ones
families of the hostages were seen
nervous following the Saturday's hours
long delay which underscored the
fragility of the ceasefire between the
parties
as for the ceasefire deal Hamas is set
to release at least 50 Israeli hostages
in an exchange of 150 Palestinian
prisoners agency report Republic
TV look now at news from around the
world Ukrainian police have issued a
warning advising against travel to and
from the Western Port City of adessa due
to a severe snow storm that has caused
traffic incidents the storm made parts
of the
M5 connecting Odessa with ke nearly
impossible and isolated the city from
the District of
Ismail United Nations has voiced
concerns about the well-being of Afghan
citizens who return to Afghanistan
following Pakistan's deportation of
Afghan refugees the UN has urged the
suspension of the expulsion of Afghan
refugees is reported by the Kama press
based in
Afghanistan Spanish police have
announced the confiscation of 600 kilg
of cocaine concealed in a container in
Valencia resulting in eight arrests
linked to the seizure