as a Israeli deadline inches closer big
questions arise will over a million
residents be able to evacuate Gaza in
the 24 hours our next report gets you
more on the Rampage across Israel Gaza
and how a war between two Nations has
left innocent people hunted and brutally
murdered take a
look carrying mattresses and personal
belongings residents of Gaza City were
seen walking South on Friday after
Israel or more than a million people to
leave the northern half of the Gaza
Strip within 24 hours Israel said troops
backed by tanks had carried out raids
inside the Gaza Strip Friday that was
its first announcement of a shift from
an air War to ground operations in order
to root out Hamas Fighters a week after
their deadly Rampage in southern
Israel Hamas which controls the densely
populated area told Gaza residents to
stay put despite Israel's
deadline mosques broadcast the message
hold on to your homes hold on to your
land while many residents said they
would not go several thousand people
could be seen on roads heading out of
the northern part of the Gaza Strip but
it was impossible to tell their exact
numbers the United Nations said Israel's
call for Gaza civilians over 1 million
of them to leave was impossible to carry
out quote without devastating
humanitarian
consequences here's un spokesman Rolando
Gomez the United Nations strongly
appeals for any such order to be
rescinded avoiding what could transform
what is already a tragic situation into
a calamitous situation Israel rebuked
the UN statement saying it should
condemn Hamas and support Israel's right
to self-defense since Hamas Fighters
burst across the barrier fence and
killed 1300 Israelis on Saturday Israel
has responded with the most intensive
air strikes of its 75-year conflict with
the
Palestinians Gaza authorities say 1,800
people have been killed the United
Nations says 400,000 people have already
been made
homeless weon is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the
move