in the wake of the deadliest attack on
Israel in its history there are two
questions swirling around the first is
how a country that's supposed to be one
of the most advanced surveillance states
in the world allowed this to happen and
the other is why did it happen it's
looking like a catastrophic failure by
the Israeli security and intelligence
services
uh it is almost unfathomable that a
country like Israel would not be aware
of an attack on this scale being planned
literally on its back doorstep and
considering the technology and the
surveillance that Israel has at its
disposal uh not just in terms of the
drones that Patrol Gaza but also the
fact that Israel has total control over
what comes in and out of Gaza in terms
of a blockade along with Egypt uh it
really raises serious questions as to
why no one saw this coming one theory is
that Hamas effectively tripped Israel
into thinking that it wasn't willing to
have a war by going along or a major war
I should say by going along with the
economic incentives and benefits that
Israel has been offering recently such
as the increased number of work permits
and this may have lured Israel into a
false sense of security or even
complacency about what Hamas really
wanted to do the second question is why
Hamas did this it wanted to humiliate
and traumatize Israel on a massive scale
may have been to reer itself as a major
influencer as it were in the Middle East
there were at least ongoing
normalization talks between Saudi Arabia
and Israel the Palestinians were
completely sidelined from those talks
and Hamas may have viewed this as an
opportunity to reassert its presence on
the world stage and finally there may be
another strategic goal behind this which
comes in the form of Hamas taking so
many hostages from Israel and dragging
them back back into Gaza Hamas seems to
be trying to get back about 5,000
Palestinian security prisoners in
Israeli jails it may believe that Israel
would be willing to negotiate and
[Music]
swap 700 dead Israelis in a single day
and I've used this word before I'll use
it again is almost unfathomable and
there will be such an enormous desire an
enormous burning desire among the
Israeli public to take revenge for that
attack and the consequences of this
attack as a result will probably felt
for
decades