Secretary of State Anthony blinkin is
expected to travel to Israel as early as
today the state department saying he'll
deliver a message of solidarity and
support for Israel the first plane
carrying American ammunition has already
landed in Israel sources say the US may
send a second aircraft carrier to the
region the USS Ford already arriving in
the Eastern Mediterranean this is about
providing support to Israel as it seeks
to defend its territory and deal with an
ongoing imminent threat from Hamas
terrorists who as I said before are
acting a heck of a lot like Isis
terrorists in their barbarity and
cruelty President Biden strongly
denouncing the Hamas attack Israel has
the right to respond indeed has a duty
to respond to these vicious attacks but
the president did not mention Iran the
White House says as of now there's no
smoking gun to show that Iran directed
or orchestrated the attack even though
Iran has longf funded Hamas with the
help of his oil revenues revenues
critics say have grown under the Biden
Administration The Wall Street Journal
also reporting Hamas raised millions of
dollars in cryptocurrency before the
attack and here in Washington many
congress members voicing concerns about
Americans still stranded in Israel after
several Airlines suspended flights many
Americans now are having to go through
neighboring Jordan to travel out in
dead hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching