[Music]
Israeli police have handed down a number
of orders to the Palestinian residents
of occupy these Jerusalem Banning them
from entering the alaka compound and
denying them access to the Old City
among them is Palestinian video
journalist ibraim singala his house was
raided one day before the beginning of
the Muslim holy month of Ramadan and he
was handed a ban order ibraim says the
goal is to intimidate
journalists this is the freedom of the
press that the occupation breaks about
Israel claims to have democracy and to
have freedom of opinion and expression
jerusalemite Naser Al hidmi has also
been prohibited from entering Al AA
mosque and parts of the city of
Jerusalem he was informed one week
before the start of Ramadan that his ban
on entering the mosque and parts of
occupied East Jerusalem will be extended
for the sixth time in 3
years
they accuse me of being an activist and
member of the Hamas movement in the city
of Jerusalem and that my presence in the
city of Jerusalem threatens the security
of the occupying State the decision has
had a major impact on hm's
life this affected my work and my life
in general my social life was affected
and even going shopping became a problem
Netanyahu says he respects freedom of
Warship yet Palestinians here dispute
his assertion and accuse him of trying
to empty the holy city of its
Palestinian residents this Jerusalem
photographer says he was once deported
for 6 months on charges of disturbing
public peace he requested anonymity for
fear of being further reprimanded by
Israeli authorities Israel is preparing
for the worst as alak attention sore
deploying heavy police and security
presence throughout the occupied City
while Israel believes ordering people to
stay away from alaka mosque will help
strengthening its grip on the city many
Palestinians insist nothing will stand
between them on the compound Muhammad
kasim trt World occupy this
Jerusalem