tv9 is
exus
Armory
exive we have with us a major with
Israeli forces IDF who just explain us
sir how much arms and Equipment have you
captured from the Hamas yeah so so far
we found more than 1,000 grenades more
than 1,000 RPG Rockets from different
sizes around 500 IEDs from different
sizes um about 200 mines 2,000 weapons
from AK47
mostly around 500
explosives breaching device Isis and so
because we come to know that they have
been getting all these weapons from
outside which country made for weapons
do you have received all right so most
of the weapons that we see right now is
homemade by Hamas inside the gazp they
have explosive factories about 80% of
the things that you see here is made by
Hamas the rest of the 20% weapons was
brought by North Korea over there the
gray one shows the North Korean weapons
that yeah the gray RPG over there with
the red strip is North Korea RPG RPG F7
and we also saw some Iranian Motors
these are the Iranian Motors yeah this
is the Iranian motor okay 60 mm motors
with Iranian fuse so that means North
Korean and Iranian weapons are the main
which you have captured from the
Hamas this is beside Hamas yeah so did
you because you have been following
Hamas from very long did you see some
kind of new weapon Aries in their weapon
system because we have come to know that
they have been well trained they have
get more sophisticated weapons do you
find anything new that yeah this is the
something new modern Technologies they
got yeah they kind of try to copy our
breaching devices over there okay and
the Magnetic anti-tank IED over there
the magnetic one with a magnetic
attachment is new it doesn't surprise us
very much but it's new that and we know
they're working on it it's the first
time that we see it how much percentage
is the captured material because we come
to they have a huge M arms and
ammunition how much percentage did you
capture and rest where it is the rest of
rest of the weapons wow we I can't even
say how much percentage of weapons did
you receive did you capture from them I
think about More than 70% of what they
brought they didn't manage to even use
do you find that they will have much
more than that in the Gaza Strip also
yeah I believe so I believe they have
much more