and just days after the setback at the
international court of justice where
Israel faces serious charges of genocide
Israelis are up in arms calling for the
sacking of prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu in the latest scuffles have
begun to break out between Israeli
police and protesters major
anti-government protests have begun to
spark in thiv the demonstration included
a March towards Israel's Ministry of
Defense protesters are now even calling
for fresh elections even though Nan yahu
still has closed to two years left in
his term demonstrators are also
criticizing efforts to bring home the
hostages and the hostages are still held
by Hamas amid the ongoing War Israeli
Security Forces including the Mounted
Police tried to block some of the crowd
on their route and some of the
protesters were also
detained a separate rally was held
outside prime minister Benjamin Nathan
yah's residence Nathan yahu had earlier
given a speech pushing back a against
the ruling of the international court of
justice and the ruling was against the
loss of civilian life and destruction in
the Gaza offensive several prominent
citizens including National Security
officials have sent a letter to Israel's
president and Speaker of Parliament and
The prominent citizens are demanding
that Nathan yahu should be removed from
office claiming that the prime minister
is an existential threat to Israel
Netanyahu is being accused of being
unfit of holding the office of the Prime
Minister of Israel and the list of
signatories include three eminent no
Nobel priest Prize winners but prime
minister Netanyahu strongly reacted to
the situation and said that Israel would
go to the fullest extent to protect
itself from
Gaza in this difficult week in which we
lost heroic Fighters I say again to you
the citizens of Israel that our
commitment is to fulfill their will and
achieve all the goals of this war to
eliminate Hamas to ensure the return of
all hostages and to ensure that Gaza no
longer pose a threat to
Israel Nathan yahu also hit out at k for
allegedly hosting the leaders of Hamas
more than 100 Israeli hostages are still
believed to be in Hamas detention and
the hostages were taken by Hamas in the
surprise attack that was executed on
October
7th
[Music]
a