out of the mid East and that newly
released video showing an American
hostage held an American hostage held by
Hamas family members are speaking out
this morning as Hamas says it is
reviewing a new Israeli ceasefire
proposal ABC's Tom Sufi burd is in
Jerusalem with more now good morning
Tom good morning GI yeah this is the
second Hamas video in just four days
showing American Israeli hostages in
captivity with Secretary of State blink
expected to travel to this region in the
coming days amid renewed efforts to get
a ceasefire deal and the release of more
hostages this morning Israeli American
hostage Keith seagull seen for the first
time in captivity in this Hamas video
the 64-year-old addressing the camera
with his head shaven speaking under
Jess at one point breaking down with
emotion telling his family I love you
very much Keith's Wife Aviva held
hostage with him in Gaza but she was
released in November after that new
herass video of her husband Aviva saying
Keith I love you we will fight until you
return and their elder daughter Elan
demanding that Israeli leaders watch the
video of her dad and see their father
crying out for help 47-year-old Israeli
hostage amiran also seen in that same
Hamas video it comes 3 days after Hamas
released another video of another
American Israeli hostage HH Goldberg
pollen Shalom H Goldberg poen the
23-year-old seen without part of his
left arm he was badly injured on October
7th by a grenade when he was taken by
terrorists overnight families and
supporters of the hostages protesting in
Jerusalem well these are H his friends
telling him to survive they're telling
the Israeli government they want a deal
to get him and the other hostages home
in Gaza more than 34,000 people killed
including 14,000 children according to
the Hamas run Health Ministry the
Israeli military releasing video of
onshore preparations along the Gaza
Coast as the US military Works to
install an offshore temporary Pier so
large shipments of Aid can get in and
guys US military personnel have now
begun constructing that floating
temporary Pier just off the Gaza Coast
according to a senior Us official and
we're told that American peer is
expected to start receiving shipments of
aid in a matter of days Ranna All Eyes
watching this Tom thank you for that