israeli aircraft have launched attacks
on hamas targets in gaza strip on
saturday in the latest escalation in
hostilities between the two forces the
strike came in response to the clashes
between the israeli troops and the
palestinian protesters that left dozens
injured including an israeli police
officer and a 13-year-old palestinian
boy
clashes broke out during a gaza protest
organized by the enclaves islamist
rulers hamas and other faction groups in
support of jerusalem according to
reports hundreds of protesters gathered
near the strips heavily fortified border
while some tried to scale the border
fence while others hurled explosives
towards the troops israeli forces also
launched fires in retaliation along with
israeli fighter jets
have also struck four weapons storage
and manufacturing sites belonging to
hamas
the cross-border firing came exactly
three months after israel and hamas
fighters reached a ceasefire following
their deadliest clashes in years
sensing more hostilities in the coming
few days israeli military has now sent
additional forces to the border area and
also increased deployment to secure its
iron dome anti-missile system
this latest round of violence following
an israeli announcement of a resumption
of qatari 8 to gaza a key move aimed at
strengthening the egypt-mediated troops
that ended the may conflict at least 250
palestinians and over a dozen of
israelis were killed in the may conflict
in which hamas fighters fired rockets
towards israeli cities and israel
carried out airstrikes on gaza following
clashes at al-aqsa mosque in jerusalem
we are now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move