they've been standing ready for days and
at last the first lorries carrying
desperately needed supplies were on the
move from Egypt into Gaza just 20 of
them what Aid agencies are calling A
Drop in the Ocean when a sustained
reliable Supply is what gaza's people
require we hope this is the beginning
and that sufficient Aid will arrive and
there would be Global pressure to stop
the aggression on Gaza food water and
Medicine were all unloaded but no fuel
part of Israeli conditions barring
anything it says could Aid
Hamas and the Border was closed again
immediately no way out for those with
foreign passports who'd been told to
gather there among them the
Mother-in-law of Scotland's first
Minister Hamza YF the people of Gaza
want to live they can't in the night
even breathe there's no air they
suffered I watched the children play in
the day and cry in the evening my heart
is
broken through the day today Israel's
bombardment
continued in Gaza City more buildings
turned into
craters three generations of one family
killed here this woman says Israel's
Army continues to tell civilians to move
South the humanitarian conditions in the
strip are under control we continue to
stress that the residents of the north
should move to the South and the
humanitarian Aid that went into the
strip will be delivered there at an
international Summit in Cairo Jordan's
King called any forc displacement of
Palestinians a war crime sentiments
echoed by the Palestinian
President we warn of any attempts to
displace our people from Gaza and we
also warn of any attempts to expel
Palestinians from their homes or
displacing them from Jerusalem or the
West Bank elsewhere there was restated
support for Israel's right to
self-defense along with its obligations
under international law
despite the incredibly difficult
circumstances I have called for
discipline and professionalism and
restraint from the Israeli
military Israel's stated War aim is a
permanently changed picture the
eradication of Hamas as a military and
governing
entity on Saturday Israel's Army
released these images of its soldiers
training for a ground Invasion Harry
foret Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer