this is the AES Crossing that Israel
says it will now reopen for the first
time since the start of the war to allow
more Aid into Gaza the port at ashdod is
also being opened for Aid deliveries by
sea and more aid from Jordan will be
allowed to move through the Kem Shalom
Crossing all this came soon after
Thursday's phone call from an angry US
President Joe Biden to Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu touched off
by Monday's deadly air strike that
killed seven World Central Kitchen Aid
workers the White House said Biden
called for an immediate ceasefire and
made clear that the strikes on Aid
workers the civilian death toll and the
overall humanitarian situation in Gaza
are
unacceptable and that if Israel does not
change course on keeping civilians and
Aid workers safe and allowing more Aid
in if it does not offer concrete
measurable changes then the us will
change its policies toward Israel he
made clear that US policy with respect
to Gaza will be determined by our
assessment of Israel's immediate action
on these steps but left unanswered how
is the Biden Administration measuring
their assessments of any Israeli changes
was Netanyahu given a so-called Red Line
will the US start withholding military
aid to Israel as Leverage The White
House did not not offer any specifics
but did say it expected to see changes
within hours or days what we want to see
are some real changes uh on the Israeli
side um and um you know if we don't see
changes from their side there'll have to
be changes from our side for now the
White House says it's welcoming Israel's
reopening of the RS Crossing but this
was an unwelcome site a ship loaded with
Aid that was heading for the Gaza Coast
has now turned back scared Away by
Monday's attack on those Aid
workers