[Music]
after nearly 3 months of War homes in
Gaza look different the stories emerging
daily from The Enclave are however the
same Hamada Abu SLA had left his home in
Rafa in southern Gaza for just 5 minutes
headed to the bakery to get bread for
his wife six children and two
grandchildren that was all it took for
his life to change forever I
had I was heading back with the bread
when the explosion happened I knew it
had come from the direction of my house
but I thought my house was safe nothing
wrong with where we were I was shocked
at the sound of the explosion the rubble
and I rushed home fearing my children
would be scared I didn't imagine for a
second my home had been targeted Hamada
is not the only Palestinian to lose his
whole family more than 22,000 in Gaza
have now lost their lives despite Israel
on Monday saying it was withdrawing some
of its troops civilians are still dying
around 9 km away in car yunes smoke was
seen rising over the city the now
familiar hum of drones overhead a
reminder that Israel does not need
soldiers to meet out more destruction
and death despite the nearby attacks
this is where the Palestine red cresant
Society has established a new refugee
camp the first organized together with
its Egyptian counterpart 300 families
will be accommodated here initially
later expansions will take that up to a
thousand it's a help but not enough on a
strip of land where almost 2 million
have been displaced in Rafa Palestinians
say that despite the alleged Israeli
pullback they do not want to return to
their
homes the Israeli occupation is
deceitful those who attempt to return
could be targeted some people were
martyred and killed and torn into pieces
it's hard to go back unless they
completely Retreat or agree to a
ceasefire the UN Agency for Palestinian
refugees says disease is spreading
through the overcrowded shelters and
packed streets of Rafa few doubt that
sickness and hunger will claim more
lives even if they're Spar Israel's
bullets and bombs Joel Fint
tall