[Music]
this bypass is called the american road
it will connect jewish settlements in
the occupied west bank to the north and
south of jerusalem
israeli government officials say the
road will benefit all residents
is the member of the land protection
committee in the jabal mukaba
neighborhood of occupied east jerusalem
he says that even though the road will
go right through the neighborhood it
won't benefit the palestinians who live
there
the american road will eliminate the
palestinian state project and the
possibility of creating a viable
palestinian state initially it will
separate the city of jerusalem from the
northern and southern part of the west
bank
jerusalem residents who want to get from
haha to the northern part of the city
and don't want to get stuck in traffic
jams can use this road it's necessary
they're found in any big city ring roads
that surround the city so you don't have
to cross through the center that's the
rationale behind this road
the central and southern sections of the
road are already being built the
construction began after israeli prime
minister benjamin minitania promised to
seize parts of the west bank israeli
media says netanyahu plans to annex
jewish settlements there gradually the
government says palestinians will also
benefit from the new road but no
palestinians live in those areas
it looks like the only palestinians able
to use the road are the ones who live in
jerusalem
and they have no reason to go to the
settlements which are illegal under
international law the biggest problem
with this
project is that it's only meant
for israelis palestinians from the west
bank cannot enter jerusalem because of
the barrier because of the israeli laws
and therefore the only palestinians that
might be able to use it is the
palestinians who already live in
jerusalem roads are like the the
pipelines of the livelihood of the
settlement and this is going to be a
boost for settlements all around west
bank
the american road is expected to be
completed in 2021
and it's projected to cost more than a
quarter of a billion dollars mustafa was
trt world occupied jerusalem
[Music]
you