the Hamas Chief is in Egypt to hold
talks for another truce in the war
against Israel ism hania is expected to
meet the Egyptian intelligence Chief to
discuss a likely new agreements and
reports claim the talks will focus on
the number of hostages Hamas is willing
to release and the Palestinian prisoners
that Israel will also turn over Israel
has insisted that all women and men in
poor health must be released while Hamas
wants the release of Palestinians
convicted of serious offenses earlier a
trilateral meeting between the heads of
Israel's mad the US's CIA with Qatari
Premier was held in wara sources close
to the talks said that while the talks
were positive a deal might not be
imminent at the United Nations the
security Council vote on Gaza has been
delayed for a second day in a row the
UAE and the US are struggling to agree
on language that cites a secession of
hostilities and a proposal to set up un
monitoring meanwhile a chief of Gaza
hospital has made a confession in an
Israeli interrogation he said his
Northern Gaza hospital was turned into a
military facility under hamas's control
he even agreed that at one point the
hospital housed an abducted Soldier
Hospital director Ahmed kalut even said
that he was a lieutenant colonel in
Hamas since the year 2010 and around 15
members of his Hospital which includes
doctors and paramedics were all Hamas
militants on the other hand the fighting
on the streets of Gaza have intensified
Israeli Army says that it's in advancing
in the South as well as the north of
Gaza the IDF raided and detained staff
at two of the last functioning hospitals
in Northern Gaza Israel's defense
minister says troops are working to
completely clear out hos militants from
the area the Israeli Army has
intensified action in southern gaza's
Khan un City They carried out more
deadly strikes
on Tuesday IDF says that it added an
entire Brigade and additional forces to
the offensive in the area the
Palestinian red crescent Society
meanwhile says that at least eight
Palestinians were killed and 34 left
wounded in central Gaza on Tuesday but
the Hamas run Health Ministry says that
nearly 20,000 Gaza have been killed so
far
[Music]
[Music]