reports of Israeli air strikes hitting
hospitals in Northern Gaza including the
enclave's biggest medical facility alifa
the Palestinian Health Ministry says it
is completely unable to evacuate the
hospitals despite Israel's latest pledge
to open daily 4-Hour humanitarian pauses
to allow civilians to flee
[Music]
South the Indonesian hospital in North
Gaza is one of the medical facilities
reporting explosions around its vicinity
operations there have been extremely
stretched since the bombardments
intensified last month now the hospital
has been running on a backup generator
and the facili director now says that it
might be forced to shut operations
completely that's if it cannot get more
fuel cna's chani vatani has more for us
on the history of gaza's Indonesia
Hospital built in over 16,000 square m
of land the Indonesian Hospital in Gaza
was inaugurated in 2016 by then
Indonesian vice president YF kala
construction for the $8 million facility
began in 2011 built entirely using
donations from Indonesians together with
organizations including the Indonesian
Red Cross society and the muhammadia
society one of the country's largest
Muslim organizations the donations were
organized by the medical emergency
rescue committee or Mercy prior to the
war the facil provided service to the
nearly 500,000 people in North Gaza it
is located about 2.5 km from the Israeli
border and has a capacity of 230 beds
originally the hospital which has two
stories and a basement was intended to
provide physical and psychological
treatment for patients traumatized by
conflict until the Palestinian Health
Ministry requested that it function as a
general hospital earlier this week an
Israeli military spokesman said that the
Indonesian hospital had been built at a
site located on top of a network of
Hamas tunnels and that it is located
near a Launchpad for Rocket attacks the
Indonesian government as well as Mercy
which operates the hospital have both
refuted these claims with Mercy alleging
the accusations to be a precondition to
justify attacks Indonesia meanwhile has
said that it is ready to deploy a naval
hospital ship to provide medical
assistance to Palestinians