Israel's retaliation has begun all day
air strikes hit the Gaza Strip targeting
Hamas tunnels Fighters and buildings the
iconic Palestine tower has been
flattened Israel says it contained Hamas
infrastructure but residents told us it
was full of shops and cafes one neighbor
said that his house was also destroyed
in the
bombing my house is completely gone what
am I going to do it was such a difficult
evening my girls are terrified my wife
is terrified everyone is people are
staying on the streets in the mosques
it's really
[Music]
difficult
in a place as densely packed as Gaza
there is nowhere to escape to and so it
is virtually impossible to carry out
sustained air strikes without civilian
casualties this was the wreckage of a
Palestinian ambulance at the main
hospital in Gaza City they were
preparing the dead for burials
today it has now been confirmed that one
British man was killed in the fighting
Nathaniel young was a corporal in the
Israeli Defense Forces he was shot on
the Gaza border
yesterday another Britain Jake Marlo is
missing he was working as a security
guard at a music festival when Hamas
Fighters attacked early on Saturday
morning I've just spoken with prime
minister Netanyahu to assure him of the
UK's steadfast support as Israel defends
itself against these appalling attacks
we will do everything that we can to
help terrorism will not
Prevail there are increasing concern
concerns that the violence will spread
in neighboring Egypt two Israeli
tourists and their Egyptian guide were
killed when a policeman opened fire on
them in the city of
Alexandria and there was an exchange of
fire on the Northern Israeli border with
Lebanon Hezbollah the militant group
that controls Southern Lebanon has vowed
to support
[Applause]
Hamas Gaza is still under bombardment
tonight the Israeli military are hitting
Hamas targets but everyone is prepared
for worst to come alist bu Sky News in
Jerusalem