Qatar is undergoing a reassessment of uh
of its role as a mediator this has to do
with a lot of elements including the
campaigns against my country in uh you
know in various media outlets and by
various officials uh that are attacking
uh our country in its role as mediators
we have deep frustration with such
statements especially when they come out
of uh officials who are part of the
establishment and understand exactly
what thear role and with the Kari
coordination with the International
Community has been over the mediation
and over its humanitarian role and that
is one of the reasons why we are now
reassessing our role as as mediator
we need serious commitment by all sides
to reach a a deal and certainly
attacking the mediator does not show
commitment does not show seriousness and
does show a lack of enthusiasm in uh
positively engaging in the uh mediation
process and this is what we are getting
uh right now especially from our Israeli
counterparts uh those ministers who have
made these claims in uh on record in
media claiming that
qar has anterior motive in being a
mediator regarding the Hamas office here
in Doha this office was uh opened in
coordination with the United States for
the uh purpose of mediation between both
sides as long as their presence here in
Doha as we have always said is useful
and positive in this uh mediation effort
they will remain here in uh in Doha that
said of course uh as we said we are
reassessing our role as uh as mediators
but any decisions regarding uh this
issue will not be taken unless we are
finished with that reassessment and we
are ready to uh
uh convey the results of of this
reassessment but as of now nothing has
changed and that we got