the smell of sweet strawberries WFTS
through this family run Farm in toam
where farmers are working fast to fill a
short fall the usual imports from Gaza
have stopped leaving a void in the local
market of Palestinian produce the
business was so lucrative in Gaza the
fruit was known as red gold the sweetest
were grown in bate hanon and bate lahia
where Al jaera filmed 4 years
ago now the war has destroyed farming
communities and everyone in Gaza is
threatened with starvation experts say
military hardware and bombs have damaged
the soil for many
years the destruction of the farms and
soil is wide due to the military
vehicles and there will be years of
Destruction because of the material used
in the explosives and phosphorous bombs
used there this will affect the land and
water for the long
term back in toam Farmer AP maram says
harvesting the fruit has become
increasingly
dangerous the soldiers are protecting
the Israeli settlements here and we
don't know what they could do they may
pick up their guns and start shooting
they targeted our neighbor's car with
live bullets when he was trying to go to
his farm we are driving to another part
of M's land we were turned back earlier
in the morning as the farmers said
Israeli soldiers were there it's
dangerous to grow produce here about 400
m away is an illegal Israeli settlement
that's protected by isra Israeli
soldiers Farmers here say since October
the 7th when they've attempted to access
their land they've often opened fire at
them this fruit is Rip for picking but
it's sometimes left to
rot in this rala market to our South
Farmers from Gaza would compete every
year with Israeli produce to fill the
stools even though the amount coming
from Gaza would often vary depending on
Israeli restrictions the fruit was
popular with buyers
I feel profound grief I'm speaking but
my heart is shattering this is the first
time I have bought strawberries this
season but I'm not sure if I'll enjoy
them with increasingly tighter
restrictions on local farmers they're
not able to produce enough to fill the
shortfall so isra strawberries still
fill these markets meaning this sweet
fruit for so many is a reminder of a
bitter reality Laura Khan Al jazer
occupied West Bank
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer