the Breakthrough deal to pause the
brutal and the calamitous S weekl long
war that is dragged on in the Gaza Strip
has now come to a pause it is a
humanitarian pause and not a Ceasar as
it is understood in the broader sense of
the term now all of this has happened
due to mediation efforts byq and this is
the first pause in this ongoing Israel
Hamas War it is aimed at facilitating
the release of about at least 50 Israeli
hostages who are at this moment in the
custody of Hamas in exchange for this
the Israelis have agreed to release
150 Palestinians many of them under the
age of 18 they're effectively children
who've been held in Israeli prisons for
many
years now the 4- day temporary ceasefire
in the Gaza Strip started at 7 a.m.
local time in Gaza the Israeli armored
vehicles including tanks are now
reported to be moving out of the Gaza
Strip these are some the images that
have come in of these Israeli TRS who
flattened a large part of Northern Gaza
who are now pulling out of the
territory and later in the day today
Israel will be releasing about 39
Palestinians including 24 women and 15
children
in the West Bank in exchange for 13
hostages who will be freed from the Gaza
Strip by Hamas the hostages will be
handed over to the Red Cross Society in
Israel now hundreds of gazin are now
returning again to the northern part of
the Gaza Strip after the temporary
Ceasar was announced the Israeli Army
had dropped leaflets warning them not to
return as North Gaza Still Remains one
of the key areas of Israel's ground of
offensive this is an Israeli tactic that
they are continuing to
use meanwhile Fuel and a trucks have
started to trickle into the Palestinian
territory through the Rafa border
crossing the Israeli Defense Force
claims that it has allowed four tankers
of fuel and four tankers of cooking gas
to enter into the Gaza Strip but
considering that this is a requirement
for 2.3 million Palestinian civilians
this amount of fuel and gas is a drop in
the oce
the displaced GS have also begun to head
back to their homes that have been
bombed to smithin by the
Israelis
Von is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move