French politicians of different Stripes
belt out the national anthem La mares at
the start of a March against
anti-Semitism among them the leader of
the far-right national rally party
Marine
Leen we're exactly where we should be
she said leen's father and Party founder
Jean Marie Leen was repeatedly accused
of anti-Semitic views during his career
at the other end of the political
Spectrum however Jean Luke melenchon did
not attend the left-wing leaders said
the event was for quote unconditional
supporters of the massacre of gazin the
decisions of both politicians reflecting
deepening divisions on the Middle East
across much of
Europe in London King Charles later
wreath at the city's main Senate half
for the traditional remembrance Sunday
event
it was the sight of these clashes
between far-right protesters and police
during Saturday's
commemorations the group tried to storm
the Senate half supposedly to protect it
others attempted to intercept London's
Pro Palestinian March before being
arrested opposition politicians accuse
the Home Secretary Suella braan of
inciting the clashes her Ministry is in
charge of policing but on Wednesday she
accused officers of bias toward Pro
Palestinian protests and braan used
similar language to Ontario Premier Doug
Ford labeling them hate marches we have
a Home Secretary whose job it should be
to ensure that tensions are simmered
down has spent the entire week Fanning
the Flames of division London Police did
also arrest some Pro Palestinian
protesters in relation to crime offenses
but regardless of what political leaders
say and do it should be worth noting one
thing the vast majority of those taking
to the streets on both sides of the
English Channel this weekend did so
peacefully Redmond Channon Global News
London