after Israel struck Targets in Iran
early on Friday there was little chance
of business as usual among G7 foreign
ministers their host on the island of
Capri confirming the US had received
prior warning from
Israel I think it's already known the US
was informed at the last minute but
there was no sharing by the US it was
mere
information Secretary of State Anthony
blinken refused to be draw B on the
details I'm going to be incredibly
boring and not make your day by saying
again I'm not going to speak uh to
what's been reported other than to say
that the United States has not been
involved in any offensive operations
sitting out the main points of the final
communic he said the G7 was more united
than ever in working to deescalate
tensions in the Middle East we're
committed to Israel security we're also
committed to de-escalating
uh to trying to bring uh this tension to
a to a close
um you saw as well or you'll see soon in
the G7 statement a commitment to hold
Iran to account uh to account for its
destabilizing activities uh holding it
to account by uh degrading its missile
and drone capabilities it's an idilic
location in which G7 foreign ministers
confronted a sea of problems from Iran
and Israel to Gaza Ukraine to the Indo
Pacific the Middle East dominated of
course with ministers repeating the
Mantra of deescalation to be followed
they said by renewed efforts towards a
ceasefire in Gaza they were critical of
Israel's failure to allow the full flow
of Aid into
Gaza as the G7 we underline what my
colleague David Cameron and I made clear
in Jerusalem on Wednesday despite
recognizable initial steps towards more
humanitarian Aid this is not enough the
Israeli government has a duty to help
end the humanitarian suffering of so
many people and especially the children
in Gaza and amid signs that Israel is
still planning a large scale incursion
into Rafa in the south of the Gaza Strip
the German foreign minister echoed
secretary blinkin in restating their
objection with up to 1.4 million people
Sheltering there they said it would lead
to catastrophic consequences jahal Al
jazer
Capri make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer