one week after the brutal attacks by
Hamas militants on Israel Israeli forces
massed along the border with Gaza after
warning residents of Gaza City to leave
so that they can destroy Hamas operating
capacity the United Nations and other
International organizations warned that
water is running out in Gaza and that
asking some 1 million people to evacuate
from northern Gaza in the middle of a
war zone is dangerous and in some cases
impossible amid the tensions US
Secretary of State Anthony blinken
visited the United Arab Emirates as part
of a sount tour to try to stop the
violence from spreading blinkin toured
Abu dhabi's abrahamic Family House an
Interfaith complex had opened in
February housing a mosque a church and a
synagogue blinkin signed a tile on the
wall with the words light in the
darkness earlier during the day blinkin
held talks with his Saudi counterpart in
Riad he again stressed that there can be
no more business as usual with Hamas
after the atrocities committed against
Israeli civilians Hamas is not
representative of the Palestinian people
or their legitimate aspirations to the
Future Hamas is a terrorist group it's
on the agenda is to destroy the state of
Israel and to murder Jews and it's
important that the entire world see it
as such the Saudi foreign minister said
it is important to condemn the targeting
of civilians in any form at any time by
anyone we need to work together to find
a way out of the psycho virus this is
something that we really really need to
focus on without uh a concerted effort
to end uh this constant return to
violence it will always be the civilians
that suffer first it will always be
civilians on both sides that end up
paying the price Iran's foreign minister
Hussein Amir Abdullah hian called on
Israel Saturday to stop its attacks on
Gaza warning that the war might expand
to other parts of the Middle East if
Hezbollah joins the battle and what
would make Israel suffer what he called
a huge
earthquake the state department said
blinkin also reached out to his Chinese
counterpart Wang Yi on Saturday and had
a 1-hour phone conversation emphasizing
that it is an everyone's interest to do
everything possible to keep the conflict
from spilling over into other
countries Cindy s vaa
news