Iranian Nobel Peace Prize winner nargas
muhammadi has started a hunger strike in
prison in Teran her family said the
51-year-old is protesting against Iran's
hijab law and the denial of Medical Care
by Iran to her and her other inmates in
her statement muhammadi said her hunger
strike is against the Islamic Republic's
policy of death or mandatory hijab for
Iranian women and also the Islamic
Republic's policy of delaying and
neglecting medical care for sick inmates
resulting in the loss of health and
lives muhammadi has refused to wear a
hijab according to her family statement
she needs treatment for Heart and Lung
conditions but a prosecutor is blocking
her transfer to a hospital muhammadi was
awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in October
for her fight against the oppression of
women in Iran and reacting to the news
of her hunger strike the chairwoman of
the Norwegian Nobel committee barri
Anderson said I'm quoting the
requirement that female inmates must
wear a hijab to be hospit hospitalized
is inhumane and morally unacceptable
meanwhile the Iranian president's
wife's wife has written to the wives of
40 European leaders on the Gaza tragedy
in the letter she writes and I'm quoting
here preserving human values requires
the collective action of those who claim
Justice and freedom and DET test
Injustice and misery the letter also
asked them to condemn the killing of
innocent Palestinian women and children
in Gaza and take effective actions for
peace she further pointed out how
depriving an impoverished population of
over 2 million of water food and fuel is
against all ethical and legal
considerations Theon is now available in
your country download the app now get
all the news on the move