is talking about a two-states solution
in fact Anthony blinkin says that this
is the only thing that will ensure
enduring peace do you believe this is
something which is
possible you know the United States
deploying in a big way in this region in
response to this current conflict and
pushing the idea of a two-state solution
are not mutually contradictory at all uh
the United States has always talked
about a mutually sustainable uh uh you
know two-state solution they've
supported statehood for Palestine even
though they are big you know Israel's
biggest Ally and there's no ambiguity as
far as that is concerned but Joe Biden
has an election coming up uh you know he
uh as far as his re-election campaign he
still wants to be seen as that uh you
know stable uh leader who can uh you
know who can uh navigate and guide
America and the world through many
crisis he's Al
also you know he's already under a huge
amount of pressure as a result of
America's involvement uh in the Ukraine
War uh but the you know the carrier
battle groups deployed in the region
that's very much about American Safety
as well that is about deterence against
Iran it's pointed directly at Iran uh to
basically tell them do not even think
about escalating or getting involved in
this directly because at the end of the
day the United States has a great deal
to lose not just in terms of uh you know
not just in terms of all of its bases
being targeted in the areas and we've
already seen an exchange between US
forces and Syria over the last 48 hours
but the US can ill afford being
embroiled in another West Asian crisis
and if the balloon goes up if Iran gets
in some way directly involved uh you
know in the wake of a fullscale ground
invasion of Gaza by Israel it's going to
be disastrous as far as the United
States is concerned in so far as the
fact that the US doesn't want to get
involved in another Regional uh upheaval
and conflict and it will be forced to do
so so that really is the point it's
about deterence and nothing else