meanwhile in the latest incidents of
violence in Israel police say the calls
an explosion on a bus in Jerusalem was a
bomb at least 16 people have been
injured two of them seriously during the
attack on Monday the blast hit one bus
and set fire to another on a road near
the border with the occupied West Bank
so far no group has claimed
responsibility well for more on this
story we can speak to amir oren who
joins us live from tel aviv with the
latest Amir there are concerns about
this bombing could we see a return to
further bombings like those during the
Second Intifada
this is exactly the fear which permeates
the Israeli citizenship this morning
because in the mid-1990s and then again
10 years later that is 10 years from now
this was the most devastating tactic
used by Palestinians against Israelis
and 10 15 20 Israelis at the time were
killed on such suicide missions now this
perhaps is only an isolated incident
because it was not a suicide mission
perhaps it was an improvised explosive
device being transported by the
perpetrator from one point to another
and being set off accidentally but yes
Israelis are very fearful first of all
that their vaunted intelligence agencies
have not managed to foil this attack
that the Palestinian security services
who are cooperating with Israel have not
been able to find out about it in
advance and that Israelis are again
helpless against such terror we know
that friday marks the Jewish holiday
Passover is security likely to increase
do you think following this attack
indeed security has already been
designated to increase during the Holy
Week of Passover apesar in Hebrew and
then after that during the holy month of
Ramadan because the Israeli government
has assessed that even though for the
last three weeks or so there were less
attacks by individuals knife-wielding or
ramming by vehicles nevertheless that
this might be only a temporary pause and
that come this friday and the next week
israelis especially those who are going
to be traveling either to Jerusalem all
to the west bank might find themselves
under renewed attacks so yes there is a
sense of urgency and some tension in
Israel especially following the
Jerusalem bus bombing okay amir oren in
tel aviv thank you
[Music]