look at all that there's not a single
house in the Janine Camp that's not been
hit by
bullets AB talal is a former fighter
today he's our guide through the narrow
streets of the Janine refugee camp scene
of almost constant clashes with the
Israeli Defense
Forces at least three people were killed
in this mosque and many more wounded the
occupiers hit it with drones and maybe
also a missile fired from an Apache
helicopter amidst the rubble and dust
the graffiti of war is everywhere as are
the images of Fallen Fighters boys most
of them too young to have known much
else not to forget it says referring to
the nabar of 1948 when so many
Palestinians were driven from their
homes by the Israelis this is the center
of the Janine refugee camp which is its
s the epicenter of Palestinian
resistance on the West Bank to Israeli
occupation since the start of the war in
Gaza fighting in the occupied West Bank
has surged 107 people have died in
Janine alone not even hospitals are
sacran on January the 30th CCTV cameras
at the iban Cena Hospital record the
arrival of an Israeli hit squad
disguised as nurses among their target
nugets two brothers members of the
Janine Brigade one of whom was
recovering from his
wounds two months have passed since
their deaths too soon for the pain to
have eased for abir their mother but
loss seems only to have sharpened her
desire for
Revenge these are difficult
days above all I miss my boys but thank
God every time we lose a son we give
birth to a 100 more that allows us to be
patient and
resilient thanks to God Palestine gives
us many
children abad's two sons are buried in a
new Cemetery it's almost entirely full
of victims of the latest spout of
fighting there's no shortage of men and
women ready to die in this long conflict
and no shortage either of grieving
mothers with little left to hope for