after almost a month of brokering an
unprecedented truce between Saudi Arabia
and Iran it seems like China is now
growing more serious about boosting its
political clout in the region
the Chinese foreign minister has now
said that Beijing is happy to play the
role of a negotiator between the state
of Israel and Palestine and this is
China's latest effort in positioning
itself as that as a mediator in the
diplomatically charged and volatile
region of West Asia
held separate phone calls with Israeli
and Palestinian officials on Monday
during the toxic Express China's
concerns they were growing tensions
between the two Neighbors
you recall that this Israeli counterpart
elikon the Chinese foreign minister said
that Saudi Arabia and Iran have set a
good example of overcoming differences
through dialogue adding that Israel and
Palestine need to show political courage
and take steps to rescue the talks now
according to the Chinese foreign
Ministry chin also told the Palestinian
foreign affairs minister riyadal Maliki
that Chan is willing to play an active
role in the resumption of talks
the state of Israel and Palestinians
have not held substantive peace talks on
ending this conflict in over a decade
and what is interesting is this the
Palestinians have now said that
Americans are no longer being viewed or
rather no longer have behaved as neutral
mediators
the far-right Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin netanyahu's government is
committed to expanding settlements in
occupied West Bank much of the
International Community considers these
expansions and these settlements and the
settlers that Israel is bringing in from
abroad is completely illegal and an
obstacle to peace while several of
netanyahu's allies and his Coalition
Partners remain staunchly opposed to the
creation of an independent Palestinian
state it remains to be seen as to have
differently China will of course handle
this problem between Israel and
Palestine
foreign
[Music]