the humanitarian crisis intensifies more
than 7,000 people have been killed in
Gaza since the start of the war
according to the Hamas run Ministry of
Health ABC's Matt Rivers also following
developments from H in Northern Israel
Matt good morning to
you yeah good morning with just a brutal
devastating situation for the people in
Gaza right now some
150 Israeli air strikes overnight our
producer who is in Gaza calling them
crushing this is the biggest most
sustain bombardment that we've seen of
Gaza since this all began back on
October 7th of course the consequences
of all this will mean that the number of
dead and injured in Gaza will continue
to rise but now there is this added
struggle of a lack of Internet gaza's
main Telecom provider saying connections
have been severed its main mobile
connection provider saying in part quote
the intense bombing in the last hour
caused the destruction of the last
International routes linking Gaza to the
outside world so not only is it very
difficult for us to anyone inside Gaza
now but the blackout means residents
there can't even make calls locally they
can't call for help after a bombing they
can't check on loved ones to see if
they're okay and we have heard from
group after group UNICEF save the
children wh unrwa all saying they've
lost touch with their staff inside Gaza
meanwhile in southern Gaza hundreds of
American passport holders are still
trapped not being allowed out to Egypt
through that Rafa border crossing many
saying they feel abandoned by their
government one American citizen trap
there sent us a voice note overnight
saying last night was the hardest night
they've had since this conflict began
and as they wait to get out Aid just
continues to trickle in slowly just 10
Aid trucks Crossing into Gaza a drop in
the bucket of what is actually needed uh
Gio the people of Gaza cut off isolated
just waiting to see what the next stages
of this conflict will look like and
there are real concerns about that Matt
thank you so
much hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching