that's right I've been um a couple of
times to the West Bank in recent days
and tensions there are certainly On The
Rise um we were filming yesterday in the
town of Janine in the northern part of
the occupied West Bank and there have
been several Israeli military raids on a
refugee camp there um several people
have been reported killed arrested
buildings have been destroyed uh the
Israelis say they're doing it to root
out terrorist um groups the Palestinians
we spoke to there uh say that they are
fighting for their rights um it's just
getting increasingly tense very few
people we've been speaking to in the
occupied West Bank say that they believe
in any kind of peaceful situation
peaceful resolution to the situation at
the moment they believe tensions are
going to grow um there's been increased
settler activity in the West Bank in in
recent times under this uh right-wing
Coalition uh led by Benjamin Netanyahu
and indeed as we were leaving the West
Bank last night with our team um we had
to wait for a long time the road was
blocked by a group of uh illegal Israeli
settlers who brought their families and
mattresses into the middle of the road
the Israeli Army was there the
Palestinians uh who were trying to use
the road couldn't get through and they
were telling us this is a nightly event
so tension certainly On The Rise there
have been lots of demonstrations in the
West Bank calls there among Palestinians
for a daily strike and people there
saying that they are extremely worried
about an uptick in violence in that area
too Palestinian Journal there have
tallied
130 people killed Palestinians they say
have been killed since October the 7th
in that area