Communications here in the Gaza Strip
are down the internet the uh Network
lines the land lines and we cannot even
call each other I am one of very few TV
correspondents TV uh reporters that
actually available and can go lives
because we basically took our
percussions in case the internet cut off
uh
Gaza people are scared they are afraid
they're getting this ideas that uh
basically Israel is going to erase the
Gaza strap or something or it's going to
kill everyone in Gaza I know it sounds
somehow ridiculous but actually this is
what the people thinks because of the
cut of the connection this has never
happened uh before we're talking about
2.3 million Palestinians that cannot
reach each other cannot reach the
outward the Gaza STP has been isolated
the Gaza STP have has been disconnected
from the uh whole world
this is also causing so many problems
here on the ground basically people
cannot call the ambulances or rescue
crews in order to rescue them over the
past night there have been several
Israeli strikes on the Gaza strap on uh
Southern Gaza and every morning we come
here to the hospital and we see a big
number of um casualties people killed
people injured people coming to say the
last goodbye for their loved ones
however uh today there is rarely anyone
and the reason before is because the
rescue cers yesterday did not get any
calls from any families so uh and of
course the families do not have cars if
they do have cars they don't have fuel
to to take the injuries so this is how
complicated the situation in the Gaza
Strip
now is a it it is a very little Aid and
the people here in the ground they don't
feel any change uh they don't feel
actually that there is Aid entering the
Gaza Strip the reason why because this
thing is continuous continuous uh air
strikes more people arriving to the
hospital killed or injured more people
fleeing their homes from uh Northern
Gaza to Southern Gaza so we are talking
about more people in the uh schools
taking shelter in the schools and
hospitals so this is something that is
still going on and the number of Aid
that Egypt is inside and to the Gaza
Strip is not
enough