protests in Israel against the
contentious judicial reforms have been
going on for more than two months now
the demonstrations have spread to
several cities and now pockets of
clashes its security forces are being
reported this comes as frustration among
the public towards the legislation is
simmering Aspire estimates more than 200
000 people took to the streets across
Israel on Saturday to process against
the laws being pushed by prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu in Tel Aviv alone a
weakened from demonstrations have become
customary more than 160 000 protesters
carrying national flags at banners
marched Enchanted slogans denouncing the
reforms
I wish we had another kind of government
I'm not happy with this government
but even if it should stay I do not I
don't think they should change the
regime and the basic democracy laws and
the
separation of powers is very important
and they want to cut the judicial
Independence and I think it's very
dangerous besides what's very dangerous
is the way this government is treating
Palestinians and the fact that it wants
to enact the big parts of the West Bank
it's very extreme nationalist racist
religious even fascist government
the demonstration was largely peaceful
but as it approached the end some
protesters started to break police
barricades they blocked the city's Main
Highway and scuffled with police police
fight here against all the protesters
and detained four of them demonstrations
were witnessed in the city of Jerusalem
as well hundreds of protesters gathered
outside the residence of President Isa
kharzog to denounce the reforms Azog had
already warned that the country was on
the brink of a constitutional collapse
due to hastily proceeding
with the laws netanyahu's government
says the reforms are important to curb
overreaching powers of court but
protesters claim they have
put the Democracy in the country at
stake the legislation limits the Supreme
Court's powers to rule against the
legislature and the executive while
giving lawmakers decisive powers in
appointing judges
[Music]
thank you