the missile went straight through the
roof of the armored vehicle shredding
the Charity's identifying logo like a
dart hitting a
bullseye further down the road the two
other vehicles in the Convoy were picked
off one by one three precise hits on
three separate
cars all seven passengers were killed
among them three Britain named as John
Chapman James Henderson and James Kirby
hey this is z and we're at the
Australian zie frankum was also among
the
dead their bodies were taken to alaka
hospital near Gaza City where they were
identified by colleagues Israel has now
admitted responsibility for the strikes
and launched an investigation the IDF
completed a preliminary
debrief I want to be very clear the
strike was not carried out with the
intention of harming wck Aid workers it
was a mistake that followed a
misidentification at night during a war
in a very complex conditions it
shouldn't have
happened the seven Aid workers were
leaving the Charity's Warehouse in De Al
Bala where they had just unloaded 100
tons of Aid the three car Convoy was
traveling along this Coast Road one of
the main highways heading through the
strip Sky News has geolocated the
wreckages of the cars to these three
locations devastated Palestinian
colleagues comforted one another as the
news reached them World Central Kitchen
gave out food to Israelis following the
October the 7th attacks and has been one
of the biggest providers of Aid in Gaza
during the war but it has now suspended
its operations Aid ships Bound for Gaza
were turned back to
Cyprus that will have an immediate
impact on the thousands who desperately
rely on their food alist bun Sky News in
jerus