[Music]
israeli navy has intercepted an activist
vessel that was attempting to break the
Gaza blockade it was escorted to the
port city of Ashdod according to the
Israeli Navy the passengers on board the
site tuna Olivia showed no resistance
when the ship their ship was boarded
spokeswoman for the woman's boat to gaza
says the intercept happened about 80
kilometers off the coast of gaza in
international waters
bailey Omarosa israeli navy exercises
piracy in international waters against a
boat that was on a humanitarian mission
to gaza this boat is holding the dutch
flag and nationality what happened is
terrorism from the country and piracy
which is against all international law
it's a crime that's considered a war
crime that Israel carried out against 13
international female supporters of Gaza
Iram sellers joins us now live from
Ashdod I mean what's the latest on a
situation there has there been any
reaction to the intercept
actually a five hours ago the whistle
the Sheep has told to do a port of
Ashdod in Israel and also all of the
true teen activist on the board were
detained by the Israeli naval forces and
now they are investigating they opened
an investigation
it has been opened an investigation by
the Israeli forces and now everybody is
wondering about what will happen next
especially if we consider 13 activists
13 priests activists were from all
around the world not only for one
country especially from USA Canada New
Zealand Australia also a Arab and
Palestinian activists were in it so now
Israeli maybe also come to many
reactions from the world leaders maybe
and do we know if the activists are
still on the tension there were reports
that they might be on a hunger strike
ah
yeah actually they are because it's only
the Sheep the West will only talk to the
port five hours ago so the afters the
next step will be about their
deportation from the country so it needs
to take a little bit time but we will
see especially from on their social
media campaign their hunger strike will
work out or not
thank you a very much Aram from Ashdod
[Music]