a few days after US President Joe Biden
described the military response in the
Gaza Strip as quote over the top Israeli
Prime Minister bamin Netanyahu appeared
on ABC's this week's show and reminded
the world about the Hamas terrorist
attack that killed 1,200 people and
turned 240 into hostages uh we were
attacked unprovoked attack murderous
attack on October 7th the worst attack
on Jewish people since the Holocaust and
let me tell you uh I think we've
responded uh in a way that goes after
the terrorist and tries to minimize the
civilian population in which the
terrorists embed themselves and use them
as human Shields more than 28,000
Palestinians many of them women and
children have been killed in the war
according to the Hamas run Gaza Health
Ministry Netanyahu dismissed those
figures adding that while a plan is in
the works to get civilians out of Harm's
Way his military will go ahead with a
ground operation in Rafa more than 1.4
million Palestinians many of them
displaced gazans are Sheltering in the
Border Town the United Kingdom Egypt and
Saudi Arabia have vo concerns those who
say that under no circumstances should
we enter Rafa are basically saying lose
the war keep Hamas there and hamas's
promised to do the October 7th Massacre
over and over and over again entire
families live tents in Rafa and say they
have nowhere else to
go if there will be more displacement
I'm not moving I'm on the Egyptian
border from one side and east of Rafa
from the other side I can't move in t
Aviv meanwhile protesters demanding the
release of hostages still in Hamas hands
blocked the ion highway on Saturday we
are here today to tell
everybody that we're so fed
with what's going on
and we know the people are with us but
we don't feel the government is and it's
about time Netanyahu was asked on ABC
whether he knows how many of the roughly
132 hostages in captivity are still
alive I think uh enough to Warrant the
kind of efforts that we're doing uh and
we're we're going to try to do our best
to get all those who are alive back and
frankly also the bodies of the dead in
his assessment the military pressure
applied to Hamas was a key factor in
securing the recent release of 110
hostages and affirmed that quote victory
is Within Reach
vasas vaa News
Washington