there on your screen  as  
it relates to breaking  news  
that we have  been  
following.  for the past  now 
two weeks.  according to  our 
content partners  
at Fox News.  Illinois, man 
is  facing  some  serious 
charges this morning  
including murder. after he  
allegedly killed  a 
six-year-old  boy.  by  
stabbing  him.  26  times.  
We're told  he  seriously 
wounded The child's mother  
as well.  by stabbing her 
more  than  a dozen times.  
We're told  all of  this  
happened  over  their faith 
as  Muslims the Weld County 
Sheriff's Office, says, 
deputies  
deputies were dispatched. 
Into a home in  Plainfield  
Township. at  around. 
11:40 a.m.  on. Saturday  in  
response  to  this  stabbing  
between a landlord  and a 
renter. when  deputies  
arrived,  they found  71  
year old  Joseph  in  Suba, 
sitting on  the ground  near  
the driveway  with  a 
laceration  on  his forehead. 
We're told  that  president.  
forehead. responded to this 
attack. Late  Sunday  
evening.  same  quote,  be  
horrific  Act of  hate  has 
no  place in  America.  He  
went  on  to  say,  Jill  and 
I were  shocked and sickened. 
to learn  of the  brutal  
murder of a six-year-old, 
child.  and the 
attempted murder  of  the 
child's mother  in  
their home  yesterday in  
Illinois. the child's 
Palestinian Muslim  family  
came  to  America seeking 
What  we  all seek, A refuge  
to  live. learn and 
pray in. Peace  in quote, 
that  statement from  
president 
Joe, Biden, and Jill. 
authorities saying, deputies, 
found two victims.  suffering 
from  multiple  stab  wounds  
all over  their body  inside  
a bedroom of the  home. Now,  
all three individuals were  
taken to  a nearby  hospital. 
to be treated for their 
wounds. authorities saying, 
one of the  victims,  a 32  
year old  woman was in  
serious condition and had 
more  than  a dozen stab  
wounds  to  her body. She is  
expected  to  survive.  The 
heinous attack  but again sad 
news  this  morning after 
this  man is  accused of  
allegedly killing the six 
year  old boy,  over  his 
Muslim  faith that  boy there 
on  your  screen. And then  
that  previous  shot  