as the US president visited Israel the
American Embassy in Beirut was the focus
of a day of
Rage volleys of tear gas were fired into
crowds to stop them storming the
building the Lebanese militant group
hisbah had called for a show of
unprecedented anger after the hospital
blast in
Gaza we are demonstrating here in
support of the people in Gaza because of
the MERS carried out by the Zionist
enemies of course the demonstrations May
escalate due to the Israeli
Slaughter the Palestinian cause is a
righteous cause which everyone must
Embrace we should stand against ethnic
cleansing and
racism on the streets across the Arab
and Islamic world there's disbelief at
Israel's
explanation no one here accepts the
Carnage at the hospital was anything
other than an IDF air
strike there is widespread anger across
the region protesters have gathered
outside the US Embassy they're throwing
stones they're trying to break through
the gates now they are angry not only
with Israel but also the United States
who they claim is complicit in war
crimes being committed in
Gaza and the longer the bombing of Gaza
goes on the greater the chance of this
Fury ious reaction escalating into
something much
worse in the Jordanian Capital Aman
people turned out in their thousands to
support the Palestinian cause and vent
their anger at Israel and
America the protests in Egypt were just
as vocal as people marched calling on
the World to open its eyes to what they
claim is Israeli
terrorism the US president is hoping to
contain this conflict from spreading but
America here is not seen as an honest
broker instead its unwavering solidarity
with Israel could make this crisis much
worse Alex Rossy Sky News Beirut