U.S Secretary of State Anthony blinken
is on a three-day visit to West Asia the
visit comes at a time when violence
continues to sweep across Israel the U.S
top Diplomat aims to notch down the
israeli-palestinian tensions blinken
will be heading to Jerusalem today where
he will hold stocks the new Israeli
Administration which includes the ultra
nationalist parties that want to expand
the West Bank settlements Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin netanyahu's new
right-wing government has tarred concern
over the future of Israel's
secular values and the ongoing deadlock
of a peace talks with Palestinians
during his visit blinken is also
expected to reiterate Washington's
support for a two-state solution the U.S
Secretary of State will also travel to
Ramallah to meet with the Palestinian
Authority president Mahmoud Abbas where
he will be calling for broader steps to
de-escalate extensions in the region
after a gunman on Friday killed seven
people outside a synagogue in Jerusalem
marking its deadliest terror attack in
over a decade Lincoln will also be
meeting the Egyptian president Abdel
fatah al-sisi and the Egyptian foreign
minister today is expected to discuss
Regional issues such as Libya and Sudan
on day one of his three-day trip to West
Asia he met the Egyptian youth leaders
and emphasized on how he wanted to
strengthen Washington's strategic
partnership with Egypt
as we're looking at the partnership
between the United States and Egypt a
strategic partnership that is of great
consequence to the United States
we know that going forward that
partnership ultimately is going to be
built and sustained and strengthened by
the people here today and the people
that you represent weon is now available
in your country download the app now and
get all the news on the move
[Music]