hundreds of thousands of Palestinians
have headed towards the southern Gaza in
recent days heeding the warning from
Israel of an impending ground Invasion
the Rafa Border in the South represents
the only viable escape from Gaza and a
Lifeline to the outside
world the Rafa border is controlled by
Egypt and is the only exit from Gaza
that does not lead to Israel territory
in response to Hamas attack earlier this
month Israel has imposed a total
blockage of Gaza cutting off electricity
to the territory and stopping all
supplies of food and fuel that means the
only likely route for humanitarian Aid
to enter Gaza is via Rafa from Egypt's
Sai region Egyptian Aid trucks have
moved closer to the crossing but it was
unclear when or whether they will be
able to cross into
Gaza gazans with dual citizenship have
also gathered at the border hoping to be
allowed through I am Norwegian citizen
uh I come every day till ra border we
heard from the our Embassy they called
us and they told told us to come to the
Border Egypt is wary of insecurity near
the border with Gaza in northeastern
siai where it's faced an islamist
Insurgency that peaked after 2013 it has
now largely been suppressed since Hamas
took control in Gaza in 2007 Egypt has
helped enforce a blockade of The Enclave
heavily restricting the of people and
goods in 2008 tens of thousands of
Palestinians crossed into Sinai after
Hamas blasted holes in Border
fortifications prompting Egypt to build
a stone and cement War Arab countries
have Dee rooted fears that Israel's
latest war with Hamas in Gaza could
spark a new wave of permanent
displacement from land where
Palestinians want to build a state for
Arabs and Palestinians current events
have Echoes of Napa or catastrophe when
many Palestinians were forced from their
homes during the 1948 war that
accompanied Israel's
creation