here on this highway in the occupied
West Bank is where three Palestinians
opened fire at motorists in traffic not
far from an Israeli checkpoint the
attack took place east of Jerusalem near
the Israeli Malle adim settlement and
paramedics say they were quick to arrive
at the scene teams of Mada got to the
place in a few minutes with ICU units
regular ambulances motorcycle First
Responders and give medical Tre
treatment to nine injures which one of
them was injured in critical condition
Israel police later specified that the
gunmen Palestinians from Bethlehem were
neutralized on site after visiting the
scene Israel's far-right national
security minister called to increase
weapon distribution to Israelis and up
the roadblocks for Palestinians saying
Palestinian freedom of movement came
second to Israeli
safety we are Distributing more and more
guns there were some people who
criticized me on this policy half a year
ago I think that today everyone
understands that guns save lives
the right to life for Jewish residents
in the West Bank is more important than
the freedom of movement of the residents
of the Palestinian
Authority the attack comes as tensions
in the occupied West Bank continues to
escalate though already on the rise
since hamas's October 7th attack and
Israel's ground offensive in Gaza
violence has reached levels unseen in
nearly two decades with heightened
Palestinian attacks on Israelis amidst
near daily Israeli military raids
resulting in often deadly clashes it
comes just days after Israel's benv
proposed barring Muslim worshippers in
the West Bank from prayer at the al- AA
mosque during the holy month of Ramadan
due to begin March
10th