it's a decision which has sparked
outrage Palestinian authorities have
condemned a controversial law which
retro actively legalizes Israeli
settlements built on Palestinian land
many see this as a continuation of the
illegal colonization of Palestinian
territories so sort of the Israelis are
confiscating land and expanding the
settlements which makes it harder for us
to have land to live on was only a
corner the law means there will be
ghettos and an apartheid state for us
near the settlements which are on
Palestinian lands and meant for a
Palestinian state she had the almohada
it also gives the settlers not only a
gleam like but license to embark on a
land grab and to steal more land with
full impunity the decision which was
passed 62 votes 250 in the Israeli
Parliament has also attracted heavy
criticism from the international
community barely two months ago a UN
resolution had branded settlement
building in Palestinian territories as
illegal and stated they were a flagrant
violation under international law
however since Donald Trump's
inauguration as US president Israel has
accelerated plans to develop the
colonies now Palestinians want the
international community to take decisive
action nobody can legalize the theft of
the Palestinian lands building
settlements is a crime building
settlements is again against all
international laws I think it's time now
for the international community to act
concretely to stop the Israelis from
these crimes Israel's actions clearly go
against the UN resolution passed last
December but it is still unclear what
sort of influence they will have now
that Israel is fiercely protected by the
new US administration