this is the town of be 4 km from the
border with Gaza uh the terrorists were
here exactly a week ago the damage is
still here now the bodies have been
taken away most of them but this is a
scene of great Devastation we've just
been told by an Israeli Commander how uh
soldiers from the Israeli Defense Force
fought to the death here um there's
still evidence uh of this bullet casings
all over the floor burned out cars
burned out military vehicles uh which
Hamas managed to attack as the uh the
Israelis fled uh but many more Israelis
piled in and fought back and drove them
out that's the case in 27 uh kibot
communities which were all cleared of
the terrorists within 24 hours but this
area remains extremely tense we were
told that inside the property uh the
dead included eight babies um they were
all uh killed and their bodies burned uh
the commander who we've just spoken to
said this appears to be a Hamas calling
card he just said we followed the fires
wherever there was a fire there were
bodies that had been burned and I found
this uh
Concept in these in the past few
days uh of concent trating people to one
place to kill them and to burn
them uh what exactly is the reason I not
know but after a few days I knew that I
should follow the
fires so in this particular house 19
people
were and I call it the uh the example of
what we're facing right now in Gaza and
this is exactly the reason that we need
to to uh
clear this region not only the perimeter
around the kibuts all all this region we
must clear from this kind of threat if
we
want if we want to provide our
citizens the security the protection
that we could not give them last
Saturday we need to do the right thing
right
why would you do scw
monsters what else can what other kind
of human being can
kidna a 90-year-old Holocaust Survivor
into
Gaza what kind of a human being can do
that I had a place called be which is
very close to the Gaza border this is
the spot last week where um uh hamus
came and uh killed many many people you
can see behind me uh the they are still
recovering bodies a week on um people in
uh White forensic suits uh appear to be
uh uh collecting uh deis and uh
potentially even body parts from the
area