well let's go now to the Gaza Border in
southern Israel and get the very latest
from our security and defense editor
Deborah Haynes she is there on the
border Deborah uh you are there with the
Israeli troops what can you tell
us yeah I'm not on the border I am in
southern Israel and I'm with the gavati
Brigade they're about to conduct a
training exercise this is a combat ready
unit they're ready to go into Gaza sh
the order come and right now you can see
uh soldiers driving past us as they go
forward they're simulating the kind of
EXC the kind of action that they would
have to do if they are called to go into
Gaza this is a very highly trained
highly professional unit they were it
was a unit that went into Gaza back in
2014 I've been speaking to uh military
people here who say to me that this unit
is absolutely ready to to go many of
them are reservists they've just been
called up since the Hamas attack just
over a week ago a lot of them have been
fighting to repel that assault and now
they are getting ready in case they are
told that these are these units are
going to have to go into Gaza and what
we're going to be seeing is this unit in
action training um they've got tanks uh
they've got fot soldiers there's also an
engineering element that can deal with
bombs detonating bombs they're EXP
expecting most likely that there will be
um booby traps and explosives in Gaza if
they did have to go in and like any
military unit of course they have to
train and so uh we've been allowed to
come and watch them as they are in this
training it was described to me as
absolutely vital training given the fact
that the Israeli military said last
night that they are preparing for
potential of land sea air operations
combined maneuvers uh with a focus on
large ground operations and if that were
to come to pass then it's almost certain
that the gavati Brigade will be in would
be involved in going into Gaza