the latest
Dominic well it's interesting K that the
story seems to be shifting a bit earlier
on in the day we heard from the IDF
saying they launched this operation
inside um uh the shiffer hospital in a
spe specified area they said the
activity in this specific area specified
area I'm sorry is based on operational
Necessities they said as well as
intelligence information that indicates
Hamas terrorist activity is being
directed from the area so that sounded
very much like it was a military combat
operation going in to deal with a
specific uh threat but then uh in the
last hour or so they released pictures
of baby food and incubators they said
their troops were delivering um on the
back or or carried in by IDF tanks they
said all the way from uh Israel um they
said that uh they could confirm these
supplies were being brought by tanks and
their Medical Teams and arabic speaking
soldiers are on the ground to ensure
that those supplies reach those in need
so it went from a combat combat
operation apparently to more of an aid
delivery operation I asked the IDF
whether they were engaging their Enemy
Inside the hospital all they could say
was the operation is ongoing so from the
Israel's no confirmation that there's
any contact as the military say between
them and their enemy there are some
reports unconfirmed yet that the IDF are
telling other media that they have found
weapons and explosives in the hospital
as I say we that has not been said to us
yet now what the Palestinians are saying
inside the hospital doctors uh and other
eyewitnesses are saying that they've
heard explosions they've seen some
witnesses say they've seen uh soldiers
carrying weapons and there's been
gunfire within the uh complex of Al
shifer outside specifically they say the
neonatal unit where those incubators are
intended to be used so it's a pretty
murky picture emerging certainly the
Israeli military is somewhere involved
in the hospital but in what capacity
it's really not uh entirely clear yet
that we can say