it is day three of truce between Israel
and Hamas and Hamas Fighters are set to
release a third group of Israeli
hostages in exchange for Palestinian
prisoners on Saturday Hamas released 13
Israeli and four Thai hostages in
exchange for the freedom of another 39
Palestinian prisoners look at these
visuals on your screen despite the
initial delay and uncertainty this is
how hamas's armed Wing released the
footages or the hostages from captivity
the hostages were handed over to the Red
Cross for safe passage into Israel it
included Six Women and seven teenagers
or
children
okay Red Cross Vehicles carried the
second round of released
hostages through Egypt's Rafa border
crossing
and finally cars fed the hostages
through the south of Israel to camps set
up by the Israeli Defense Forces for the
the rehabilitation of the freed
captives some of the 13 Israelis and
four Thai Nationals released from Hamas
captivity arrived at the Sheba Medical
Center in Israel today black vans
carrying the released hostages arrived
at the hospital under TI security the
entire exchange of hostages was
monitored by prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu the Prime Minister has been
monitoring The Exchange process since
Friday in return Israeli prison
authorities released 39 Palestinian
detainees the prisoners were welcomed
home in East Jerusalem celebrations
broke out in several parts of
palestine's West bankk to celebrate the
release of the prisoners from Israeli
[Music]
jails but the second hostage prisoner
Exchange took several hours to
materialize Hamas delayed the second
release yesterday claiming that Israel
failed to comply with preset terms
regarding the entry of relief trucks
into Northern Gaza disagreement over
criteria for releasing prisoners also
led to the delay Hamas decided to
continue the temporary truce only after
Egyptians and qataris assured that
Israel would abide by all agreed terms
Israel says the deal could be further
extended by a day for release of 10
hostages over and about the limit of 50
hostages agreed
upon weon is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the
move