now in the latest Outburst of violence
to Rock West Bank Israeli forces shot
dead two Palestinians in a pre-dawn raid
on Sunday in the West Bank the military
operation took place at the newsham's
refugee camp in tulkam
Israeli forces confirmed the attack to
be a counter-terrorism activity in the
West Bank and added that it had
dismantled an operational Command Center
in the pre-dawn raid during which the
suspects opened fire and hurled
explosive devices at the forces however
the Palestinian Ministry claimed that
the Israeli Army forcefully entered the
camp and demolished some houses a
Palestinian advocacy group identified
two killed as civilians and the group
Hamas claimed that one of the killed was
its member
foreign
[Music]
now the Palestinian paramedics said two
Palestinians aged 21 and 32 were found
unconscious with gunshot wounds
yes
um
gathered at the entrance of refugee camp
to moan the two Palestinians and
recalling the horror brother of one of
the deceased Palestinians said that the
sniper targeted the innocent even when
they had nothing to do with anything
uh
taller it's over
elements
foreign
the violence in the area has prompted
Promises of harsh response from members
of Israel's far-right Government after a
recent Rampage in havara finance
minister of Israel called for the
Israeli government to wipe out the
Palestinian Village the deaths are part
of a Relentless spiral of violence that
has fueled the worst fighting between
Israel and the Palestinians in the West
Bank in nearly two decades nearly 180
Palestinians have been killed since the
start of this year and some 29 people
have been killed by Palestinian attacks
against Israelis during that time this
according to a tally by the Associated
Press
[Music]
foreign
[Music]