Israeli bombardments have continued
overnight from Monday to Tuesday with
reports of uh an air strike near a
hospital in southern Gaza Khan Unice and
in brafa as well and we've also been
hearing reports of raids going on in
central Gaza notably near bar and newat
but also again on the magazi refugee
camp now that was the strike uh this
excuse me the site of a major strike
earlier on Monday uh which was reported
to have left over a 100 people dead now
noos have been sounding the alarm over
the humanitarian situation in Gaza with
figures that we have is that uh just
nine of 36 of the Gaza strips hospitals
are still functioning and even then at
reduced capacity and are struggling to
cope with the influx of casualties
around 1.9 million people are currently
on the move they've been displaced from
their homes out of the population of uh
2.3 million and uh as you've mentioned
they're moving from place to place
almost like this chess board but even
then there's no guarantee of safety they
given one uh place to move from they're
moving to another and then shortly
afterwards they may have to move from
there as well it's um it's the situation
has been described as catastrophic by by
Aid workers now Benjamin Netanyahu again
we've heard him uh speaking to troops in
Gaza he said mentioned that
intensification of the offensive that
the activity wasn't going to stop and he
specifically addressed the International
Community too you mentioned this uh
opinion piece in in Western media that's
specifically lined uh to dig in Israel's
position this reiteration of the of its
aims for the war the destruction of
Hamas the demilitarization of the Gaza
Strip and again the deradicalization of
the Palestinian population now moving
forward from that uh Netanyahu said that
it would mean the need for Israel to
what he said retain security
responsibility over Gaza for the
foreseeable future