US President Joe Biden's growing
frustration with Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu continues to mount
the Democrat was captured on a hot mic
saying that he and the Israeli leader
will need to have a quote come to Jesus
meeting the phrase come to Jesus refers
to a meeting or moment when one under
goes a difficult but positive and
Powerful realization or even change in
character or behavior the comments by
Biden came as he spoke with Senator
Michael Bennett on the floor of the
house chamber after the State of the
Union Address Bennett was urging the
president to keep pressing Netanyahu on
growing humanitarian concerns in Gaza
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin and
transportation secretary Pete bed while
part of the brief conversation and this
is how it
went I
told
good was
good the US has been air dropping crates
of Aid into Gaza this comes after the
air drops resulted in civilian
casualties on the ground centcom has
acknowledged the casualties and they
expressed sympathies to the families of
those who were killed at the same time
the US Egypt and Ka have been trying to
broker an agreement that would stop the
fighting for 6 weeks and include the
release of some hostages held in Gaza in
exchange for some Palestinian
imprisoned in Israel and now the US
Secretary of State blinken has said that
it was up to Hamas to agree to a
ceasefire that would allow more
humanitarian Aid into Gaza and pave way
for talks on an enduring resolution to
the
conflict uh and there the uh issue is
Hamas the issue is whether Hamas will
decide or not to have a ceasefire that
would benefit everyone uh the ball is in
their Court we're working intensely on
it uh and we'll see what uh we'll see
what they do but there's no doubt in my
mind that um getting to this ceasefire
with the release of
hostages uh would be a profound benefit
to everyone
involved the Palestinian militant group
left talks in Cairo aimed at reaching an
agreement to pause fighting ahead of
Ramadan Israel and Hamas blamed each
other for the lack of agreement on a
deal that would require Hamas to free
some of the hostages it still holds in
exchange for a 40-day
truce for all the latest news download
the we on app And subscribe to our
YouTube channel