you
I want to make a few points absolutely
clear Israel has no intention of
permanently occupying Gaza or displacing
its civilian population Israel is
fighting Hamas terrorists not the
Palestinian population and we are doing
so in full compliance with international
law the IDF is doing its utmost to
minimize civilian casualties while Hamas
is doing its utmost to maximize them by
using Palestinian civilians as human
Shields
the IDF urges Palestinian civilians to
leave War zones by disseminating
leaflets making phone calls providing
safe passage corridors while Hamas
prevents Palestinians from leaving at
gunpoint and often with gunfire our goal
is to rid Gaza of Hamas terrorists and
free our hostages once this is achieved
Gaza can be demilitarized and
deradicalized thereby creating a
possibility for a better future for
Israel and Palestinians
alike
[Music]
come
this line and give rise to the breaches
of the convention is AD has to address
the have the
format president and distinguished
members of the
Court South Africa is not alone uh we'll
start with an update on the icj tomorrow
the state of Israel will appear before
the international court of justice to
dispel South Africa's absurd blood
libel free
free free
free
in this instance the Z state has really
transgressed all the principles all the
sort of the the Clauses that basically
speak out against any form of genocide
they've just done a textbook uh text in
the sense of they've just you know
blindly and arrogantly basically been
pushing Their Own
Story the state of Israel remains
committed to and operates in accordance
with international law directing our
military operations solely against Hamas
and other terrorist
organizations
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
the
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
spe
[Music]
I hope I yeah
okay