and now we have been given to understand
that Germany has temporarily suspended
the development aid for Palestinians
this is in the wake of the escalating
violence between Hamas and Israel the
Gaza dead toll has remember so past 1200
and even in the face of that the Germans
German Chancellor Olaf schz have said he
has said that Hamas would not have been
able to attack Israel without the
support of Iran that's an important
statement that's coming in from Germany
sidan continues to be with us sidan
while on the one hand the development
aid for Palestinians has been stopped by
Germany on the other side they're
reiterating that argument that is still
unverified and rebed by rebutted by Iran
that is that uh the Hamas had the
Iranian
support yes so largely the Western world
uh uh has taken a strong position
against uh Hamas but there are few
countries those who who have come up or
perhaps have gone to an extent of
stopping Aid to Palestine now this Aid
to Pal Palestine there have been
multiple International conferences where
these company countries have pledged
some amount of Aid to be sent to
Palestine for the upliftment of the
people as they don't have proper job
opportunities no proper industry in
those areas now these Western blocks
some of these nations like Germany
Austria Denmark they have gone to an
extent to stop the aid now it's a big
big announcement because you know I I
don't know how how West Asian countries
are going to react to it now but if it
had been in 2010 or maybe in 2005 then
it would have a direct implication of
these countries uh uh uh with their
relations uh with countries in in the
from the Arab world now how Arab bir is
going to perceive it since Hamas has
Unleashed barbarism and the way Hamas
killed butchered Jews so I don't know
how they are going to react to it now
but but it it was important point we
yesterday also had spoken about how
Russia and Turkey are in conversation
let's see what is the word that's coming
in from that side because they have
completely refuted the Western argument
what happens to this crisis is something
that we will keep an eye on