joining us now for his perspective is
former Canadian Ambassador Arif Alani
thank you so much for being here
diplomatic arrows have been shot all
this week the Prime Minister has said
the accusation was not intended to
provoke clearly India doesn't see it
that way can this relationship be
salvaged well I think it can be salvaged
but you know just when you thought we
were about to be back on track it gets
worse and at the highest level you have
the prime minister of a G7 country
standing up in Parliament accusing a
democratic Ally of a criminal act on our
on our territory so I think it's going
to take a lot of work I think it's going
to get worse before it gets better there
are billions of dollars of trade at
stake here there are people-to-people
relationships we have a large Indian
Community we have several hundred
thousand Indian students here
all of that is going to have to be
managed very carefully over the over the
coming months for us to contain this
to really what governments can do and
try and protect the private sector and
the people-to-people ties Canada is now
at a point where its relationship with
India is frayed the relationship with
China is frayed to significant countries
what does it mean for Canada going
forward you know there's a real
geopolitical angle here all of our
allies Canada included are trying to
pursue an indo-pacific strategy which
rests on India to counter China now
Canada is not going to be able to play
in that game anymore if we don't have a
relationship with India so I think our
partners are really going to leave this
as a bilateral issue for Canada to face
alone but also when they are trying to
move to the most economic important
region in the world Canada is not going
to be there and so there are potentially
very high costs for us