and speaking of Carbondale is holding a
meeting to hear Community concerns over
the ongoing war in Israel and that's
happening next Tuesday well that date
happens to be on the last day of
Passover and that is making some local
Jewish community members raise their
eyebrows newes whan walls Parker gives
us a look at both sides while the war in
Gaza is still happening overseas some
people in Carbondale are feeling its
effects Dean Amy is a Palestinian living
in Carbondale he and others have been
Pro testing since the start of the
Israel Hamas War we are asking for
support from our community from Southern
Ino Community from the mayor person
personally amily says he and others have
had hostile experiences while out
protesting making it hard to function in
daily lives here's somebody yelling
back kill all babies and kill all
Physicians how do you expect them to go
the next morning and do his job saving
people day and night many people from
the Jewish and Islamic communities have
gone to the Carbondale City Council
meetings to have their voices heard
about the war Eva fiser with Carbondale
says although the city doesn't have
foreign policies they listened and
wanted to facilitate a community
discussion we are probably not going to
be able to come to a perfect solution
here together but we want to at least
take a small action to where where we
can at least have a conversation Susan
Pearlman is Jewish and believes
Community talks could be beneficial I'm
not sure this is what the city should be
doing but if there is a discussion um
then I think it's important for people
to really listen and really hear each
other the only problem with the plan
committee talk is that it's scheduled on
Passover which is a major Jewish holiday
and I guess no one looked at the Jewish
calendar no one consulted the Jewish
community so I don't think such a
meeting would be scheduled on an
important Christian or Muslim holiday
Pearlman says the community talk is
scheduled on the last day of Passover
and she's hoping the city might
reschedule the time in Carbondale Willam
WS Parker news3 now City officials claim
this is due to an oversight made by
planners and they plan to keep the
meeting at the same time due to
scheduling conflicts but the city says
it'll offer written responses so that
every voice can be heard