[Music]
some us lawmakers cheered and waved
Ukrainian flags as the House of
Representatives passed a part of a 95
billion legislative package Saturday the
measure which the house passed in its
entirety provides security assistance to
the war torn country as well as Israel
and Taiwan over bitter objections from
Republican hardliners the legislation
now proceeds to the Democratic majority
Senate which passed a similar measure to
few months ago and is expected to pass
this bill next week sending it to
President Joe Biden who released a
statement saying he will sign it into
lawel
John Ukrainian President Vladimir
zalinski thanked house Speaker Mike
Johnson for the more than $60 billion
doll of Aid coming his way saying it
would protect lives and bring a just end
to the war that Russian President
Vladimir Putin must lose Johnson a
Republican agreed with that sentiment
three of our primary adversaries Russia
and Iran and China are working together
and they're being aggressors around the
globe if we turn our backs right now the
consequences could be
devastating so this afternoon the house
acted and we sent over to the Senate and
it will be transmitted shortly our
supplemental National Security
legislation the vote on passage of the
Ukraine funding was 311 to 112 with a
majority of Republicans opposing it
including farri representative margorie
Taylor green she has taken steps that
threaten to remove Johnson from Office
over this issue I do not support Mike
jensson he's already a lame duck if we
had the vote today in our conference he
would not be speaker today while Kremlin
spokesperson Dimitri pesov said the
measure would further ruin Ukraine and
result in more deaths in the conflict