our top focus on newspoint today clashes
continued for the third day in lebanon's
Ein al-hilwa Palestinian Camp between
members of Palestinian president's
father group and islamist factions in
the camp Palestinian factions met on
Sunday in Egypt to discuss
reconciliation efforts now here's an
analysis of the recent developments the
camp is home to more than 54 000
registered refugees it was created for
Palestinians who were driven out or fled
during the 1948 war that coincided with
Israel's creation
now the mainstream faction father and
islamists are up in arms hundreds of
residents of the main Palestinian camp
in Lebanon fled is fighting rage Dawn
for a third day on Monday the warring
groups fired rocket-propelled grenades
at each other in the crowded alleys of
the camp both sides blamed each other
the fighting wreaked a ceasefire wrecked
a cease-fired rival between rival
Palestinian groups here the ceasefire
included representators from the
pro-iranian Hezbollah group and its Ally
shayad Amal movement that holds way in
southern Lebanon Palestinian sources say
the fighting on Saturday was triggered
by a security clampdown by father
against islamists remember fatah is the
main faction in the camp here
rival Palestinian political leaders
meeting in Egypt decided on Sunday to
form a committee on intra-palestinian
reconciliation president Abbas and Hamas
leader Ismail honey met for a rare
face-to-face talks in the coastal city
of al-alamin along with representatives
of most political factions Palestinian
president announced the formation of a
committee to continue the dialogue and
divisions achieve Palestinian national
Unity the attempt aims to bridge the gap
between parallel governments of Hamas
and Gaza Strip and of the Palestinian
Authority controlled by abbasa
secularist father movement which
administers area of the West Bank
Hamas which won the Palestinians last
legislative polls held in 2006 has
repeatedly called for general elections
the Palestinian president said I'm
quoting here we must return to a single
state a single system a single law and a
single legitimate Army here
[Music]