Gaza is facing a humanitarian crisis as
Israel launches more Air Raids and
prepares for ground Invasion
Palestinians in Gaza scrambling to find
fuel shelter and food India Today is
reporting from the IP center of the war
Gaza take a look at our ground
report
ranked tall blocks
flattened the ruins of what was a giant
structure in Gaza not long ago as you
see not only the mosque was totally
damaged but other nearby vir very close
home to this MOS has been partially
damaged because of the Israeli strike on
the mosque and the neighborhood in
general this one of the closest homes to
the mosque that was partially damaged by
the raid on the mosque 2 million
residents running out of food fuel
electricity and water in the Under Siege
Gaza
stream many lost their homes their dear
ones to incessant bombings by isra isi
War
ples many others trying to find a safe
shelter in un school buildings as ground
attacks by Israeli forces look
imminent this is a forest story building
the forest story building of one of the
neighbors of ibraim that this
destruction of such a building has uh
affected aim's apartment just nearby and
this is one actually of the uh let me
say hundreds maybe hundreds of buildings
residential homes that have been
destroyed either completely or partially
by the Israeli War Plaines over the past
6 days of intensive sporadic Israeli a
strikes on the Gaza Strip India Today
reporting from inside Gaza where a
massive humanitarian crisis has unfolded
amidst fears Israeli retaliation to
hamas's Saturday
incursions this is what remains of a
bombed building from
inside the death toll in Gaza Rose to
1,200 early Thursday according to the UN
the number of people displaced by the
Israeli air strikes has soared to
339,000 India today bringing you
comprehensive coverage of the Israel
Hamas war from both sides the latest
developments and the human cost of the
conflict with Rami almari from Gaza
Bureau report India
today