a top Focus now according to Palestine
over 200 have died in Gaza while 250
were killed in Israel as 5,000 Rockets
were fired by militant group Hamas in a
surprise attack now Israel declared war
against Hamas wowing to event the fierce
attack and launched air strikes as well
now Israel prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu said his country is at War and
that Hamas will pay an unprecedented
price now in a video message he said and
I quote citizens of Israel we are at War
this is not an operation not an
escalation This Is War and will win is
what he says he also says Hamas will pay
an unprecedented price now over 5,000
Rockets pierced the sky towards israil
as loud sirens blade across the country
on a festive holiday morning the
country's Defense Forces also alleged
infiltration by Hamas militant whom they
consider terrorists the paragliders were
used in the attack and cars passing by
were fired on by the missiles that have
that you can see on the visuals the
Indian Embassy in Israel also has now
asked its citizens to remain Vigilant
and observe safety protocols as well as
advised by local authorities there the
Prime Minister Modi has said and I quote
we stand in solidarity with Israel at
this difficult hour this also comes as
United States says they unequivocally
condemn the attack and quote unquote by
mass terrorists against Israel with
President Biden declaring Rock Solid and
unwavering support for Israel listening
to the political
reactions
sh
for
in this moment of tragedy I want to say
to them and to the world and to
terrorists everywhere that the United
States stands with Israel we will not
ever fail to have their back we'll make
sure that they have the help their
Citizens need and they can continue to
defend
themselves