at least 300 people were killed after a
Gaza Hospital came under attack many are
feared to be trapped under the rle Hamas
has called this attack a genocide even
as Israel denies any role behind the
strike following the deadly air strike
Palestinian president mmud abas has
declared 3 days of mourning for the
victims injured men women and children
are being carried to Gaza City's alifa
Hospital which is 1.5 km away from
alahari Arabi
Hospital Palestinian civil defense has
called the bombing on Al Ali Hospital
Israel's deadliest a strike since
2008 Israel Defense Forces have blamed
the strike on Hamas saying that a
barrage of rockets was fired by
terrorists in Gaza passing in close
proximity to the early Hospital in Gaza
at the time it was hit the IDF has also
released a footage perpet backing the
claim the IDF maintains that the attack
to be the responsibility of Islamic
Jihad now for more on this our principal
diplomatic correspondent sidhant siil
has sent us this report take a
[Music]
look well situation remains dangerous
and fluid here on the ground in Israel
now the US President Joe Biden travels
to the country later today in a show
solidarity and support but his visit
comes at a time when uh major explosion
has happened in Gaza at a hospital that
has of course worsened the humanitarian
situation but angered many countries
many Islamic countries in the region now
essentially uh the Palestinians are
blaming Israel for the attack saying
it's because of the rocket attacks from
Israel while Israel has been saying now
that it was a failed rocket attack by
Islamic Jihad towards Israel that led to
the explosion but in the fog of War
Nobody Knows the actual story but all in
all if I can talk about Tav this city
has come under several rocket attacks
even more than one week after the Hamas
Tera attack so essentially situation is
precarious and concerning right now here
in Israel and worry is if the situation
can become much more dangerous with
video journalist sanjit sidan ible for
Von in Tel Aviv
[Music]
Israel