Britain's relations with Israel these
days may sound confusing to some but
Israeli Premier Benyamin Netanyahu was
very clear as he headed to London and
then Washington he wants to seize what
he calls diplomatic
opportunities the opportunities stem
from the fact that there's a new
Administration in Washington and a new
government in Britain I intend to speak
with both of them about tightening
relations between each side in Israel
and
trilaterally
hours after Jewish settlers were evicted
from an illegal Outpost Israel said it
would create the First new settlement in
the occupied West Bank since the late
1990s the country has approved the
construction of 6,000 new settlement
homes since US president Donald Trump
took office Netanyahu would certainly
like to see Britain become a key Ally
just like the new US
Administration but not so long ago in
December Britain voted in favor of the
UN resolution condemning Israeli
settlements in the West Bank the vote
enraged Israel but also Trump who warned
in a tweet that things would change at
the UN from the very first day of his
presidency his administration later
clarified that while the US no longer
sees Israeli settlements as an obstacle
to peace it does not consider them
helpful either Teresa may for her part
went as far as scolding former Secretary
of State John Kerry for a speech
criticizing Israeli
policy Israel saw this as a welcome
change of tone the US has always been
its closest Ally whereas Europe has been
more critical now Netanyahu might enjoy
even stronger support from Washington
and win the backing of post brexit
Britain in January Britain refused to
send a highlevel delegation to a middle
east peace conference organized in Paris
it voiced concern that the meeting would
only exacerbate
tensions it also snubbed the closing
declaration by 70 countries that
stressed only a two-state solution could
resolve the Israeli Palestinian
conflict just as Britain works on its
divorce from the European Union many see
in its new coziness with Trump and
Israel a way to keep warm in an
uncertain post brexit
world