well to today president CCE of Egypt had
a meeting with the French for Minister
as well and then he reiterated in that
meeting that uh Egypt once Aid to be
allowed into Gaza and there yesterday
the US Secretary of State blinkin was in
Cairo also to talk with President Cece
and um then reports came out that there
was some sort of deal to open the border
on the one hand for eight from Egypt
coming into Gaza on the other hand for
the foreign Nationals stuck in Gaza to
get out into Egypt um but then these
conflicting reports emerged and nany's
office said like no uh the border is
still closed there's no agreement um and
yeah Egypt foreign minister later said
that indeed Israel has not allowed the
border to be opened for humanitarian Aid
and and Egypt Egypt needs that
permission for Israel both like that
they they they coordinating with Israel
and the us but also Israel has struck
the Border uh post a few times earlier
this week or last week actually um so
Egypt once guarantees that once this
eight is going to transported into Gaza
if the Border opens that this border
crossing is not going to be targeted
that that this this Aid is not being
targeted um and so far it seems like
they have not agreed on this yet for
this to happen uh so hundreds of trucks
full of eight uh coming from Egypt
itself coming from the World Health
Organization coming from foreign
countries that want to send Aid to Gaza
are still stuck at that border point and
and yeah as far as we know cannot enter
yet so what about what's in those trucks
I mean if we're talking about hundreds
of trucks I imagine there is a lot of
food in there is there anything
perishable things that could go to
waste o i i i i don't have a precise
detail on the precise uh uh things that
it contain I know like we're talking
about fuel fuel is needed uh for uh
electricity power stations in GA in Gaza
to run uh we're talking about water
about medical supplies um talking about
uh uh food uh emergency relief body bags
for for the the the the death in Raza um
yeah this this kind of emergency aid and
emergency relief there is is uh is
what's in there all right Edward thank
you very much Ed Cruzan there reporting
from Cairo