the images of Aid being dropped into
Gaza might look spectacular the truth is
it's not nearly enough as famine stalks
the strip this is the only way of
getting any sort of supplies to the
millions of people in D in need of help
in Gaza City people run through the
streets looking for anything they
can there's a lack of control in
distributing the aid this is the
responsibility of the entire
International Community it's LED people
to behave in this way trucks have
trampled on people tanks trampled on
people and shells descended among the
people machine guns were fired over
people's heads does this satisfy anyone
whole SES of this territory are
completely cut off from food the few
functioning hospitals that remain
already overwhelmed by wounded are now
filling with children starving to death
this video recorded on Saturday shows
yasan alfana shortly before he succumbed
to hunger the United Nations has warned
that people like him are being
intentionally starved by Israel UNICEF
the un's children's agency has warned of
an explosion of children dying from a
lack of food those in Northern Gaza are
said to be most at risk a joint Mission
with the UN and the World Health
Organization rushed to deliver a small
amount of Aid to the region Sunday Aid
operations across the strip have been
hampered overnight on Monday the head of
UN Palestinian refugee agency anra
warned the organization wouldn't be able
to operate much longer 16 countries have
paused funding for anra over allegations
about its staff involvement in the
October 7th attack on Israel that killed
1200 we are functioning hand to
mouth without additional funding we will
be in Uncharted
Territory with serious implication for
Global Peace and
security the fate of the agency and the
millions of people who depend on it hung
in the
balance amid all of this Israel's
military assault on Gaza continues to
kill scores of Palestinians daily video
from gaza's Health Ministry showed what
it said were the bodies of dead and
wounded being taken to the European
Hospital in carun after an Israeli air
strike a ceasefire here is desperately
needed to save lives without
significantly more Aid
even that won't save everyone Jo Flyn
trt world