the first day of the fifth month of
Israel's war on Gaza started as it began
in paralyzing shock and unimaginable
grief it's been over a day since Israeli
forces indiscriminately shot into a
crowd of Aid seeking Palestinians and
it's clear this is a scar that will be
written into
history what is happening to us is
unjust it is unfair we are people who
just want to leave and eat why was he
targeted he went to get f for his
children this young man went to get a
bag of flour just like everyone who was
shot and
killed at a different hospital the same
screams the same
desperation most of the treatments that
are needed for the injured are almost
unavailable we are now working with a
bare minimum also medical supplies are
scarce it's likely the hundreds injured
on Thursday could die in the days to
come with almost nothing and no one to
treat them the Israeli military released
this footage of the attack claiming
Palestinians were shot because they
quote posed a threat to troops segments
of the Israeli public celebrated the
massacre which came hours before dozens
of Israelis stormed the Gaza border
demanding a return to Jewish settlements
we came here to declare that the day
after this war is over we must settle we
must spread Jewish towns all over the
Gaza Strip because without that it's
going to become a hornet's nest despite
the domestic reaction in Israel un
officials appeared Furious that
Palestinians could be killed while
seeking Aid the organization has long
mounted pressure on Israel to establish
safe and plentiful Aid mechanisms we
don't know exactly I mean as far as
we're concerned we don't know exactly
what happened but whether people were uh
were shot uh and and died as a result of
Israeli gunfire whether they were they
were crushed by a crowd whether they
were um run over by uh by by trucks
these are all acts of violence in a
sense due to this conflict but 5 months
in and 30,000 deaths later Palestinians
seem despondent and more isolated by the
International Community than ever before
priyan naani trt world