overnight Israel responding to Iran's
First Direct attack on the country
striking inside Iran Matt Gutman is in
Tel Aviv tracking the latest Force good
morning
Matt hey good morning Michael for
several hours overnight as we learned of
those explosions in Iran there were
significant concern of an allout War
erupting between Israel and Iran but as
the sun came up in the region Iran
started downplaying the attack calling
it very limited and Israeli government
and military officials not talking about
it at all
overnight a senior Us official telling
ABC News Israel firing back at Iran
video posted online showing air defense
weapons fired over Isfahan the first
reports of explosions in two locations
in Iran Just Before Sunrise Iranian
State media reporting a drone attack
near Isfahan which houses military bases
and research and development sites the
international atomic energy Association
confirming there was no damage to
Iranian nuclear sites in the city and
there were no reports of casualties
overnight flights to tan Isfahan and
Shan were suspended but have since
resumed and Iranian media soon switching
to showing video of business as usual in
Isfahan Syrian State media also
reporting that Israel targeted its air
defenses in the country's South for days
Israel which has not taken credit for
the explosions wait its response to
Iran's attack Saturday when more than
300 drones and missiles were launched
towards several targets throughout
Israel the vast majority of them
intercepted
this morning Iran not blaming Israel
directly saying infiltrators were behind
the
attack and it's one reason Iran is now
hinting that there will be no reprisal
and it doesn't seem that Israel at this
point is expecting one its home front
command issuing no new guidelines to
civilians I had a very busy holiday
weekend here and we should note that
that massive missile Salvo from Iran
last Saturday Iran saying that was in
response to an Israeli air strike in
Damascus that killed multiple Iranian
Commanders ERS earlier this month Whit
all right Matt Gutman for us thank you