Gaza is on the brink most UN shelters
have run out of water there is no
electricity the internet has been shut
down medical supplies are running
perilously low and hospitals are turning
into
mogs with every passing day life in Gaza
is becoming tougher and
tougher finding clean drinking water in
the Gaza Strip is a
challenge
people are forced to stand in long lines
for hours as Israel has stopped water
supply to more than 2.3 million
gazin people are forced to drink salt
water to
survive now we are filling in salt water
I'm ready to drink this
water what else can we do we we are
forced to do
this Muhammad has been volunteering to
fill in canisters with salt water from a
public tap and deliver them on a rick
Shore to
families because of the large number of
people inside the camp there is no water
so I thought I would volunteer come with
a Ria and carry the water from the far
away areas the dangerous areas where
there are agricultural lands and it's
near the occupation in front of the
empty
lands supply of food medicine and power
are also
hit Health officials in the Gaza Strip
are storing the bodies of Palestinians
killed in Israeli air strikes in ice
cream freezer
trucks
Alexa Marty Hospital in Al Bala is
suffering from a severe lack of
equipment the hospital MOG can only take
10 bodies so we have brought in ice
cream freezers from the ice cream
factories in order to store the huge
number of Mars coming in Daily even with
these freezers the number exceeds the
capacity of this main MOG of the
hospital in alternative ones and between
20 and 30 bodies are being kept in t to
the hospital this Hospital itself will
will possibly break down with a
situation getting dire in terms of the
needs and essential supplies needed by
the hospital this is a part of an
integral part of the of how is the image
in Gaza for the time being H especially
for gaza's
hospitals over 4 lak gazin have left
their homes to move towards the South as
Israel prepares for a possible ground
Invasion these civilians are paying the
price of a war they did not
start with Rami almari in Gaza Strip
Bureau report India
today