[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
w
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
our position is that hamash should not
be allowed a safe haven and Rafa or
anywhere else but a major ground
operation there would be a mistake it
would lead to more innocent civilian
deaths worsen the already dire
humanitarian crisis deepen the Anarchy
in Gaza and further isolate Israel
internationally more importantly the key
goals Israel wants to achieve in Rafa
can be done by other
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
means
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
a
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
w
on the call today President Biden asked
the prime minister to send a senior
inter agency team composed of military
intelligence and humanitarian officials
to Washington in the coming days to hear
us concerns about Israel's current Rafa
planning and to lay out an alternative
approach that would Target key Hamas
elements in Rafa and secure the Egypt
Gaza border without a major ground
Invasion the Prime Minister agreed that
he would send a team obviously he has
his own point point of view on a RAF
operation but he agreed that he would
send a team to Washington to have this
discussion and have this engagement and
we look forward to those
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
discussions
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
w
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
the
[Music]
[Applause]
Our intention is
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
for
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
oh
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
a
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
a