hello and welcome back thanks for
staying with us now we are getting a
breaking input from the Israel Hamas war
zone where Israel's primee Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu has called for Hamas
operatives to lay down their arms saying
the Palestinian groups end was near and
as the war in the Gaza Strip raged more
than 2 months after it began Netanyahu
has said in a statement that refering to
the chief of the Hamas in the Gaza Strip
the war is still ongoing but it is the
beginning of the end of Hamas and I say
to the Hamas terrorists it's over don't
die for sver surrender now so these are
the latest details that we are getting
in and that's a word coming in from
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu now joining us on the
broadcast is our colleague Abhishek ja a
very good morning abishek Israel PM is
calling on Hamas to surrender now what
should we be expecting is will this be
the end of the Israel Hamas
conflict well last night we saw Hamas
had also said that no no hostages will
walk out alive from Gaza if the SE
father is not announced for Israel now
the Israeli Prime Minister has said that
they do not need to die for Sinar the
Hamas leader and if they do not
surrender uh the death for them is
eventually going to happen so Israel
prime minister has said that there are
number of Hamas fighters who have
already surrendered and so the more
Hamas people who have been still
fighting and who have not laid down
their weapons if they surrender they
will have a chance to live and uh the
the fight which is going at an extreme
level now with with Israeli forces
pounding entire Gaza almost North Gaza
has been uh you know demolished all the
infrastructure has been demolished and
uh the condition of living is not
sustainable now in Gaza because of the
continuous uh you know counter offence
from the Israeli side that has crippled
the entire infrastructure in Gaza and
the people in Gaza are now wanting a lot
of humanitarian in the wake of the
entire crisis uh the the Israeli Prime
Minister comments are going to means
that the counter offens will continue to
go on until and unless all the Hamas
soldiers or all the Hamas Fighters do
not surrender or the entire in network
ofas is not demolished right thank you
so much abishek for all those details
we'll keep coming back to the story as
day progresses and we get more inputs in
this