I've spent a fair bit of time with the
family over the past few weeks I was
with them just yesterday and they were
as you would expect desperately waiting
for news they were confused and very
upset as to why their family had not yet
been released uh and they were trying to
digest and understand the news that it
was the belief that Hamas had passed uh
their family onto another group in Gaza
so it has been just the most awful time
for them as it has been for other
hostage families awaiting the release of
their relatives but now the news this
afternoon from the alasan brigades which
is the military wing of Hamas that the
family were killed in an air strike at
some stage now I really should add some
um pretty heavy caveats to this firstly
the IDF have said they're looking into
it they have not confirmed it and I have
spok to the IDF and they say they will
get back to us on that secondly there
have been occasions in the last week or
so when hostages who had PR previously
been declared dead by one or more armed
groups in Gaza actually turned out not
to have died and have subsequently been
released and I'm sure that that is uh
something that the family will be
Clinging On to uh tonight but it comes
as this truce as it currently stands is
getting close to the end if no extension
is agreed tonight we expect 10 more
Israelis and possibly two foreign
Nationals to be released from Gaza in
return uh Israel will release 30
Palestinians from Israeli jails and then
the mediations behind the scenes are
continuing to try and see that it is
extended the
isres believe that there are many more
women and children in Gaza uh enough at
least to extend the truce by two to
three more days if Hamas would agree to
release them Hamas have said they are
willing to end the truth I think the
Israelis would like to extend the truth
but the conditions have to be right