this was a memorable day in Washington
for a few reasons
most of them revolve around the u.s.
president slow burn over the impeachment
inquiry hour after hour online and on TV
his mood darkened into a full meltdown
CTV's Washington bureau chief joy Melvin
has the story and a warning it contains
some profane language from the President
himself
it's clear the US president is angry
agitated and lashing out it's a scam
it's a scam
bullying insults shifty shift we'll call
him shifty shift for nothing
attacking Democrat Adam Schiff who's
spearheading the impeachment inquiry he
should resign from office in disgrace
and frankly they should look at him for
treason Trump accuses shift without any
evidence of helping right the
whistleblowers complained that launched
this investigation I think it's a
scandal that he knew before I go a step
further I think he probably helped write
it the whistleblower did ask shifts
committee for guidance before filing the
complaint that matches the transcript of
the call released by the White House
where the president presses Ukraine's
leader for an investigation into Trump's
political rival Joe Biden and his son
the whistleblower was so dishonest this
country has to find out who that person
was because that person is a spy and
while Finland's President was watching
all of this you want a subpoena here you
go take him like that cookies Trump
continued to vent when asked what he
wanted to know from Ukraine's president
about the Biden's look Biden and his son
are stone-cold crooked what did you want
President zalenski to do with regard to
Joe and hunter Biden are you talking to
me
did you hear what you hear me yes ask
him a question I will but my even you a
long answer ask a question don't be rude
calling the media corrupt Trump angrily
denied he did anything wrong tweeting a
profanity blasting the do-nothing
Democrats and calling the investigation
[ __ ] I think the president knows the
argument that can be made against him
and he's scared
and Democrats are playing hardball
accusing the administration of
stonewalling and threatening legal
action if the White House doesn't hand
over key documents in the Ukraine call
by Friday Lisa all right join Melvin at
the White House tonight thank you joy