and now shifting focus our continuous
coverage of the ongoing Israel Hamas War
well the head of Israeli intelligence
David bana is reportedly attending fresh
truce talks in Qatar mad Chief is likely
to hold talks with Qatari prime minister
and also Egyptian officials to fill in
the remaining gaps in the Israel and
hamas's seas fire deal and this comes
after Hamas abandoned key ceasefire
demands for following a series of
setbacks in the ongoing War well the
talks will Mark the first time that both
Israel and Hamas would join indirect
negotiations since the start of the holy
month of
Ramadan Israel has adamantly ruled out a
permanent ceasefire and insists that it
will resume its declared goal of
destroying Hamas a diplomat familiar
with ceasefire negotiations says efforts
are moving in a positive direction but
they are not there yet meanwhile
opposition leader Yar Leed reached the
hostages Square he later took to social
media and said that no deal will be an
easy one but a deal that brings the
hostages home is worth the price and
will receive a full backing there is no
Victory without them returning we cannot
move forward without them being home
negotiators are still hopeful to attain
a six week season fire in Gaza so that
the humanitarian Aid enters the war tone
territory well the main UN agency
operating in Gaza has already warned
that acute malnutrition is rising more
quickly in the north of the Gaza Strip
unra has said that one in three children
under the age of two in Northern Gaza
they are now acutely
malnourished 5 months into the Gaza War
Israeli Prime Minister has now approved
plans for the country's looming
offensive in Rafa where over 1 million
Palestinians are situated German
Chancellor Olaf schz who is on a two-day
visit to to West Asia has also voiced
concerns about an assault on
Rafa
[Music]
for