flying in the face of 30 years of u.s
policy
against the recommendations and advice
of most of the world
and defying the un
trump decides to declare jerusalem as
israel's capital this is a huge shift in
america's policy in the middle east and
it could be the kiss of death to any
two-state solution or peace plan most of
jerusalem's been under an illegal
israeli occupation for over 50 years
and now america is not only legitimizing
that occupation but rewarding it with
this recognition
since the oslo accords america's
so-called neutrality has really been
essential to its role as a mediator in
the middle eastern peace process now
that they're siding with the occupiers
they can never be seen as unaligned
again
if a peace plan ever continues trump may
have just disqualified the us from
having any part of it whatsoever and
where is saudi arabia in all of this the
so-called defender of palestine and
islam and muslims everywhere netanyahu's
former aides said the saudis don't care
about palestine
as long as they get israel's help
against iran these palestinians
christians and muslims have been holding
out for a peaceful solution to their
illegal occupation for decades now
according to one palestinian negotiator
trump's recognition would be
international anarchy and disrespect for
global institutions and law
this move could destabilize the entire
region
and trump's doing it with a smile is
trump's action
making america the most dangerous nation
on earth as everyone else moves away
from burning fossil fuels for energy
into cheaper safer renewable energy
trump is pushing coal and pulling
america out of the paris agreement
while other countries are rallying to
protect their national parks
trump is giving his away to oil and gas
drilling trump's candidacy and
presidency have always been
controversial breaking international
norms of what a leader is supposed to
act like jerusalem is just the latest in
a long list of foreign affairs blunders
but
this may have the farthest reaching
consequences