the success of the 4 day troops in
Israel Hamas war is prompting many world
leaders to call for making it a
permanent ceasefire in Gaza Jordan's
foreign minister hoped a meeting of
Mediterranean officials in Spain due
later this week will help bridge the
Arab European divide in calling for a
humanitarian pause in Gaza he said that
the truth was holding up but more
efforts are needed to bring at least 208
trucks daily into the Gaza
Strip what we're working for is for this
supposed to uh develop into immediately
to develop into a permanent ceasefire uh
inherent in the agreement that allowed
for this humanitarian pose is uh an
agreement that would extend it should
more uh civilians be released uh we
support this uh we have clearly
supported that civilians be released uh
US President Joe Biden also said that
his main goal is to keep the boss going
beyond the present phase in order to
facilitate the release of of more
hostages that's my goal that's our goal
to keep this pause going Beyond tomorrow
so that we can continue to see more
hostages come out and surge more
humanitarian relief into into those in
who in need in Gaza I'd like to see the
pause go on as long as prisoners kept
coming out US Secretary of State Anthony
linkoln said on social media platform X
and I quote him here I spoke with
Egyptian foreign minister to thank Egypt
for its partnership in reaching a
hostage deal foreign minister Katherine
Colona said that France hopes that
Israel Hamas truth last till all
hostages are freed so far no French
hostage have been released and Kona told
French media and I quote her here we
demand the release of our hostages and
all the hostages it would be good
helpful and necessary for the truths to
be extended to this end
unquote German president was in
Jerusalem as part of a two-day State
visit and at the invitation of Israeli
president
now the German president reiterated the
German stance that Israel has a right to
defend itself adding that the ceasefire
was necessary to ensure humanitarian Aid
got through to
Gaza
[Music]
for