the Hamas terrorist only have two
possibilities either to die fighting the
IDF or to surrender with no
[Music]
[Music]
terms
[Music]
[Music]
calls for a ceasefire our calls for
Israel to surrender to Hamas to
surrender to terrorism to surrender to
barbarism that will not happen Hamas is
holding over 200 Israeli hostages
including 33 children holding them
terrorizing them keeping them as
hostages every Civilized Nation should
stand with Israel in demanding that
these hostages be freed immediately and
freed
unconditional the Hamas terrorists only
have two
possibilities either to die fighting the
IDF or to surrender with no terms
there's no third
possibility both the terrorist in the
field to the leader of Hamas we are
going to get there we're going to
perform our missions and we'll do
it in order to cause that this murderous
organization will not exist any more its
infrastructure will be dismantled and
also of course to bring back home the
hostages including small children and
elderly women and of course a very large
group of hostages of all
[Music]
ages what the changes in India's
population and the differential growth
rate rationals about why it's not ending
what's your rationale we have a very
special guest on the rec the interview
the role that the US side played at that
point of
timee my phone is tapped I can probably
say hello to Mr
mod Pakistan has a unique negotiating
Rising confidence of India under prime
minister Narendra Modi communist China
is the Great threat there will come a
day that we will see far more radical
extremist I'm uh I'm still a little
perplexed by why we
have your daily dose of news from India
and across the world Cutting Edge views
and
Analysis tune in to HT videos click on
the Bell icon to
subscribe