peace process South Africa is recalling
diplomats from Israel its foreign
minister said on Monday amid Rising
civilian casualties in Gaza n lady
pandor described the recall as normal
practice in order to provide you with a
full briefing so that you can make a
determination as to whether there is any
potential for you to be of
assistance uh and whether the continued
relationship is actually uh uh able to
be be sustained in all uh uh terms South
Africa which does not have an ambassador
in Israel has long been an advocate for
peace in the Middle East it has rallied
behind Palestinians likening their
plight to its own under aarid and we
believe the nature uh of response by
Israel has become uh one of collective
punishment which Falls fully outside of
the practice of international
humanitarian iian and international
human rights
law over
1,400 people were killed by Hass
militants in a deadly October 7th attack
on Southern Israel South Africa has
condemned the assault and called for a
return of
hostages more than 10,000 Palestinians
including more than 4,000 children have
been killed since the War Began
according to health authorities in Hamas
controlled Gaza during during a Cairo
peace Summit last month South African
president sirel Raposa called on
countries to not supply weapons to
either side the foreign Ministry has
urged the United Nations to deploy
forces to protect civilians in
Gaza pandor was speaking as she hosted
her Ukrainian counterpart demitro kouba
in Petoria she said there had been
progress in two of the 10 points tabled
during an African Peace initiative aimed
at ending the conflict between Russia
and Ukraine those are the return of
children to Ukraine and a continued
exchange of prisoners the minister did
not provide any further
details