war between Israel and Hamas
intensifies over 5,000 casualties on
both
sides focus on Egypt's Rua
Crossing what is Egypt's role in the
war how has Egypt maintained relations
with Israel and
Palestine as the war between Israel and
Hamas continues a lot of attention has
been drawn to Egypt due to its strategic
location and its diplomatic
relationships Egypt shares border with
both Israel and Gaza Egypt has asserted
that its priority is to end the violence
and provide humanitarian assistance to
the Palestinians trapped in Gaza
historically Egypt has carefully managed
its relationship with Israel and
Palestine notably Egypt was the first
Arab country to make peace with Israel
in 1978 after several Wars with the
Jewish State while maintaining
diplomatic ties with Israel Egypt has
consistently advocated for the rights of
Palestinians considering their cause
Central in Arab and Islamic context
currently the spotlight is on Egypt's
management of the Rafa Crossing one of
the two land routes out of the Gaza
Strip on the Gaza side hundreds of
people have gathered at the Rafa border
crossing hoping to leave Gaza before an
expected Israeli ground offensive on the
Egyptian side there are hundreds of
truck carrying urgently needed Aid and
several Aid convoys of on their way to
the Border however an agreement to open
the crossing has not been reached and
there have been reports of Israeli air
strikes targeting in recent days Egypt
is wary of insecurity near the border
with Gaza in northeastern Sali where it
faced an Islamic Insurgency that peaked
after 2013 and has now largely been
suppressed while Egypt appears prepared
to reopen the Rafa Crossing for foreign
passport holders and humanitarian Aid
there are concerns about a potential
massive influx of Palestinian refugees
fleeing the conflict Egypt already hosts
300,000 un registered refugees from
various countries and has seen an
additional 317,000 refugees arriving due
to the conflict in neighboring Sudan
therefore the government may have
concerns about hosting a large number of
newly displaced people from Gaza for an
extended
period if you like this video then like
share and subscribe to mirror now
[Music]