few days after a palestinian family was
forcefully evicted from their home by
israeli police in the sensitive east
jerusalem neighborhood of sheikh jarrah
protests have now broken out in the area
with palestinians and human rights
activists demonstrating
is
supporters of the palestinian salihe
family were seen holding pictures of the
family by the ruins of their house many
held banners and raised slogans in
support of the evicted palestinian
family visuals on your screen show
israeli forces were seen pushing
protesters from the site of the house
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
we can't accept their racism and
occupation here in israel we demonstrate
about the racism about uh
the settlements that are not you know
that at the settlement in israel and we
are not going to stop until the
settlement will stop and the occupation
between israeli forces and the
palestinian protesters took place after
the israeli police raided the house of
the palestinian family in the flashpoint
neighborhood of sheikh jarrah on january
19. remember the laid
or the raid was launched two days after
a member of the salhia family threatened
to blow it up with gas canisters if they
were forced out by police had withdrawn
then
they returned once again on january 19
saying it was carried out
through court orders since the building
was situated on grounds designated for
school for children with special needs a
tree-lined area of sun stones homes and
foreign consulates as of now the
family's case is being monitored by
diplomats and rights activists a sheikh
jarrah has become an emblem of what
palestinians regard as an israeli
campaign to force them out of east
jerusalem
[Music]
we on is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move