as Israel's brutal attack on Gaza
entered its third month un Secretary
General Antonio guz was sending the
security Council a rarely used article
99 letter basically saying they've
neglected the crisis the Secretary
General urges the members of the
security Council to press to avert a
humanitarian catastrophe and he appeals
for humanitarian ceasefire to be
declared 2023 has seen the continued
limitations of UN diplomacy as a surge
of military coups swept across Africa
fighting escalated in Ukraine and most
recently Israel's bombardment of Gaza in
each case the world looked to Mr gues to
intervene and head off a
catastrophe Antonio
gues has not been a lucky man he spent
most of his first term cohabiting with
the Trump Administration and he spent
his second term dealing with Russia's
aggression against Ukraine horrible
crises in Africa including the collapse
of sdan and now the situation in Gaza
Antonio Guera serves at the pleasure of
the security Council and the general
assembly appointed him but lately he has
come under more scrutiny because of the
Middle East crisis with Israel's un
Envoy calling for his resignation in the
last two days the Secretary General
engaged in a series of calls to seven
foreign ministers including US Secretary
of State Anthony blinken to shore up
support for a permanent cease fire ER I
think that it's a sign of how desperate
he feels the situation is that he is
willing to put some of his own political
credibility on the line and put his
State as the Secretary General on the
line you could expect the Secretary
General to be at work tomorrow um and
until the end of his mandate Antonio guz
was reelected to a second 5-year term in
2021 and right now it's an unenviable
position for the leading Diplomat and
the world to be in Frankie cardo trt
world the United Nations
[Music]
so