uh exclusive conversation with Manoj
yadav General Secretary forward Seaman
Union of India on the situation that is
prevalent in the Red Sea post the
attacks on vessels coming to India and
he's talked about the sentiment as far
as the seamen are concerned also
attaching advisory of international
bargaining Forum let's first listen to
this
[Music]
conversation Mr yadov we have been doing
and perhaps we have also been seeing
what's happening in Red Sea especially
in Gulf of Eden and The Ships coming
towards India in fact two of the three
of the ships have been uh attacked uh by
by by militant groups of the co coast of
Yemen do you have any advisory uh issued
for the seamen or does any International
Authority uh organization has come up
with an any sort of an advisory for seen
uh taking Voyage Through Gulf of Eden we
have already uh advisory for the war
zone area now it has been declared as a
war zone area
where are free to choose whether they
want to go or they want to back foot in
say for sing in the war like area and
they will get the additional benefit for
the same but it is really big thread
where
the especially when this drone attack
was done on this chemical tanker uh just
on Saturday I believe
do you think that this problem will will
be solved soon because till now that
particular area used to be considered as
a safe Zone but because of the ongoing
war between Israel and Gaza this is
happening in fact rajat Singh has also
issued a statement saying that they are
going to India is going to go after the
people responsible for a drone attack
the Mariners are
always away from the existing citizen of
existing benefit from the other c as
compared to the CI but we welcome the
statement Ofna s but we want to see that
to be that to be
implemented well with that we' have come
to an end to this bulletin but stay
tuned to CNN news8 through the day as we
keep bringing you all the latest updates
and the top stories right here on the
other side thank you for watching