and the fact is that whatever the Rights
and Wrongs of the issue there is the
underlying issue of the rights of the
Palestinians and the fact that they have
been denied their
[Music]
[Music]
Homeland look in a way how
different the pulls and pressures can be
on the one hand what happened on October
7th was
terrorism on the other hand nobody would
you know countenance the deaths of
innocent
civilians countries may be uh may be uh
Justified at least in their own minds
and responding but you cannot have a
response which does not uh uh you know
uh I mean every response must take into
account something called International
humanitarian law and the fact is that
whatever the Rights and Wrongs of the
issue there is the underlying issue of
the rights of the Palestinians and the
fact that they have been denied their
Homeland so I mean I'm taking that one
issue and I've given you five different
aspects of that issue and somewhere a
solution cannot be that I will pick two
out of the five and leave leave three
because you will not get a solution out
of that so uh the the point is you know
all of us who are in the uh I would say
the policy world who have to take those
calls we you know much of our challenge
is how do you get this balance
right
[Music]
oh
[Music]
what the changes in India's population
and the difference a very special guest
on the record the interview the the role
that the US side played at that point of
time zume my phone is tapped I can
Pakistan has a unique negotiating the
rising confidence of India under prime
minister Narendra Modi communist China
is the greatest threat there will come a
day that we will see far more radical
extremist I'm uh I'm still a little
perplexed by why your daily dose of news
from India and across the world Cutting
Edge views and
Analysis tune in to HT videos click on
the Bell icon to subsscribe