I have been relocated multiple times
over the course of 32 days up until now
uh first of all I went to kanun and then
came back to
Gaza uh after that uh my house was
damaged due to a bobbing uh near us we
went to my uh uncle's
house uh and we received many calls of
threat threatening threatening calls
from uh Israeli soldiers
and they told us you have exactly 4
hours to get out of the house so we went
out outside as like everyone else we
went
outside
um The Journey was was not even a
journey I can't consider it even a
journey it was basically torture uh we
went uh tanks were left and right they
were shooting uh everywhere near us uh
around us everywhere what made us leave
was bombing was terrorism from them we
did not decide to leave because we were
afraid for our lives we were afraid for
our lives but not as much as they hope
for we just couldn't live normally there
was no running water there is no clean
water for us to drink even no medicine
my mother's is uh is she has diabetes
she can't even find her
medicine my uncle is even uh diabetic
and plethora of other problems too
Health Care problems even if we want to
go to hospitals they bomb them we don't
know what to do exactly we saw limbs
baries thr left and right but we can do
anything even if we like we when we were
moving uh we would through the tanks and
everything we just held our IDs up did
nothing else and just bowed our head
Downs our heads down we saw dead animals
dead people did dead children they were
left and right and we I I can't move we
couldn't move we couldn't do anything
and we were so tired that we didn't we
couldn't even know what to do we just
knew we have to be here and and then we
can find something to maybe a shelter
maybe we can call some friends we can we
don't know what to do yet
unfortunately thanks for watching stay
updated about breaking news and top
stories on the NBC News app or follow us
on social
media