colleagues for mon the US is planning to
put forward a resolution for an
immediate ceasefire in Gaza to a vote of
the UN Security Council on Friday the
resolution text seen by Reuters says a
quote immediate and sustained ceasefire
lasting roughly 6 weeks would protect
civilians and allow for the delivery of
humanitarian assistance to The Enclave
where famine looms due to extreme food
shortages the new resolution also
expresses support for the ongoing peace
talks in qar mediated by the us Qatar
and Egypt negotiations there are focused
on a 6- we truce and the release of 40
Israeli hostages in return for hundreds
of jailed Palestinians in recent days
Israel has launched attacks on the AL
shifa Hospital in Gaza where it says
Hamas gunmen are holding out which the
militant group denies as it continues
its offensive on the hospital Israel
said it would send its spy Chief David
Baria to join peace talks in Cutter's
Capital Doha on Friday speaking in k on
Thursday US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin expressed cautious optimism the
talks would produce a deal we've been
working as you know with Egypt with cter
uh and with Israel to put a strong
proposal on the table um Hamas responded
to that uh negotiators continue to work
uh the gaps are narrowing uh and we're
continuing to push for an agreement in
Doha uh there's still difficult work to
get there but
I continue to believe uh it's possible
those against Washington has
traditionally shielded its longtime Ally
Israel at the UN earlier in the war the
US was averse to the word ceasefire and
vetoed measures that included calls for
an immediate truce but in recent weeks
the US has incrementally ramped up
pressure on Israel and the UN Security
Council resolution marks a further
toughening to pass in the security
Council a resolution needs at least nine
votes in favor and no veto by the us
France Britain Russia or
China