[Music]
un Secretary General Antonio gutterz
began the latest security council
meeting with another plea for a
ceasefire and a rebuke of Israel's
position on a two-state solution last
week's clear and repeated rejection of
the two-state solution at the highest
level of the Israeli government is
unacceptable this refusal and the denial
of the right to state to the Palestinian
people would indefinitely prolong a
conflict that has been become a major
threat to Global Peace and security as
expected Israel and Palestine clashed
over establishing a sovereign
Palestinian State for the leaders at the
helm in Israel the Palestinian people
are a People Too Many they do not see
our people as an empirical and political
reality to coexist with but as a
demographic threat to get rid of through
death displacement or subjugation
these are the choices they offer us
genocide ethnic cleansing or
aparti and for Israel's un Ambassador a
peaceful solution to the Middle East
crisis does not include
Hamas how can you call for a ceasefire
and mention a solution to the conflict
at the same time Hamas seeks to
annihilate Israel and if you support a
position that will leave Hamas in power
you cannot pretend to wish for a
solution to the conflict turkey's
foreign minister hakan fedan accused
Israel of genocide and inciting a war
that's affecting the entire region
Israel commits serious war crimes those
responsible must be held accountable to
restore faith in international law and
the rules-based
order we are seriously concerned with
the reports that Israel's war crimes in
Gaza May amount to genocide turkey
consistently warned about about the risk
of spill over now today that risk has
become reality Tuesday's security
council meeting did little to improve
chances of getting a binding ceasefire
resolution and what was notable was that
both the US and UK called for a
humanitarian pause not a permanent ceas
fire signaling no end to the Bloodshed
is yet Insight Frank Ardo trt world the
United
Nations
[Music]