and staying on with the continuous
coverage of the Israel Hamas war in the
latest Israel is advancing its war on
Gaza further south especially in Rafa
the Egypt Israel border well Israeli
Prime Minister Benin nany has said that
the Israeli military has been ordered to
operate in gaza's Rafa he also rejected
the latest offer made by Hamas for a
ceasefire to ensure the return of the
remaining hostages fears are mounting
over Israel's offenses
as there is no place safe in Rafa where
1.3 million displaced people are taking
Refuge a strike hit near the entrance to
a tent camp in Rafa causing panic among
the displaced Palestinians living
there
[Music]
deescalation and fast deescalation is
important for us to be done with what we
are living in we are very very tired of
the situation it is really difficult 120
days no food no water we are very
tired wounded gin were taken to hospital
after Israeli strikes on
gra
global leaders are cautioning on the
rising civilian casualties families of
the hostages are pressing the government
for another hostage deal while his
Coalition partners are against giving
any consessions to
Hamas now this their Fates are not the
only ones being torn apart in the Middle
East as a tornado of suffering that is
war continues to crush them and all
lives are equal invaluable in the eyes
of
France United Nations Secretary General
Antonia gutus said that he is especially
alarmed by rdf's advancement in Rafa
take a listen and I'm especially alarmed
by reports that the Israeli military
intends to focus next on Rafa where
hundreds of thousands of Palestinians
have been squeezed in a desperate search
for safety such an action would
exponentially increase what is already a
humanitarian nightmare with Untold
Regional
consequences the European Union also
expressed its deep concern over the
situation in Rafa senior EU officials
have issued a warning saying that unless
Israel and Hamas achieve a
truce unrest is likely to spread
throughout the
[Music]
region