now the attack by Iran on Israel in
response to the air strikes on the
Iranian Embassy in Damascus on the 1st
of April it's evoked strong Global
reactions un Chief Antonio gutus
strongly condemned the attack on Israel
has called for an immediate cessation of
hostilities warning that neither the
region nor the world can afford another
War the UN Security Council it's called
an emergency meeting scheduled at 800
p.m. GMT today to discuss the attack the
meeting comes at the beest Jad Eran the
Israeli ambassador to the United Nations
Israel has request requested the council
designate the Iranian revolutionary
guard Corp as a terrorist
organization US President Joe Biden has
taken to social media platform X stating
that he has met with his National
Security team for an update on Iran's
strike Biden has doubled down on the
United States Ironclad commitment to
Israel security against threats from
Iron from Iran and potential proxies in
the region now German Chancellor Olaf
schz has termed the ACT unjustifiable
highly responsible schles has warned
Iran that it risk further escalation and
has also confirmed that Germany is in
conversation with its G7 allies as the
situation develops British prime
minister Rishi sunak is also strongly
condemned the strikes as Reckless and
risking inflaming tensions and
destabilizing the region prime minister
sonak has gone further to state that
this attack once again demonstrates
Iran's intent on sewing chaos in its own
backyard much like his American
counterpart the British prime minister
has also doubled down on the UK's
support for Israel security along with
regional Partners such as Jordan and
Iraq condemnation over Iran's
escalations are also coming in from
other Western allies such as Canada
Spain Norway France Italy Netherlands
Denmark and the Czech
Republic for latest news download the
Von app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel