all right so let's start with the big
story that we tracking on beon at this
arm is the Spectre of a regional allout
conflict in West Asia closer than ever
before now what has happened in the last
12 odd hours is that explosions have
been heard or the Iranian city of
Isfahan and according to the Iranian
news agency this is what seems to have
happened the Israeli forces so far have
declined to publicly and forly comment
on this attack that has taken place in
the Iranian airspace but the fact is
that it has come pretty close following
Iran's retaliatory fire on the Israeli
territories all the weekend so where
does the region stand now will Iran
launch a Counter Strike if Israel
decides to attack are the Iranian
nuclear facilities under the radar and
Iran's on war in India iraj ilahi gave
this response to vion's sidan civil
listen it mhm uh sir will Iran counter
reti
if there is a strike by the Israelis now
because it looks from the reports coming
that they are looking to make strikes in
Iran I assure
you that any any military action against
Iran against territory of Iran against
the national interest of Iran will be
responded will be respond by Iranian
milit forces there are also reports that
they could look to make strikes on
Iranian nuclear installations what do
you have to say on that this question
has two aspect first of all you know
according to many rules of IA and
international law nuclear nuclear
infrastructure is safe should be safe
and should should not be targeted by
military operation if Israel do this it
is another
uh Invasion by invasion of the
international law by Israel this is one
point the second aspect is
that we
are the treat of Israel is not just
now we uh Israel has claimed and warned
about such this operation against
Iranian nuclear
facilities
we strongly and uh
we
are
retaliating in very strong response for
all the latest news download the Von app
And subscribe to our YouTube channel