[Music]
this is the last phone call 15-year-old
Lan hamay made to the red crescent it's
a tough call for Palestinian red
crescent workers to
[Music]
relive trapped in a car in Gaza with her
family she begged for help as she said
Israeli forces had opened firearm on
them they're shooting at us the tank is
next to me she can be heard saying on
the released
audio the red crescent says the teen and
five other family members were killed
but they are still trying to figure out
what happened to a six-year-old girl in
the car H RAB who also got on the line
for 3 hours red crescent workers tried
to keep her
calm dispatcher R alak key describes
how
the situation was bad she kept saying
Come And Get Me send someone to save me
she said it was getting dark I told her
if night falls and we still can't send a
team to try to close her eyes and
pretend we were playing hide and
seek to close your eyes and start
counting if you see a light or Dawn open
your
R the red crescent decided it was safe
enough to send an ambulance 4 hours
after the call began but it soon lost
contact with RAB as well as two crew
members days later there's still no news
about their fate the Israeli military
said it was not aware of the incident
after nearly 4 months of War under
intense Israeli bombardment red crescent
spokesperson nbal farac says calls like
this are all too
common Hind and Leon Story is one among
hundreds our teams receive daily in many
cases we aren't able to help because of
the Israeli occupation wherever it has
tanks it declares the area a military
zone despite the presence of civilians
injured and unarmed and patients who are
trapped in their homes the Israeli Army
prevents our staff from reaching these
areas more than 27,000 pal Ians have
been killed according to Gaza Health
authorities Israel says its goal is to
destroy Hamas following the October 7
attack that left 1200 dead and more than
240 seized as
hostages