I know you have some new reporting um
that I want to ask you about um Julie
this post from congresswoman Rashida D
it's getting some backlash amongst um
fellow Democrats walk us through it well
Rashida Talib is not only one of three
Muslim uh members of Congress she's also
the only Palestinian American uh member
of Congress and when we've had these
moments these uh moments of fighting not
only between Israel and Palestine or
Hamas or any of these conflicts in the
region we've often heard Republicans
criticize her for her position she's
always been unapologetically pro-
Palestine she's criticized the Israeli
government she did however over the
weekend uh post on X criticizing the
president's response uh saying that he
was uh enforcing or or backing
essentially Israeli genocide of
Palestinians she also tweeted a common
slogan we've been hearing from The River
To The Sea Palestine would be free
defending that slogan we promptly heard
some backlash from some Democrats in
this case Jewish Democrats including
Florida congresswoman Debbie werman
Schultz including the Michigan attorney
general Dana nessle of the state where
Rashida tiip herself is from this is all
relevant why because we are again seeing
another censure attempt coming from
congresswoman margorie Taylor green a
republican of Georgia that first attempt
to centure TB for what margerie Taylor
green says are anti-semitic comments did
not work it failed with a bipartisan
majority last week in the house but once
again green said she will again attempt
another centure resolution against Talib
uh I'm curious to see if any of these
Jewish Democrats would potentially join
that effort this time around it's
certainly a live ball in the house and
and certainly tensions are rising when
it comes to this
[Music]
issue