now the conflict that is unfolding at
this moment of the Gaza Strip will have
implications for the whole region of
West Asia many world powers are
stakeholders here for the United States
West Asia remains a key area of Interest
under its National Security agenda for
decades it's now specifically trying to
engage with multiple partners something
that's known as shuttle diplomacy is
what is being practiced by Anthony
blinkin the United States aims to avoid
a conflict to spread but also to
safeguard its interest in the region the
United States is double down its support
for Israel amidst the war and has
expressed its utmost support however the
US officials are also engaging with Arab
Partners maintaining Israel's security
is going to be key for the US policy in
the region but also to maintain the
security of energy flows United States
has adopted several tactics to ensure
its influence in the region from direct
intervention security agreements and
also by establishing military facilities
and bases in multiple
Nations now these include best bin Egypt
Iraq Jordan Kuwait omanqatar Saudi
Arabia turkey and the United Arab
Emirates the United States has made Arab
Israeli normalization a Cornerstone of
its West Asia policy the prospects of
which appear to reach an advanced level
in the past few years the United Arab
Emirates bahin Morocco and Sudan
recognized the Jewish State just last
month the band Administration presented
to the world a landmark plan to connect
India to Europe through a maritime and a
rail Trade Network this would also link
Sou Arabia to the state of Israel
however after the latest conflict
erupted Saudi Arabia is reportedly
putting plans to normalize ties with
Israel on the back seat and is in fact
engaging with Iran which is a US rival
in the region the anti-israel sentiment
continues to grow in the Arab world and
all those Nations who now recognize
Israel may have no choice but to shutter
their missions
altogether this can be a significant
blow to the US efforts and its interests
in the
region
Von is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move