[Music]
these cabins are in the middle of the
Negev desert region in southern Israel
the tenants the once free roaming
Israeli Arab veterans but now there's
stateless that's because Israel has
revoked their citizenship
2,600 out of 11,000 veterans are losing
their rights because of what Israeli
authorities say is an error among them
as Hassan a mighty I don't know what is
going on they didn't give any reasons I
didn't do anything I didn't cause any
problems I just changed my ID card and
they would throw the citizenship without
saying anything he says he's been trying
for 10 years to get his documents
renewed and they've been rejected every
time
silent and violent he was also born in
Israel says he fears for his future
they can give temporary citizenship but
everything they do is scary we don't
understand what's happening anymore we
are residents and like other Israeli
citizens we give the state it's right
I'm 50 years old why can't I go to China
or Romania or other countries of the
world
I don't know what has happened with
these Interior Affairs these really
newspaper Haaretz has reported Israel's
interior ministries changing the status
of these Israeli Arabs from citizens to
inhabitants a process that deprives them
of many rights none of them are given an
explanation of any decision nor an
opportunity to appeal once it's made
instead they're often advised to submit
a new request as if there were newcomers
to Israel for decades these Bedouin
tribes have been displaced to
reservations like these offering them
little opportunity to improve their
lives their original homes are being
raised and their population is dwindling
many of these people say they doubt what
is happening to them is legal but their
questions and protests are being ignored
and they fear if they continue to lose
their Israeli citizenship both their
culture and their race could vanish role
rather question TRT world
[Music]