terrorists civilians are unfortunately
harmed Kamas is responsible and should
be held accountable for all civilian
casualties we saw the cost of this
terrible War crime yesterday when a
rocket fired by a Palestinian terrorist
misfired and landed on a Palestinian
Hospital the entire world was rightfully
outraged but this outrage should be
directed not in Israel but at the
Terrace as we proceed in this war Israel
will do everything it can to keep
civilians out of Harm's Way we have
asked them and we'll continue to ask
them to move to safer areas we'll
continue to work with you Mr
President to assure that the minimal
requirements are met and we continue to
work together to get our hostages
Out Mr President the road to Victory
will be long and hard but United in
purpose and with a deep sense of just
Justice and the unbreakable Spirit of
our soldiers and Our People Israel will
prevail thank you Mr President well
thank you uh Mr Prime
Minister in the wake of hamas's uh
appalling terrorist assault was brutal
inhumane almost beyond belief what they
did this cabinet came together and uh
standing strong standing United and uh I
want you to know you're not alone you
are not
alone as I emphasized earlier we will
continue to have Israel's back as you
work to defend your people we'll
continue to work with you and partners
across the region to prevent more
tragedy to innocent
civilians 75 years ago your Founders
declared that this nation would be W
based quote based on freedom justice and
peace based on freedom justice and peace
the United States stands with you in
defense of that freedom in pursuit of
that
Justice and in support of that peace
today tomorrow and always we promise
you
[Applause]
resp don't give up don't give up nothing
changes same in
Washington
e