four weeks into this war this is how far
Israeli military forces have advanced
inside Gaza they've moved in from the
north the South and the coast deployed
across Northern Gaza in positions like
this one filmed by Sky News over the
weekend we know Israeli forces are now
this far south in Gaza that means the
north of the strip is now effectively
cut off from the south we have verified
Israeli troops at these locations this
is how looking at satellite pictures
which show armored vehicles that are
clearly visible and there are similar
groupings elsewhere the key position is
here close to the Mediterranean Sea just
meters from the coastal Road this shows
the Israelis are in control of a
corridor stretching from gaza's border
with Israel all the way to the coast
splitting the narrow strip in two we've
also seen these pictures reportedly
showing Israelis shelling civilian
vehicles on the coastal Road the
Israelis say they have opened a route
for free passage north to south but only
a few thousand are thought to have used
it it is hard to imagine what life is
like for civilians stuck inside this
cutof area according to the Gaza
Ministry of Health over 4,000 people
have been killed in Gaza City 40% of the
casualties across the strip from
satellites the extent of the devastation
caused by Israel's bombing is striking
this was the damage assessed by the 24th
of October and here it is from the
latest images analyzed by Sky news Gaza
City is one of the most densely
populated places on Earth to give you an
idea it's the same size as Oxford but
home to almost four times as many people
Israel has surrounded the city and is
moving in for what is likely to be the
most intense fighting yet Israel says
Hamas must be destroyed above ground and
below in the vast network of tunnels
stretching under Gaza City it's hard to
see how any of that happens without many
more civilians dying caught in the
crossfire the fighting and the suffering
we've seen so far may be nothing
compared to what happens next