and the war has entered its 10th day and
there is no sign of a ceasefire in sight
peace seems like a distant dream at this
point as casualties on both the sides
continue to rise the Gaza Strip is
witnessing an unprecedented catastrophe
due to the total Siege imposed on the
region after the Hamas attack Israel has
cut off supply of all critical
Essentials food water medicines
electricity and fuel for the last 8 days
no humanitarian a has reached Gaza the
region is down to its last reserves of
all Essentials on the top of that Israel
has ordered people of Northern Gaza to
shift towards South ahead of a planned
ground offensive and this would mean a
disproportionate number of people reserv
was resources in the south of
Gaza
now Israel says it has restored the
supply of water in southern Gaza after
the talks between prime minister benan
Netanyahu and US President Joe Biden
Israel's Minister says that this will
make the gazans move towards South
Israel says that the evacuation order is
to protect civilians and to distance
them from the militants until now 1
million people have been displaced in
Gaza as for the United Nations and
number is likely to go up as people
continue to move South leaving behind
their homes while people carrying their
whole existence in bags are moving on
bikes cars donkeys and even on foot and
this has become a common sight in Gaza
this as Israel has continued its
Relentless air strikes on the region
over 2,600 people have died while 10,000
have been wounded in the air strikes the
hospitals have been overwhelmed with war
patience
Israel earlier said that it would not
allow any humanitarian Corridor nor lift
the total blockade until and unless
Israeli hostages held by Hamas are freed
the pal the militant group continues to
hold over 150 hostages which includes
Israelis and foreign Nationals
[Music]