scenes of Joy amid the ongoing torment
of War as Hamas releases Israeli
hostages kidnapped during the October
7th Massacre Palestinians are
celebrating the release of their own
from Israeli prisons under the terms of
an agreement brokered by Qatar the US
and Egypt the pause could be extended by
one day for every additional 10 Israeli
hostages who are released by Hamas the
militant Group which governs Gaza has
set it's open to an tion something also
welcomed by the Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu who at the same time
vowed the eradication of Hamas would
continue I want to say there is an
outline that says Hamas can release 10
more hostages for every additional day
it is a blessed thing but in the same
breath I also told President Biden that
at the end of the outline we will return
with all our strength to realize our
goals the elimination of Hamas this is
the longest break in fighting since the
October 7th attack by Hamas and
international Aid groups are rushing to
take advantage of the pause and violence
as the humanitarian crisis inside Gaza
remains unprecedented according to the
UN Agency for Palestinian refugees
during a summit of European and Arab
countries in Spain there was a growing
course of voices from across the globe
calling for a lasting end to the
violence you cannot have 2.3 million
Palestinian hostage and and subject them
to the destruction and aggression that
we've seen unfolding over the past uh
weeks so uh yes we we demand that this
uh post turns into a permanent ceasefire
the post should be extended to make it
sustainable and longlasting while
working for a political solution despite
those calls Israel is committed to
ending hamas's 16-year rule of Gaza and
human rights groups inside the territory
fear Israel's ground Invasion will
expand to the South where hundreds of
thousands of Palestinians have been
crammed in to un shelters