scenes of Joy were the theme among
families of hostages and prisoners who
were freed on day two or the true Ste
however on day three the Palestinian red
crescent says the killing of Palestinian
farmer who was reported to be targeted
by Israel forces in gaza's magazi
refugee camp could jeopardize the third
phase of plans to swap 50 hostages held
by the Hamas group for 150 prisoners in
Israeli jails over a 4day
period rare scenes of Joy among Israelis
and Palestinians early on Sunday as a
hostage and prisoner swap went ahead
between the two sides after new setbacks
that briefly threaten to derail the
truth there six women and seven miners
made up The 13 Israeli hostages freed in
a deal broken by Egypt and katar with
Hamas releasing video that showed armed
men handing people over to the Red Cross
who are helping to transport the
hostages home four Citi cens of Thailand
were also freed from Gaza in a separate
deal Hamas says was broken by
turkey in exchange 39 Palestinian
civilians including 33 miners were
released from Israeli prisons according
to a Palestinian news report bringing
crowds of people to celebrate in the
West Bank but the swap on Saturday was
delayed for several hours and cast into
doubt when Hamas accused Israel of not
keeping up its end of the deal and
threatened to withhold the captives
release Hamas said at the time only 65
of the 340 foreign aid trucks that had
entered Gaza had reached the hardest hit
northern areas which was quote less than
half of what Israel agreed on Israeli
forces who released this video said to
be of Aid trucks in Northern Gaza said
distribution of the aid in The Enclave
was implemented by the United Nations
and international
organizations the dispute also involved
Israel's release of jail Palestinians
but mediators from Egypt and katar
helped Salvage the situation which
underscored the fragility of the deal
cat's foreign Ministry spokesman told
CNN quote we're hopeful that with the
second or third day of this pause we
would be able to hash out a lot of these
details that made this day so
difficult weon is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the
move