Israeli Prime Minister benino hinted at
launching an offensive in Rafa
emphasizing he would put military
pressure on Hamas within the next few
days to rescue his country's hostages
ismore during his Passover speech on
Sunday Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu announced that he would put
military pressure on Hamas within the
next few days to rescue Israeli hostages
the Israeli Prime Minister said that h
has rejected all offers to release
hostages adding that the military group
has not backed down from its extreme
positions according to Netanyahu
military action is the only solution to
rescue
hostages therefore we will land
additional painful blows on it and it
will happen soon in the coming days will
increase a military and political
pressure on Hamas because this is the
only way to free our hostages and
Achieve our
Victory while nety remarks don't confirm
the start of an operation in Rafa The
Times of Israel reported that the
Israeli Army Chief of Staff approved a
battle plan for the southern command on
Sunday Israel believes that the Hamas
leadership is hiding in the Rafa region
and that a military operation to enter
Rafa is essential to end the war however
the International Community including
the United States have been trying to
deter Israel from taking such action
saying that an offensive in Rafa were
about 1.4 4 million Palestinian refugees
have gathered could lead to huge losses
of Civilian lives meanwhile nearly 200
bodies were discovered in a mass grave
inside Nasser Hospital compound in conun
Palestinian authorities say the Israeli
military is responsible for the mass
grave which included bodies of elderly
women children and young men the
discovery follows another Mass grave
found at alifa hospital last week more
than 34,000 pal Palestinians have been
killed in Gaza since the War Began over
6 months ago isang news