first up on the show well the Israeli
Defense Forces in Gaza have been forced
to contend with a sophisticated Maze of
underground tunnels and bunkers built by
Hamas military experts call the tunnels
a formidable defense system here's how
Israel is tackling the threat after
locating entrances to the Hamas tunnels
Israeli Army Engineers have detonated an
exploding gel in the passages as per
Israeli military officers T aviv's
policy is not to send Personnel inside
tunnels Hamas is expected to have booby
trapped some of these tunnels the
underground fighting gives a tactical
advantage to the Hamas militants instead
of engaging in below ground hand-to-hand
combat the plan is to turn the Hamas
bunkers shafts and tunnels into death
traps uh when not using Munitions the
Israeli Armed Forces opt
for tracker robots and other remotely
operated technology Israeli officers say
the that destroying an access shaft is
relatively easy and quick Israel
military has said last week that 130
shafts had been destroyed but gave no
figure for uh the demolished tunnels
several tons of exploding gel brought in
by trucks are required for every few
hundred met of tunnels a tunnel care uh
care is being taken not to endanger the
tunnels that may contain hostages since
2014 Hamas has been digging underground
Pathways to get around its territory
some tunnels are as deep as 100 to 13 ft
below the ground level and allowing
militants to aade strikes rocket
batteries hidden a few meters beneath
the surface can be uncovered with a trap
door just for the time it takes for a
fire to be to be
made uh it could take months for the
Israelis to destroy gaza's entire
underground
[Music]
Network