ibraim hasun acks through the rubble of
his wrenched home in Rafa where his
entire family were killed in an Israeli
air strike early Monday morning eight
members of huna's family from three
generations were killed he escaped only
because he had been visiting
friends as you can see we used to sleep
next to each other it's a small place
the targeting was direct we found them
torn apart they were directly targeted
killed in Cold Blood with no
mercy huna's family had been renting the
house for the past month after a series
of moves to flee the fighting in
Northern Gaza more than half of gaza's
population of 2 million is now crammed
into the town of Rafa in this maternity
hospital the situation is desperate with
children facing a fight for survival
from their very first
moments most of the cases we get now
involve infections including
gastrointestinal and respiratory infe
these are largely because of the adverse
weather conditions children endure
intents and shelters as well as the lack
of formula healthy milk and clean water
because most of the children only get
poorly prepared formula and some
children may not find milk at all
leading their families to feed them
whatever is available the Israeli
military on Tuesday released underground
surveillance video that they say shows
Hamas leader in Gaza Yaya sinare fleeing
inhan Unice an army spokesman called
sinare The Mastermind of the October 7th
attack and laid the blame for the
current War at his door while the people
of Gaza are suffering above ground sinir
is hiding in tunnels underground
underneath them running like the coward
that is but Israel will not be granting
gazin any resite just yet qari broker
talks for a temporary ceasefire have
stalled because Israel says hamas's
demands in a planned hostage for
prisoner exchange are excessive