the unprecedented assault by Hamas
struck at multiple points along Israel's
border they used land sea and air in a
level of sophistication that takes time
to grow evidence has emerged of training
in Gaza but incredibly without Israel
noticing their tactics evolved too
perhaps learning lessons from the war in
Ukraine even the number of rockets fired
by Hamas were on a different scale
despite an Israeli block around Gaza
that's meant to stop weapons and parts
from entering instead more than 3 and a
half thousand Rockets were launched in
the first 24 hours of this war that
compares with a total of
4,300 fired by Hamas in an 11-day
conflict with Israel two years ago and a
total of some 4 and a half thousand
rockets and mortars in a 50-day war in
2014 in the morning of Saturday Israel
was surprised twice once from from the
from the doctrine of Kamas which was
very different from the way we in Israel
thought about the strategy or the
intentions of Hamas and second from the
capabilities of this organization but
after Decades of conflict why go so big
when Hamas knows the response from
Israel will be ferocious it's doubtless
a product of festering tensions over
lands religion and rights and it's
further evidence of hamas's extremist
ideology and
brutality that alone is enough for the
trigger but questions are also being
asked about whether the Palestinian
group received direct support from a
state backer like
Iran it's no secret that Iran a sworn
enemy of Israel has long provided
financial and military aid to Hamas
along with other militant groups in the
region such as Hezbollah in Lebanon Iran
has also watched with concern as Israel
took steps to normalize ties with a
number of Gulf States even showcasing a
prospective peace plan with Saudi Arabia
at the United
Nations so far There Is No Smoking Gun
but if any evidence of direct Iranian
involvement in the Hamas operation
emerges it would create an even more
dangerous dimension
to this already deadly crisis it could
even mean the weekend's attacks are just
the opening Salvo in a wider operation
against Israel that could be joined by
militants in the West Bank and Lebanon
one thing certain Israel sees this
moment as it's 911 and plans to hunt and
Destroy Hamas just as the United States
went after Al-Qaeda back in
2001