over the last few days Israel's
strongest Ally the US has been voicing
its concern over the war against Hamas
it has dispatched advisers Urban Warfare
and experts as well as sophisticated air
defense systems to Israel and this
triggered report saying that the US had
urged Israel to delay its ground
offensive into Gaza to secure its
interests President Joe Biden has now
clarified that America has made no such
demand well I has indicated to him is
that if that's possible to get these
folks out safely that's what he should
do it's their decision but I did not
demand it I pointed out to him if it's
real it should be
done on the ground however the US has
significantly increased its military
presence in West Asia the Pentagon is
sending its patr missile defense systems
while also repositioning its Eisenhower
strike group the USS its buildup is
aimed at preventing a wider Regional War
its Navy will have a carrier strike
group off the shore of Israel the fourth
carrier strike group and the Eisenhower
strike group the moves are also seen as
the US preparing Israel for a potential
ground invasion of Gaza the fresh us
deployments come in the wake of
increased attacks on the US Army base
camps in Iraq as well as Syria since the
beginning of the Israel Hamas War 24
American troops have been injured in the
attacks the Pentagon saying between
October 17 and October 24 American and
Allied Forces in Iraq and Syria have
been targeted at least 13 times with
drones and
Rockets the Biden Administration is also
preparing for the possibility of
evacuating hundreds of thousands of
American citizens from West Asia
according to the US state department
estimates there were about 600,000 US
citizens in Israel and another
86,000 were believed to be in Lebanon
when Hamas
attacked we are now available in your
country download the app now get all the
updates on the move