I don't think there are enough words in
the English dictionary to actually
describe what every gin is going through
right
now
[Music]
for two days we were completely blacked
out you can just think of the
worst and you keep on telling we're
going to be next that's what you keep on
telling
yourself it's going to be us next the
humanitarian sit situation is
catastrophic we can't find water food
bread when people go to bakeries they're
freaking die because they have bombed
almost all of the bakeries in Gaza what
difference would a humanitarian pause
make like it's not important to reach a
humanitarian truth but an actual is fire
a prolonged one with strong conditions
aazan would say they are giving us some
painkillers and then they're going to
continue wiping us out but we will
manage to get some water and uh some
food and then they can just kill us so
tell me about the feeling of people
inside about that that sense of what's
happening to
them I like I think they feel alone
abandoned so that's the issue like no
one is talking about like children who
died or like women who are delivering
like in very poor henic situations this
is so
inhuman and then they come in the news
and they tell you Israel has to has the
right to defend itself come on what are
we talking about come on they are wiping
us out we have entire families killed
I'm just wondering what the world is
waiting to see so they can actually
start doing in
action
[Music]
was leaving a difficult
decision yeah it was definitely a
difficult decision like as humanitarian
like our role is to say like uh together
with like with the population like
people in need so it was um it was so
difficult to take this decision like we
couldn't operate anymore this situation
was wasn't safe anymore for us so many
people are talking about this uh this
coming out as a victory for us but it's
not a victory like we are like it's a
it's a loss for everyone to be honest
since yesterday I was already regretting
going out because I was the entire day I
was unable to reach my family so I
couldn't even tell them that I made it
safely and I'm okay and I know
that you my mom she actually begged me
to go
out for me I wouldn't have done it and
they still feel like I shouldn't have
gone out you know the survival
guil
CNN