Gaza is one of the most densely
populated areas in the world look at
this chart every white dot on it
represents a builtup part of the
district so you can see the density more
than 2 million people living in an area
of just 145 square miles compare that to
London for example you get a sense of
the scale that we're talking about and
those 2 million people are already being
displaced this map shows the proportion
of people who've moved out of their
homes into shelters run by the and if
you look over here up in the north of
Gaza it is as high as 15% of the
population and this shows just how many
people have been displaced in total up
from 3,000 before the start of the war
all the way jumping to 250,000 more than
250,000 today an eighth of the
population and living conditions were
already very difficult this chart is
about electricity in Gaza so at the
bottom in the blue you have the power
that Israel was supplying before the war
above that that's what was produced in
Gaza by its so power plant then all the
rest above that is unmet demand that's
everything that wasn't being powered on
average before the war Gaza got just 13
hours of electricity per day and now
with its last Power Station out of fuel
well it has nothing a mid air strikes in
her neighborhood influencer and student
Sama sharab told Sky News about just how
desperate the situation
is no shelters water is gone no internet
no electricity no fuel literally
nothing hopefully we'll survive this
time but I doubt it more than half the
population also rely on food assistance
from the UN and this shows how much
harder it's got it shows the proportion
of those recipients who have to borrow
money from relatives or friends or
borrow food at the start of the year was
just 18% that's gone up to 73% by June
and even more vital than food is water
on the evening of the 8th of October
Israeli authorities cut off the water
supply to Gaza through three connection
points and that affected over 610,000
people in Gaza it will exacerbate an
already severe shortage in drinking
water and finally this is what Gaza
looked like from the satellite view
before the weekend's attacks this
neighborhood to the north is now
unrecognizable to what it was before and
that's before any ground troops have
moved in it is probably going to get
much worse