after weeks of tough negotiations and
with religious and far-right Coalition
Partners bennyman Netanyahu as announced
that he has succeeded in securing a deal
to form a new government in Israel it
will be the most right-wing Coalition in
Israel's history Netanyahu made this
announcement on Twitter minutes before
midnight deadline set by President Isaac
Hudson the announcement came after
Netanyahu was conservatively good party
and like-minded religious nationalist
parties close to the ultra-orthodox and
West Bank settler communities won a
comfortable majority in the elections
first of November elections here
promising him 64 parliaments won 20
seats but the agreement to form a
government was held up by disputes over
a package of proposed legislation on
issues ranging from planning Authority
in the West Bank to ministerial control
over the police
within a week will take office after a
year that has seen the worst levels of
violence in the West Bank in more than a
decade with over 150 Palestinians and
more than 20 Israelis killed Israel will
finally get a stable Government after a
turbulent period that saw Israelis go to
the polls five times in less than four
years but the weeks of negotiations have
made it clear that the Coalition may
still face significant internal tensions
said that he will ultimately set the
Israeli policy and is also pledged to
govern the interests of all citizens in
Israel are you there a leader of the
ultra Orthodox party is a key play in
the new Parliament who has been promised
the interior and health portfolios
Netanyahu is returning after serving a
record 15 years in the top office is on
trial for corruption charges that he
denies
anymore we were coming
Beyond is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move