un Secretary General Antonio guz has
responded to an Israel Defense Forces
air strike that killed 78 workers in
Gaza calling it devastating amid
widespread condemnation from the
International Community the Israeli
Prime Minister called the attack a
mistake Yen
reports on Tuesday United Nations
Secretary General Antonio guz called an
Israel Defense Forces attack that killed
seven Aid workers the day before
unconscionable and devastating while
world leaders have also asked Israel to
explain its action the devastating
Israeli air strikes that killed World
Central Kitchen Personnel yesterday
bring the number of Aid workers killed
in this conflict to
196 including more than 175 members of
our own un
staff this is
unconscionable but it is an inevitable
result of the way the war is being
conducted the world Central kitchen
confirmed on Tuesday that seven of its
team members traveling in a DEC
conflicted Zone in Gaza were killed they
were in Two armored vehicles with a wck
logo visible and an additional vehicle
the strike killed a Palestinian man as
well as citizens of Australia Britain
and Poland and a dual citizen of the
United States and Canada the a charity
wck immediately suspended operations at
68 Community Kitchens where food was
being distributed in Gaza guz also said
the attack was yet more evidence of of
the need for a ceasefire it demonstrates
yet again the urgent need for an
immediate humanitarian ceasefire the
unconditional release of all hostages
and the expansion of humanitarian Aid
into Gaza as the security Council
demanded in its resolution last week the
resolution must be implemented without
delay meanwhile Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu called the air strike
a mistake while the Israeli military
pledged to conduct an investigation in
to the incident some of Israel's closest
allies including the United States
condemned the attack with US President
Joe Biden saying that it demonstrated
that Israel was not doing enough to
protect civilians Yan adid
news