[Music]
it was a major game changer for US
policy in the Middle East I have
determined that it is time to officially
recognize
Jerusalem as the capital of Israel
reaction at the UN was Swift in December
when a defiant General Assembly
humiliated the US with 128 nations
approving the resolution declaring the
recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's
capital null and void old wounds
continue to bleed and deepen as we speak
risking the outbreak of another war the
palestinian-israeli conflict continues
with no prospect of a political
resolution Gaza is about to explode
violent protests followed the US
announcement of the opening of their
Jerusalem embassy the Arab League envoy
at the UN says the u.s. embassy move
leaves few prospects for a political
solution in the absence of a political
political horizon the situation will
keep the theoretical and
those kind of
confrontational approach between the
Palestinians and the Israelis
is going to continue unless the American
administration comes out with a credible
peace plan despite condemnation in the
UN General Assembly the UN Security
Council here has been powerless to act
in the face of 43 US vetoes of
resolutions targeting Israel this leaves
the question the future participation of
the UN Security Council and the quartet
in Israel's UN Ambassador doesn't seem
to care about what the UN thinks I don't
think the UN or any other expert we can
decide for other countries where the
capital will be and under any agreement
that we will have in the future we all
know that Jose Allah will stay the
capital of the State of Israel that's
why I don't see any other reason why not
to do it today u.s. decision on
Jerusalem and the impending transfer of
its embassy in
violation of Security Council
resolutions have so negatively impacted
the chances for resuming peace talks as
with other key components there can be
no just unsustainable solution without
Jerusalem no matter how many countries
follow the u.s. moving their embassies
into Jerusalem it remains a violation of
the UN Charter because of the Israeli
occupation francuzzi are no TRT world
the United Nations
[Music]