fifteen-year-old janaza carne used to
play on this rooftop with her brother
Adam cousin Khaled and her cat Lulu on
Monday they went to the spot where Jenna
was killed by Israeli forces Adam was
the one who found her sister's body late
on Sunday
after the Israeli forces withdrew I came
back home my uncle told me to call Jenna
I found who did and the cat was next to
her
I couldn't believe my eyes
Khalid says Jenna wanted to take Lulu
home when Israeli forces raided their
neighborhood
I'm sure she was scared when she saw
Jannah fall then Adam came here and
started shouting the cat ran away we
only found her now hiding downstairs on
Monday morning the rooftop had become a
crime scene Palestinian police gathered
evidence and interviewed Witnesses some
said this really special forces had been
stationed in the building opposite
Janna's house
Israel's defense minister has expressed
sorrow at zakarna's killing saying that
the Army does not shoot civilians
intentionally
during the incident a Heil of bullets
was fired at the forces and explosives
and Molotov cocktails were thrown in
response the forces returned fire at the
shooters out of self-defense
but the family says Jenna was not in the
crossfire
there were no Palestinian fighters in
our neighborhood we know where the
fighters were stationed and it's in
another place far from where Janna was
friends say Jenna like to paint joke and
watch soap operas the family says she
used to help her sick mother
now they're all facing life without her
Janna would have turned 16 later this
month instead of her birthday party
family and friends gathered for her
burial
Palestinians say that funerals are
becoming regular occurrence they tell us
that the lack of accountability makes
Palestinians more vulnerable to the
Israeli shoot to kill policy
it's not only adults but children too
who pay the price rights organization
defense for children International says
more than 25 percent of Palestinians
killed by Israeli forces in the occupied
West Bank this year were children
many like Adam see their friends and
family members being killed and fear
they'll be next
the occupied West Bank