every 10 minute a child is killed and
two more children are injured in Gaza
according to Palestinian Health Ministry
the United Nations Chief has warned that
Gaza is becoming a graveyard for
children reportedly so far 4,000
Palestinian children have been killed
due to Israeli strikes 1,200 children
have been reported as missing in the
region there are over 2.2 million people
residing in the Gaza Strip and children
make up 47% of the population amid the
ongoing chaos mass destruction and
bombing children are among the worst
affected the sight of tiny lifeless
bodies covered in white shrouds and
surrounded by grieving families has
become too common Israel's ground
offensive in addition to its missile
strikes has further added to the
destruction as per reports there are
more than 50,000 pregnant women in Gaza
and within the next 30 days about 5,500
of them are expected to give birth the
health agency has expressed concern that
approximately 15% of these women May
face pregnancy or birth related
complications healthcare workers in Gaza
have shared that medical facilities are
currently under immense strain as there
scarcity of essential supplies for
patient treatments un Secretary General
Antonio gutes has urged an immediate
ceasefire in the Israel Hamas conflict
emphasizing the dire situation in Gaza
Israel initiated its military action
against Gaza with the aim of
neutralizing Hamas Israel contends that
its strikes are targeting terrorist
infrastructure
while seeking to minimize civilian
casualties it also accused Hamas of
using civilian population as a human
shield Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has declined to consider a
ceasefire until all the hostages held by
Hamas are released if you like this
video then like share and subscribe to
mirror
[Music]
now