[Music]
this Ramadan don't break your fast with
Israeli days messages like these one
have been circulating on social media
networks around the world the reason is
quite simple Israel grows these dates on
confiscated Palestinian land it
illegally occupies 60% of Israeli dates
are grown in illegal settlements and 80%
of those dates are exported you are
stealing my house and if I don't steal
it someone else is going to steal it
dates are the most profitable Israeli
CRS and exporting them mainly to Europe
and the United States greatly
strengthens the Israeli economy however
in order to reach multi-million dollar
profits Israel engages in exploitative
practices and here's
how picking dates is extremely tiring
and dangerous work which is why illegal
Israeli settlers Outsource the tasks to
Palestinians using them for cheap labor
the job requires Palestinians workers to
climb palm trees using cranes staying up
to 12 m above ground for hours without
the possibility of even going to the
toilet and sometimes in extreme heat the
crane lowers the workers to the ground
only after they have fulfilled the
Harvest
quota in these conditions Palestinians
are at risk of he stroke and injuries
and when an injury does occur they often
have no access to Quality healthare or
compensation for a workplace
injury Israeli companies have an
established practice of particularly
exploding pal FAL children because they
climb trees faster work for minimum
wages and are easier to take advantage
of due to widespread poverty desperate
Palestinian families are often forced to
withdraw their children from school and
send them to work for illegal settlers
Palestinian right activists have long
been urging people around the world not
to buy Israeli dates for years to
purchase dates for
Ramadan that are grown on Stolen
Palestinian land with stolen Palestinian
in
water um and the prophet goes to the
state of Israel the goes to the thieves
is unheard of it's immoral they are
continuing with the campaign this year
as well