Israel has been one of the loudest
voices against Iran and West Asia the
country blames Tehran for playing
nuclear charade to climb down further
Israel is mulling over sharing nuclear
Tech with its Abram aircot members the
country's Atomic Chief says that the
three nations need healthy dialogue
especially in the area of nuclear weapon
programs this was a direct confrontation
to Iran the atomic Chief said and I'm
quoting here one country is the leading
factor in the instability of the region
it is now clear that Iran conducted a
military nuclear program gaining
technology to produce a nuclear weapon
device now this comes on the heels of
ongoing talks in Vienna after a series
of Deadlocks Iran and the iaea are now
trying yet again to revive the 2015
nuclear deal but so far it has been
nothing short of a Herculean task
the central issue is a probe into traces
of man-made nuclear particles here and
the atomic agency had found this years
ago at many undisclosed sites in Iran
but Tehran has still not provided any
explanation for this Iran on the other
hand has demanded the probe to be closed
and also slash all sanctions against the
country without these conditions Tehran
refuses to revive the existing deal that
has put the atomic watchdog in a tough
spot and the agency is stuck between
Israel and Iran on the opposing ends now
president Isaac Herzog is not trying to
get
support that he can enter the Ibraham
Accord members Israel is trying to bring
the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain on
its side now the Abraham records came to
exist on the 15th of September in 2020
it was then mediated by then U.S
president Donald Trump and since then
the three countries exchanged a series
of statements a showfan common Arab
Israel normalization
[Music]
foreign
Beyond is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move