the war between Israel and Hamas
thousands of demonstrators took to the
streets just outside the White House
yesterday calling for the end to the
Israeli military action in Gaza and
ABC's Patrick reval is in Tel Aviv where
thousands of people are rallying again
demanding the hostages be freed as the
war marks 100 days good morning
Patrick good morning Randon yeah it's
been a 100 days since hamas's October
7th Massacre triggered Israel's
devastating war in Gaza behind me here
in Tel thousands of people have been
rallying to support over the the 100
hostages still held by Hamas in Gaza
it's still such a live issue here the
situation in Gaza is catastrophic though
the UN says 1.9 million people 85% of
gaza's population have now been
displaced there are now warnings that
over half a million are now starving
with famine looming nearly 24,000
Palestinians have been killed according
to gaza's Hamas and health Ministry such
is the destruction that for the first
time Israel has found itself this week
defending itself at the international
court of justice against charges of
genocide brought by South Africa Israel
vehemently rejects that allegation
Israel's prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu last night in a speech to mark
100 days was defiant that the war
against Hamas will continue but despite
the devastation Israel is still far from
achieving its goals of defeating Hamas
or freeing the hostages most Israeli
officials signal that the fighting is
going to go on for months more GI no end
in sight just yet Patrick thank you so
much hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching