since October 7th we have recognized uh
the terrorist attack by Hamas uh that
killed well over a thousand innocent
Israelis and we have recognized Israel's
right to defend itself but at the same
time the cost of Justice cannot be the
continued suffering of all Palestinian
civilians that is why we continuing to
put forward including today in a
statement uh with Australia and New
Zealand a strong and clear Canadian
position that we will continue to work
with allies around the world on moving
towards a two-state solution with peace
for Israelis and peace for Palestinians
living side by
side we must recognize that what is
unfolding before our eyes will only
enhance the cycle of
violence will this will not lead to the
durable defeat of Hamas which is
necessary and the threat that it pauses
to
Israel with the future of Israelis and
Palestinians in mind Canada is joining
the international call for human
humanitarian
ceasefire we have done so in a joint
statement with Australia and New Zealand
earlier
today and we have done so this afternoon
at the
UN we're not
naive this ceasefire cannot be
one-sided Hamas continues to hold
hostages use civilians as Shields and
attack
Israel hostages must be released
immediately civilians must be protected
and foreign Nationals including of
course Canadians must be allowed to
leave Gaza Hamas must lay down its
weapons at the same time we must
urgently and seriously commit ourselves
to working with Israelis Palestinians
and other partners towards a just and
Lasting peace in the form of a two-state
solution where Israelis and Palestinians
will be able to live side by side in
peace and security this weekend I hosted
my counterparts from Saudi Arabia from
turkey and the Palestinian Authority to
discuss just that and I've been in
contact with Jordan with France with New
Zealand with Australia with the UK and
the us over the past two
days and we will continue that
conversation over the coming months with
our partners from the
region