Us's Secretary of State Anthony blinkin
is back in in Israel for more talks
after discussing the Israel Hamas war
with regional leaders in West Asia he
also held talks with Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu over the
escalating conflict this is the top us
diplomats second trip to Israel in just
a week during the visit blinkin
reaffirmed America's support for Israel
to defend itself from Hamas as well as
the willingness of the US to Aid the
country
we're determined to stand with and for
innocent civilians who suffer primarily
as a consequence of whatas has done on
all
sides uh we come to work together as
well to ensure that this uh crisis this
conflict doesn't spread to other places
and we come to think together about a
Way Forward uh for everybody that
we
since October 12th blinkin has visited
Qatar bahin Jordan Saudi Arabia United
Arab Emirates and Egypt in what reports
have called it a last ditch attempt to
reduce the impact of a potentially
catastrophic allout Israeli land assault
on
Gaza meanwhile the American President
Joe Biden has warned Israel against
occupying Gaza in one of his most
notable public calls for restraint Biden
said that any move by Israel to occupy
the Gaza Strip again would be a big
mistake as the Israelis respond to this
month Tero attacks by
Hamas I think it'd be a big mistake
look what happened in Gaza in my view is
Hamas and the extreme elements of Hamas
don't represent all the Palestinian
people and uh I think that uh it would
be a mistake to uh for Israel to occupy
Gaz again we but to going in and taking
out the uh the extremist the uh
Hezbollah is up north but Hamas down
south is a necessary
requirement the comments made by the
American president amount to one of the
few times he has called on Israel to use
some sort of restraint in responding to
the h Mass
attacks despite sending warning Israel
took
is despite sending warnings Israel to
take restraints the US has pledged full
support which is
unconditional American warships have
arrived in Israel so have aircraft and
reportedly $2 billion worth of
Munitions along with the United States
other Western allies have said that they
will support Israel as it prosecutes
what Israeli leaders say will be a
prolonged
[Music]
War
[Music]