10 hours after the attack from Gaza
began Palestinians were still rampaging
through a Jewish border
Community pillaging destroying and
hunting
Israelis behind one house they find a
terrified mother trying to protect her
children the first time that I saw the
picture I couldn't believe it
couldn't couldn't cprit what I saw and
then I look at another picture and it's
it was very clear that's this is my
cousin Shiri and the two is is N9 months
old Andel is four years old being El by
Hamas there is a blood on their blanket
there is blood on the kidnappers it
wasn't just yosi's cousin and her
children three generations of this
family have been taken Shir and yarden
bbas their young Sons Ariel and cere and
her father and mother who has
Parkinson's kidnapped without her
medication their relatives are beside
themselves with worry my fears is that
that they separated that they killed
them that they injured that we won't see
them again that we won't even get in a
piece of information with them anymore
and we will stay in this blank forever
what is it like to feel like
this it's like a lion in a cage I'm I'm
I'm I'm I'm walking back and forth in my
house uh waiting for for something to
happen waiting for something somebody to
call me to say that they have
information from my family went in from
somebody to call me from the IDF to say
that they need my help and and recruit
me and you want to go and fight and I
want to go and fight I want to go to all
my
country I want to do whatever I can and
I know that all my friends and all the
people that I know will do the same
thing the same footage shows other
Israeli civilians on this kabot being
abducted by Palestinians and forced back
to Gaza this is late afternoon the
attacks began in early morning but apart
from deserted tanks there is still no
sign of the Israeli
Army Yosi and many others want answers
about how that could happen we had
defense on Gaza we had walls on Gaza we
had the intelligence we have the the
milit we have planes we have helicopters
we have tanks we have everything
and and the IDF for the first couple of
hours it's like we we had no Army the
idea wasn't
exist as many as aund Israelis were
seized and taken to Gaza that day say
their government nothing has been heard
of them since Dominic waghorn Sky News
Ash DOD Southern
Israel