for
that's excellencies every institutional
dialogue will be taken into account
unless we take into account the
situation in Gaza how can we talk about
this while Gaza is under ashes how can
we turn our blind while the people of
Gaza are displaced subjected to the
worst violations of human
rights we have called repeatedly the
International Community to Bear its
responsibility to put at an end to
escalation and VI and War to protect
civilians and order to pave the way for
a clear-cut legitimate peace process
which includes all parties in this light
we warn against the disastrous
repercussions on threats to attack ra as
the last refuge for civilians civilians
who are there due to uh the displacement
by Israeli Army in spite of 30,000 dead
and starvation of millions and lack of
security and lack of basic needs IE
medicine water and energy we see that
Security Council achieves no results in
this regard we reject double standard in
this context as well as selections we
call for the implementation of Security
Council resolution 27 20
2020 and lift restrictions on the
delivery and entry human Aid in order to
alleviate the unjustified human
suffering we call for a Midas fire that
paved the way for a just comprehensive
peace process
excellencies we should dissipate doubts
about the right of Palestinians to live
in in security and their right
self-determination through a legitimate
process that is irreversible for them to
have their independent state on the 1967
border with hister Jerusalem as its
capital on the basis of the Arab
initiative and the relevant un
resolutions we call upon all countries
to adhere to the principles of peace and
Justice and to work together in order to
end what we can call uh Collective
punishment and its serious ramifications
and thank you Mr President subscribe to
our YouTube channel don't forget to like
our videos and hit the Bell icon to stay
updated with the
latest