[Music]
arriving in court Laura al-qasim looked
calm and composed despite more than a
week in solitary confinement it all came
about when she posted online about her
plans to attend an event organized by
the boycott divestment and sanctions or
BDS campaign against Israel she later
deleted the post the Minister strategic
affairs together with the Minister of
Interior have decided that BDS is not
about actions it's not about acting it's
about
okaasan a 22 year old American citizen
with Palestinian grandparents landed at
Ben Gurion Airport on Tuesday last week
with a valid student visa but she was
barred from entering the country
Israel accuses her of having supported
in the past the boycott campaign she
traveled to Israel to pursue her
graduation at Jerusalem's Hebrew
University the university has asked the
authorities to let her study but the
Israeli authorities still say they won't
let her stay in the country they're now
looking to decide the prevention of
entry based on opinions based on
somebody who supports somebody called
what about a sign a petition we're
looking at criteria believe that mr.
Casten meets those criteria based on her
accident and the actions of the
organisation of which he was a senior
leader over several years al-qasim has
been spending her days at an airport
detention facility with little access to
telephone and no internet and reportedly
Abed infested with bedbugs this is the
longest period anyone has been held in
Israel in a boycott related case she's
being detained because of her political
activity in the past political activity
that she no longer supports and I
thought this is a great wrongdoing from
my country and we have responsibility to
show hell and the rest of the world that
Israel is a liberal democracy
Palestinian civil society groups
launched the boycott movement in 2005 to
help end Israel's abuses against
Palestinians it enacted a law last year
banning entry for any foreigner who
knowingly issues a public call for
boycotting Israel Thursday's district
court meeting said it would issue a
ruling in the coming days but all chasms
detention has already triggered a debate
about Israel's handling of those who
oppose its actions in the occupied
Palestinian territories Kirin Burke TRT
world
[Music]