iodine deficiency is known to hamper
growth in children and cause diseases as
a mineral iodine is extremely crucial
for humans a recent report says the rise
of desalinated water in israel has
become a concern for the israeli
government
israel's health ministry survey found
that iodine concentration among israelis
is much lower than the world health
organization recommended concentration
who recommends that urine samples should
have hundred micrograms of iodine per
liter in israel however the average
iodine content for israeli adults
surveyed was 60 and for children it was
86.
the health ministry raised concerns that
the survey could be an indicator of the
impending harm to children's cognitive
and mental development they have decided
to start advocating for legislation that
will require table salt to be enriched
with iodine as it is in several other
countries
following this report a new study is
setting out to assess the scale of the
problem the scientists have started
testing diodine levels in 50 local water
supply uh supplies across israel
professor yona chen who is leading the
study voiced his concerns to israel's
local media he said and i'm quoting we
are worried because around 80 percent of
drinking water in israel is now
desalinated which we know reduces
calcium levels and this can impact human
beings also according to our testing
mineral water has low levels but iodine
is very important for humans because the
metabolism is controlled to a
significant extent by iodine it's
essential for the thyroid and for other
hormonal activities
the new study is set to use an
electronic device for testing the iodine
levels the study will take around six
months and the team hopes that it will
provide statistics
to help further policy discussions on
iot
we are now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move