the iran nuclear deal it is still in
limbo despite months of back and forth
negotiations in the latest developments
iran says it is ready for nuclear
cooperation but has condemned the united
states claiming washington is slowing
down the talks in a statement lawmaker
rahula abbas spur in tehran said iran's
policy and approach are clearly and
logically expressed in the negotiations
but what brings the negotiations to the
final result he insisted is the behavior
of the negotiating parties he said
america's behavior is not predictable
the parties to the vienna process are
expected to prioritize the interest of
the people and the national interests
and not to be influenced by the
non-constructive and destructive
behavior of the zionist regime
meanwhile france britain and germany
have vented their frustration at iran's
demands tehran is insisting that the u.n
nuclear watchdog must close a probe into
uranium particles found in iran the
government of president ibrahim raisi
says washington is jeopardizing the
talks but western diplomats insist
iran's latest response is a step
backwards earlier it was agreed that if
iran maintains its enrichment level to
the limits set by the 2015 jcpoa
then sanctions imposed against the
country will be lifted
meanwhile israeli defense minister benny
gantz has traveled to new york for talks
with united nations officials he's due
to meet with u.n secretary general
antonio gutierrez that trip coming on
the heels of gantz's visit to the united
states at the end of august which also
focused on the ongoing efforts to revive
the deal israel of course opposes them
and israel now does not anticipate a
renewal of the agreement before the us
midterm elections in november
foreign
[Music]