almost 5 months into Israel's military
campaign in Gaza and those starving in
the north of the bombarded Enclave say
they are having to be creative in order
to
eat Maran El AA and his family are one
such family they have taken to eating
the leaves of prickly pear cactuses to W
of
hunger while the fruit of prickly PE
cactuses are commonly eaten around the
Mediterranean the thick leaves are only
ever consumed by animals mashed up in
their
feed today we can still find cactus in a
week the cactus will no longer be
available and we will live on nothing we
will die I approximately in 1 month have
lost some 30 kg and I have a photo one
month I have lost 30 kg why because
there is no
food this is our food now in the
northern Gaza Strip there is nothing
else everything is gone gone there is
nothing
left a crane lifts equipment from the
ruins of camel or smashed out Bakery the
destruction here underscores one reason
starving people are reduced to eating
raw cactus leaves in the enclave and A's
business is not alone most bakeries in
the area lie in
rubble bread will be crucial to any
sustained effort to relieve Palestinian
hunger one in six children in nor Gaza
is wasting from malnutrition people have
had to bake bread themselves as best as
they can over fires made with wood
Salvage from ruined buildings they make
bread from animal feed and bird seed
most say they can only eat once a day at
most Aid is flowing into Southern parts
of the Gaza Strip though too slowly to
avert a hunger crisis even there and it
barely makes it to Northern areas that
are further from the main border
crossing and only accessible through
more active battle
fronts Israel has set the failure to get
enough Aid into Gaza to meet
humanitarian needs is due to un
distribution
failures