an analysis of more than 150 photos and
videos taken since the devastating
October 7th attack on Israel shows that
Hamas has assembled a patchwork arsenal
of weapons from around the world this is
despite a 17-year blockade across the
disputed territory that was aimed at
stopping such a massive military buildup
so I think we shouldn't be surprised
that Hamas is heavily AR we know they
have significant domestic caches and
stock piles we know they have a a
significant manufacturing capability and
we know that weapons have been smuggled
into Gaza evidence shows Palestinian
militants using a range of weapons and
artillery including North Korean and
Bulgarian built rocket propelled
grenades Chinese launches for
anti-aircraft missiles and Iranian
sniper rifles capable of firing deadly
50 mm caliber rounds you can eat through
a a 3-ft concrete reinforced wall with a
50 c uh they're they're very they're
very devastating Hass declined to answer
how it obtained these arms but released
a video suggesting the high power rifles
were being manufactured within Gaza
however speaking as a master gunsmith
Don fry poured cold water on the claims
what I saw in the video um I I'd stake
my reputation on they're not doing it
there today the level of sophistication
needed to turn out a precise rifle like
that I think these folks are just trying
to cover their tracks while Iranian
Representatives declined to comment
whether their government supplied
weapons to Hamas information remains
thin on the ground about how exactly
Hamas have purchased such weapons to
bolster their military mights in their
ongoing conflict with Israel
the Israeli government have reported at
least 186 Israeli soldiers have been
killed and more than 1,000 have been
injured however as the Gaza Health
Ministry doesn't distinguish between
civilian and combatant casualties the
losses suffered by Hamas forces are less
[Applause]
[Music]
clear