the principal focus of Anthony blinken's
day was to improve support of Ukraine
and move towards a ceasefire in the
Middle East but at Lincoln's joint press
conference with France's new foreign
minister it was the death of the seven
World Central Kitchen Aid workers in
Gaza that dominated with a tribute to
the dead sharp words for Israel these
people are
heroes they run into the fire not away
from
it they show the best of what Humanity
has to to offer when the going really
gets
tough they have to be
protected uh we spoken directly to the
Israeli government about this particular
incident we've urged a swift a thorough
an impartial
investigation to understand exactly what
happened and as we have throughout this
conflict we've impressed upon the
Israelis the absolute imperative
of doing more to protect innocent
civilian lives be they Palestinian
children women and men or be they aid
workers you know the situation the
humanitarian situation there is
catastrophic and worsening day by day
nothing justifies such a tragedy in this
context the decisions of the security
Council must be implemented including
the recently adopted resolution
2728 earlier blinkin met France's
defense minister to talk about Ukraine
and it desperate need for ammunition and
Equipment the setting was a factory
making long range artillery pieces
dozens of these guns have already been
sent to Ukraine they desperately need
more and the shells they fire French
rhetoric on Ukraine has toughened but
it's still the US that has the means to
really help ke if only republicans in
Congress would cooperate in approving
new funding supplementary budget request
that President Biden has made to
Congress must be fulfilled as quickly as
possible um it's needed now it's needed
urgently Lincoln will be in Brussels on
Wednesday for a NATO foreign ministers
meeting coinciding with the alliance's
75th Anniversary Ukraine and Gaza will
no doubt be discussed there too Simon
McGregor wood trt world