as concerns for Palestinian civilians
rise their suffering is being compounded
by a growing climate catastrophe
according to the UN the region is
already among the most climate
vulnerable on the planet part of the
Mediterranean climactic Zone threatened
by desertification and declining rain
and plagued by water scarcity while the
world's average temperature has
increased by 1.1 de C since
pre-industrial times average
temperatures in this Zone have risen by
1.5Â° and are predicted to rise another
3.5 de by the end of the century the
increase threatens to make the situation
worse in the occupied West Bank and Gaza
where there is already a shortage of
water
globalwork a US agency portal that
reports on Global Water security
sanitation and hygiene says that there's
not enough water to meet Palestinians
needs as Israel controls access to the
precious resource only around 88% of the
Palestinian population has basic access
to water and 31% has access to
sanitation the water system in the
occupied West Bank sees frequent
failures leaving only a third of the
Palestinian population connected to a
sewage Network and treats 5 to 10% of
the Wastewater in Gaza 95% of the water
from the main aquafer does not meet the
basic standard for human consumption
degraded infrastructure that can't be
repaired under blockade means that an
estim ated 90,000 cubic M of raw sewage
seeps into groundwater and flows into
the Mediterranean Sea every day
intruding into the central aquifer and
increasing the risk of waterborne
disease outbreaks rising sea levels
impact the same aquifer and water
sources in the area and threaten to make
the situation worse the issue is
neglected by Israeli politicians and
tackling the climate threat is
impossible for Palestinians under the
current circumstan ances these problems
along with a dense population in the
occupied Palestine territories High
poverty level and food insecurity only
increase the risk of natural disaster
and human suffering in a region already
prone to earthquakes floods droughts and
landslides Sarah Balter trt world