in the ruins of a mosque in Rafa the
faithful held prayers for Eid marking
the end of the Muslim holy month of
Ramadan this is the Eid of Destruction
not the Eid of Joy says this
Refugee despite hopes the month would
usher in a ceasefire there is only a
stalemate with Israel launching a new
wave of air strikes in Gaza killing
three sons and three grandchildren of
the leader of Hamas while Hamas has
reportedly notified Israel that they are
unable to track down 40 living hostages
needed for a deal the president of the
United States and in Washington US
President Joe Biden urged both sides to
find a solution immediately they need to
move on the proposal that's been made
and as I said uh we get these hostages
home where they belong but also bring
back a six we ceasefire that we need now
Biden's words have so far not been
backed by action despite his
increasingly direct criticism of Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu I
think what he's doing is a mistake after
the Israeli strike that killed seven Aid
workers Biden called on his close Ally
to do everything it can to improve the
humanitarian situation in Gaza though
supplies are moving in more quickly the
United Nations says it's far below the
amount needed for humanitarian needs
there's no excuse to not provide for the
medical and the and the and the and the
food needs of those people they should
be done now yet Israel is reportedly
pushing ahead with a planned offensive
in Rafa the US has not put any
conditions on military aid as it warns
about what comes next believing Iran or
its proxies are on the verge of
launching an attack on Israeli soil
deepening American resolve to back its
Ally Jackson prosco Global News
Washington