and just a day after President Biden
issued an executive order targeting
violent Israeli settlers in the West
Bank Canada is considering sanctions of
its own as the Prime Minister called on
Israel to do more to stem the rising
violence against Palestinians ctv's
Kevin Gallagher
reports violent clashes are on the rise
between Israeli settlers and
Palestinians in the occupied West
Bank Palestinian fatti Abu Amar says
settlers are killing our children before
our eyes and we cannot do a thing since
the October 7th Hamas attack on Israel
the UN says Jewish settlers carried out
nearly 500 attacks on Palestinians
killing at least
eight with the Israeli government being
accused of an action the Prime Minister
says Canada is considering sanctions we
are looking into uh how to make sure
that those responsible uh for extremist
violence or extremist settler violence
in uh in the West Bank uh are held to
account for it uh we are looking at uh
sanctions on extremist settlers US
President Joe Biden issued an executive
order yesterday barring four Israeli
settlers access to America's Financial
system and froze their bank accounts
over allegations of violence this West
Bank settlement mayor says it's up to
Israel to prosecute its own citizens it
is surprising that the president decided
to finger point at the small extreme
group of Jews who are acting violently
who are treated by the Israeli law
enforcements and ignoring Palestinian
violence who's been killing thousands of
Jews Palestinians hope the West Bank
will become a future state but some
500,000 Jewish settlers now live there
in violation of international
law far right Israeli National Security
Minister itamar Ben gavier has
encouraged settlers to carry guns and
wants to expand these Jewish communities
into Gaza Canada has condemned Ben gav's
provocative call today prime minister
Trudeau warned settler violence
threatens hope of a two-state solution
Heather Kevin thank you