now to Israel and the Israel homas war
prime minister Netanyahu vowing to
invade Rafa in southern Gaza ABC's Mt
Gutman joins us live now from Israel as
the Us and other allies continue to push
for a possible ceasefire and hostage
release Mac good morning to
you hey good morning Jana and it was a
rough day for us diplomacy Secretary of
State blinkin arriving here in Tel Aviv
for meetings with Israel's prime
minister Netanyahu bearing a double
barreled message cease fire now and do
not not invade the southern Enclave of
Rafa but just shortly after their
meeting Netanyahu making an announcement
that Israel is going to invade Rafa with
or without us support now Israel is
sending a highlevel delegation to
Washington next week and I'm told that
they will be receptive at hearing
alternative ways in which they can
protect the 1.5 million Palestinians
Sheltering in the Rafa area but this
does put President Biden and Israel's
prime minister Netanyahu on a possible
diplomatic Collision Course and it did
not help that this came on the same day
that Russia and China vetoed a US draft
resolution in the UN Security Council
calling for an immediate and sustained
ceasefire tied to hostage releases um of
course Israel is still involved in this
now Six-Day long raid at Al shifa
Hospital's gaza's largest Palestinian
sources telling us that dozens of people
have been killed Israel saying that it
has detained over 800 suspected Hamas
and Islamic Jihad militants and I'm told
from a senior Israeli sour source that
this may be one of the most successful
campaigns of the entire War so far for
Israel Whit but as you know it's still
some serious differences on the way
forward there in Gaza Matt thank
you hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more vide show highlights and watch
live event coverage click on the right
over here to subscribe to our Channel
and don't forget to download the ABC
News app for breaking news alerts thanks
for
watching