the release of two American hostages by
Hamas has ignited hope among the
families of other captives being held
hostage in Gaza two weeks on since the
Israel hamus war started hostages
crisises continue to grip the war struck
Israel yesterday we saw that two mother
and daughter get out from Gaza the Kamas
released them
out ER from the one hand it's a giving
me a hope that my my son om will be out
as soon as
possible several countries have come
forward to negotiate for hostages with
Hamas Tura and Egypt both have
traditionally played the role of
mediator but this time Qatar has emerged
as a significant player qari foreign
Ministry spokesman has now said that
hostages could be released very soon it
is continuously engaging with both
Israel and Hamas for the release of all
civilians Doha also played a key role in
the release of two American hostages on
Friday Judith Tyran and her daughter Nas
shashana ranan are the first hostages to
be
released I feel wonderful um tonight I'm
going to sleep good I haven't slept good
for the last two weeks I spoke with my
daughter she looks good she feel good so
life is good she she will be 18 next
week so it's the best
present she sounds very very good very
happy and she looks good just have hope
and pray to God kiss her and hug her the
brutal humus attack still remains
imprinted on the minds of many Israeli
survivors it was on the 7th of October
that Hamas took over 200 hostages to
Gaza some people were abducted from
their homes while some from the
Supernova Music Festival this included
Israelis and foreign Nationals from
countries like the United States UK
Germany Nepal and Thailand among others
Israel vowed to one of Hamas militants
after one of the deadliest attacks on
its soil in 75 years of its history it
has been ramping its military presence
along the Gaza border ahead of an
expected ground offensive but countries
whose hostages are still with Hamas have
been urging Israel to delay the ground
[Music]
offensive oh