Von's correspondent Jodi Cohen continues
to send us ground reports from Israel in
her latest she interviews an IDF
Sergeant who prefers to remain anonymous
a for security reasons we refer we will
refer to him as sergeant why for the
time being as he talks about his
experiences in the Israeli Defense
Forces on the first day of attack
carried out by Hamas militant group take
a listen to
this so I'm with Sergeant why I'm not
able to give his full name for security
reasons that Sergeant why you were on
the front lines when Hamas started its
attack last Saturday can you describe to
us where you were what you saw what
happened so I was uh in sua which is
south of the Gaza border um around 6:30
a.m. I we hear Rockets Landing all
around our base these big booms taking
our taking our rooms from there we're
called to protect we're called to guard
side to get our again go fight and as we
leave the front gate we're ambushed by
12 uh 10 to 12 terrorists they opened
fire shot RPGs at us through grenades
um but we fought back we managed to get
a few of them and uh they then decided
that an entrance to the front gate won't
be happening and they were tried to back
aate and uh that was
all so I understand that you were
injured in battle can you tell us a bit
about that and also if you expect to
have to go back because we're hearing
about a potential um ground Invasion
from the Israel Defense Forces into Gaza
yeah so currently the only problematic
part of my injury is in my leg I have
some trapal there which is uh caused an
infection um once the infection is gone
and uh the wound is healed I'll be back
there uh I'm hoping to join my team as
soon as I as I possibly can um hopefully
before the ground Invasion so I can take
part in helping defending my
country how would you respond to critics
concerned about the Israel Defense
Forces tactics and also concerns about
Gaz and civilian lives I mean on one
hand you have the Hamas regime who have
murdered and killed innocent Israeli
civilians and on their own side are
blocking them from reaching safety and
then on the other hand you have the IDF
who are trying to give them the chance
to escape and find Refuge down south of
the Gaza border and not being allowed to
by their own people the
[Music]
Hamas