during his second trip abroad since
becoming the Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu is traveling to Paris
on Thursday for a meeting with the
French President Emmanuel macro our
correspondent Jodi Cohen has the details
prime minister Netanyahu is in Paris on
a two-day visit he will be meeting with
president macron for Israel the top of
the agenda issue is Iran and its nuclear
program
on Wednesday Netanyahu gave a media
interview in which he hinted that Israel
has been taking action against certain
weapons developments in Iran that are
used against Ukraine reports from the
U.S suggests Israel is behind the recent
drone attack in Isfahan and Israel has
been blamed by Iran with Tehran vowing a
firm response to this
macron is reported to be Keen to discuss
recent tensions between Israelis and
Palestinians including Rockets fired
from Gaza into Israel early Thursday and
Israeli retaliatory strikes on homeless
targets according to the Elysee Palace
macron has quote expressed his
availability to contribute to the
resumption of dialogue between the
Palestinians and the Israelis
macro is also likely to ask about the
new government's plans particularly for
judicial reform which have seen weekly
protests in Israel Netanyahu has said he
is open to hearing counter offers on the
matter
the last time an Israeli Prime Minister
visited macron was your ear lapid's
visit shortly before the Israel Lebanon
gas deal agreements Netanyahu has
suggested that Regional cooperation is
among his government's top priorities
including seeking peace with Saudi
Arabia his top priority is also related
to Regional cooperation and that's
ensuring Iran doesn't achieve nuclear
weapons but that he's likely to need not
just Regional but also wider cooperation
this is Jody Cohen for weon world as one
foreign
[Music]