now discussions on the humanitarian
crisis in Gaza have changed the
discourse around the Israel Hamas war in
recent days without food water fuel and
other essential supplies the life of
over 2 million people is getting more
miserable by the day and no one is
suffering worse than the children here
we have reports of doctors warning of a
catastrophe in the neonatal intensive
care units in Gaza hospitals given the
shortage of basic life-saving medicines
and the looming threat of power cuts the
care for newborns that is getting more
challenging by the hour in gaza's alifa
hospital a doctor said the neonatal
department is only operating with 10
ventilators there's a shortage of basic
medicines including
antibiotics
doctors treating premature babies across
Gaza they grappling with similar fears
Aid workers say at least 130 premature
babies are at grave risk across six
neonatal
units the care of newborns is also
getting affected by thousands taking
refuge in hospitals in Gaza the World
Health Organization says at least 50,000
pregnant women in Gaza are unable to
access Essential Health Services the
agency added that 5,500 of these women
are due to give birth in the coming
months all of this comes at a time when
at least seven of the most almost 30
pardon me hospitals in Gaza have been
forced to shut down due to damage from
Israeli strikes and lack of Power Water
other supplies as I mentioned doctors in
the remaining hospitals say they're on
the brink Israel's Relentless
bombardment of Gaza Strip has left
thousands homeless and with the order to
evacuate Northern Gaza many more have
been displaced to the already
overpopulated
[Music]
South
[Music]