the UN Security Council will vote on
Friday on a US proposed resolution
calling for an immediate ceasefire in
Gaza amid International concerns over
growing humanitarian crisis meanwhile
the IDF claims more than 140 quote
terrorists have been killed in ongoing
fighting at gaza's biggest hospital
chunu has the
latest EU leaders have called for an
immediate humanitarian pause leading to
a sustainable ceasefire in Gaza agreeing
on a declaration on the Middle East for
the first time since October the EU made
the Declaration at a Brussels Summit
late on Thursday just hours before the
US is expected to bring a resolution to
a vote at the UN calling for a truce and
hostage deal the US proposed United
Nations security Council resolution to
be put to a vote in the UN Security
Council on Friday morning also reflects
greater urgency in Washington's position
it is the first time the Biden
Administration has used the phrase
immediate ceasefire in connection with
the release of all remaining hostages as
experts warn of imminent famine in the
enclave and pressure grows for stronger
international action the US has vetoed
multiple prior UNC resolutions calling
for immediate
ceasefires the vote at the UN on the US
sponsored resolution coincides with
Secretary of State Anthony blinken's
trip to the Middle East East blinkin
returns to Israel on Friday as part of
an intensive diplomatic push to reach a
sustained and immediate ceasefire in
Gaza and to turn Israeli offensive into
Rafa on Thursday blinkin said that
challenges and gaps remain in talks for
a possible deal between Israel and Hamas
at a news conference in Cairo meanwhile
the Israel Defense Forces and Israel
Security Agency said Thursday that
Israeli troops killed more than 140
people in the raid at shifa that began
on Monday the agencies claimed that
Israeli forces recovered weapons and
intelligence documents and arrested over
600 people including senior officials
with Hamas and the Palestinian Islamic
Jihad
organization in a statement Thursday
Hamas denied that its Fighters were
based there and claimed that those
killed were wounded patients and
displaced people tongu arang news