beginning with the Israel Hamas war in
the latest Israeli military has
withdrawn more ground troops from
Southern Gaza the move will now leave
just one Brigade in the area the IDF has
been reducing its numbers in Gaza since
the start of this year the move comes at
a time when there's Rising Global
pressure on Israel and it is being
isolated due to gaza's worsening
situation however the Israeli Army has
not given any reason for its move
reacting to the Israeli military's troop
reduction in southern Gaza Strip the US
White House say that it may be ar rest
and refat operation the
spokesperson said it may not necessarily
be indicative of any new operations
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu said on Sunday that there will
not be any ceasefire until the return of
hostages I made it clear to the
International Community there will be no
ceasefire without the return of hostages
it just won't happen this is the policy
of the Israeli government and I welcome
the fact that the Biden Administration
made it clear 2 days ago that this is
still its position as
well the statement comes at a time when
Egypt is set to host a new round of
talks aimed at reaching a ceasefire both
Hamas and Israel have agreed to take
part in the talks the Hamas delegation
headed by the group's deputy chief in
Gaza khil Alaya is expected in Cairo
while us CIA director Bill Burns of
arrived in KIRO Saturday evening to
attend the talks over 130 hostages are
still in captivity in Gaza and Israel
says it will stop its offensive until
they all returned while Hamas has
reiterated its demands including a
permanent ceasefire complete withdrawal
of Israeli forces and a serious exchange
deal of Palestinian prisoners meanwhile
back at home pressure is growing on
Israeli Prime Minister anti-government
protesters scaffold with police during a
rally in Tel Aviv protesters have been
calling for the resignation of the
Israeli Prime Minister and a return of
all hostages some have been calling for
early elections in the country this as
other countries have also been voicing
concerns about Rising death toll in Gaza
hundreds of Indonesians held a rally in
Jakarta on Sunday to protest against the
war in Gaza the protesters could be seen
carrying posters and Palestinian
flags for all the latest news download
the weon app And subscribe to our
YouTube channel