they are killing children he says
clutching the shoes of his 10-year-old
nephew a blood soaked shroud covers Amar
najar's head wound a father unable to
look at his son's lifeless body also
unable to pull himself
away his mother says Amar was no threat
to Israeli soldiers who raided bin on
Monday he was just sitting in a car with
his father going to the shops when he
was shot in the head and fell into his
father's
lap Amir insisted on going out with his
father even though we tried to stop him
when he was leaving I put the Hat on his
head he asked me why I told him I was
worried about him getting
cold four other Palestinians were killed
in the occupied West Bank this week ages
13 two were 16 one was 18 all from High
Velocity ammunition fired from military
rifles it is typical of Life under
Israeli military occupation
that has been going on for decades by
targeting the children they are
targeting the future of the Palestinian
people so arresting children and denying
them their rights killing them it's like
killing the future of those children
targeting the future of the Palestinian
people International Aid groups say
Israel's military has made Palestine the
most dangerous place in the world to be
a child in the last 5 months it is far
more dangerous far more deadly to be a
child in the occupied territories than
it was for an American soldier in
Afghanistan or Iraq funerals for
Palestinian children little boys young
men is so commonplace and more and more
are dying from gunshot wounds to the
head and
chest Child Protection groups say right
now Israeli tactics are more brutal they
are targeting younger people and
shooting to
kill as Amar nar's family L him to rest
they're asking the same question as so
many Palestinian families before them
why the world is watching children dying
but doing nothing to stop it Zan basravi
Al jazer burin in the occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer