okay so I'm Aya from Tamil Nadu India so
I'm doing my PhD in benguan University
Israel and currently I'm now I'm in my
third year so so I I was here in in
Israel for so far three years for now
okay what is the situation on ground
right now since the morning and are you
in touch with the Indian Embassy there
how are they helping
you okay so yes um first of all it's uh
it's actually the s one we didn't expect
right now because it's actually holiday
in Israel usually Saturdays are Shabbat
but today is another holiday called Shan
it's the religious holiday so everything
is closed completely so we got uh the
siren from the from starting from early
morning around
5:30 so it's like around I don't know at
least only in my city we got to th000
Rockets So we we have a bunker
everywhere like the shelter room so so
from from my apartment it's like just 10
m I just need to go to down so we were
in bunkers for 7 8 hours till the sirens
got off and now we are right now we are
in our apartment we came back out of
Bunker because there is no siren so far
but I don't know because and also it's
closed everything is closed no
Transportation no universities and uh we
are uh asked to stay inside home unlock
the room lock the home and don't open it
without unless it's something very bad
so it's like this is the situation here
right are you in touch with the Indian
Embassy we saw that the embassy has also
issued an statement and what about the
food and all supplies and everything so
Indian Embassy yes there is one person
is contacted me through WhatsApp but uh
yes we have the contacts and uh uh uh
we they are saying we are we will update
us for the future things and ask ask to
contact us if they need if I if you need
something about Foods we don't know
actually we don't know we it's it's all
of sudden so we don't know what we will
[Music]
do