if you want a real ceasefire here is the
right
address this is the phone number of
hamas's office in Gaza you can all call
plus
97599
3765 and ask
for tell Hamas to put down their arms
turn themselves in and return our
hostages this will bring a complete
ceasefire that will last for
[Music]
forever
[Music]
a
[Music]
what would your countries do if you were
in Israel's shoes call for a
ceasefire what would Moscow do Beijing
Istanbul how would you respond everyone
here knows exactly Hamas raped women
committed heinous acts of sexual
violence took women and girls hostage
and he not only refusing to release them
but is also refusing the red cross's
access to them there are no war crimes
more heinous than the atrocities Hamas
committed and those that support this
resolution are giving the terrorists a
free pass a ceasefire means one thing
and one thing only ensuring the survival
of Kamas ensuring the survival of
genocidal terrorists committed to the
annihilation of Israel and Jews I
honestly don't know how can someone look
in the mirror and support a resolution
that doesn't condemn Kamas and doesn't
even mention Kamas by name but you know
what I have an idea if you want a real
ceasefire here is the right
address this is the phone number of
hamas's office in Gaza you can all call
plus
97599
3765 and ask
for tell Hamas to put down their arms
turn themselves in and return our
hostages this will bring a complete
ceasefire that will last forever no
piece of paper especially one that is
adopted by a biased politicized majority
will prevent Israel from defending
itself against those that seek our
destruction Israel is fighting a war for
her future there is not a single member
states here not a single member states
here that would act differently in a
similar situation we shall now begin the
voting
process those in favor of draft 10
stroke
L27 please signify general assembly is
now voting on draft resolution a Str
es10 Str
L27 entitled protection of civilians and
upholding and
[Music]
upholding
[Applause]
[Music]
the result of the vote
153 in
favor 10
against 23 abent
es10 through
L27 has been
adopted
[Music]