[Music]
[Music]
Bri
Jo press
conference stress that we absolutely
support Israel's right to defend itself
in line with international law to go
after Hamas to take back hostages deter
further in incursions and to strengthen
your security for the long term now I
know that you are taking every
precaution to avoid harming civilians in
direct contrast to the terrorists of
Hamas which seek to put civilians In
Harm's Way but I also want to thank you
for the support that your government has
given to the families of British
Nationals caught up in this horror
including your efforts to release the
secure their release and I know that we
will continue to cooperate particularly
with regard to the British Nationals
that are involved can I also say that we
have seen the scenes over the past day
that have shocked all of us particularly
at the hospital and we mourn the loss of
every innocent life civilians of every
Faith every nationality who have been
killed and we also recognize that the
Palestinian people are victims of Hamas
too and that is why I welcome your
decision yesterday that you took to
ensure that Roots into Gaza will be
opened for humanitarian Aid to enter I'm
glad that you made that
[Music]
decision
[Music]
Hamas are the new Nazis they're the new
Isis and we have to fight them together
just as the world the Civilized World
United to fight uh the Nazis and United
to fight Kamas it must together now
stand with Israel as we fight and defeat
defeat Kamas this is not merely our B
battle it's the battle of the entire
civilized world it's the Battle of uh
Israel it's the battle of the moderate
Arab countries it's the Battle of uh
Western Civilization the battle of the
Free World the battle for the future we
have here two forces one is an Access of
Evil led by Iran through balah Hamas and
others that want to bring back the
Middle East to the Middle
Ages
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
oh