H Messi helped Rescue an Argentine
grandmother from Hamas abductors sounds
fake but is true on the 7th of October
Hamas launched an attack on Israel 250
Israeli citizens and soldiers would
taken as hostages back to Gaza
90-year-old Esther kunio was at the
center of a terrifying ordeal alongside
eight members of her family what
happened next one watch this
report I'm from where Messi is
from it was these words that 90-year-old
esuno credits for saving her during the
October the 7th Rampage moments earlier
two Palestinian gunmen had invaded her
home in southern Israel near the Gaza
border Kuno who was born in Argentina
but lives in kabut near Oz spoke about
her horrifying encounter in a new
documentary called V says Del de OCT
Latino stories of
survival as the two Intruders demanded
to know where her family was she told
them she couldn't speak Arabic only
Argentine Spanish she said they asked
what Argentina was so seizing the moment
she mentioned it was lonel Messi's Home
Country
football so I tell him do you watch
soccer he then says to me yes yes yes I
like
soccer so I say to him I'm from where
Messi is from then he replies Messi I
like
Messi then a surreal moment
happened he put my hand like this right
here he gave the revolver to me the
shotgun he put his hand like this and
they took the picture of us and well
then they
left the picture of Kuno with an AK-47
on her lap sitting extra Palestinian
militant went viral on social
media in another part of Israel's near
Oz Coo's grandsons were taken hostage
Kuno says she awaits the return of her
golden
boys and now I hope that Messi knows
that I mentioned him and because of him
I was saved
now I would ask for my grandchildren for
my two grandchildren who are locked up
in Gaza I would tell him to please pray
to God to send them to him because they
are kids who are worth gold one David
and the other
arelio the Hamas attack on October the
7th sparked the devastating war in Gaza
that has raged for more than 5 months
Argentina Peru and mexic meico have said
co-nationals of their countries have
been either killed or kidnapped in the
conflict for latest news download the
weon app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel