[Music]
in the quiet Village of abues on the
other side of the wall Nadia Abu Jama
lives in Exile from the city where she
was Raising her family in Nadia's
husband Gan Abu Jamal was killed during
an attack against Israelis T Aviv
revoked her residency in Jerusalem
forcing her to leave the city and her
children
behind the same day they took me for
interrogation the interrogator canceled
my permits and residency I was told that
everything was over they sent me a paper
the next day it stated that I had to
leave the city in less than a
week Nadia is not the only Palestinian
in Jerusalem has been forcibly displaced
Tel Aviv has often used its ID policies
to force Palestinians to relocate to
other parts of the territories this
holds especially true of Palestinians
living in Jerusalem Palestinians in
Jerusalem not only face displacement but
also risk losing their citizens ships
and residencies this policy has been
implemented against the families of
Palestinian attackers pushing many
organizations including a un Rights
group to label the ACT a form of
collective
punishment but Tel Aviv says it's a
matter of National Security the policy
has also been applied to Palestinian
lawmakers who were arrested after a sit
in and then released into the West Bank
without any papers to allow them to
return to
Jerusalem according to a Human Rights
Watch report in 2016 Israel evicted more
than 1300 Palestinians after demolishing
their house on grounds they were
illegally built Nadia is worried about
how her Exile is affecting her children
she now gets to see them only once a
week they lost their mother as well as
their father in the home they lived in
it was very difficult because they
didn't expect me to move away it was
very difficult they couldn't adapt well
to this their grades went down and they
stopped going out and seeing their
friends for now Nadia waits to be
reunited
with her family like so many others now
on the other side of the wall Muhammad
ham trt World Ral and the occupied West
[Music]
Bank