let's take you right to the region our
Chris Brown is in Jerusalem and Chris
this story is developing quickly and
there is a lot of contradictory
information we do have dueling
narratives uh this morning uh Jerusalem
time here several American networks
along with the New York Times Are
reporting that Israel has attacked uh at
least one Target in Iran but uh sources
in Iran are saying there was no attack
uh and that the explosions that people
heard in the skies were actually the
result of uh air defense systems working
the Iranian media has said three drones
were struck in the area of Isfahan uh
Isfahan and its air defenses as I say
were the ones that took them down it's a
very significant area uh that City hosts
a major military base there's also uh
components of Iran's nuclear program uh
in The Wider area around it as well
we're also hearing uh some Israeli
reports uh that there may also have been
uh Target struck in southern Syria as
well Iranian link Targets in southern
Syria
Ian turn out to be an Israeli strike on
Iran and of course as you say there are
contradictory uh reports about that but
if indeed it does turn out to be an
Israeli strike it raises questions about
Iran's
response well this whole region really
is on a knif sge r now uh remember that
Israel destroyed uh an Iranian Consulate
in Damascus Syria back on April the 1st
and killed several senior military
commanders uh Iran took its time and
then launched a major uh drone and
missile strike involving some 300
projectiles fired at Israel uh Israel's
position was that was not a let's say
valid response that it actually crossed
a red line uh it was the first time that
Iran had struck at Israel and also the
size of the attack required help from
the United States uh Great Britain and
Jordan in order to shoot down all of the
missiles so uh the real concern is that
uh we were in the middle beginning at
the at the cycle of a very dangerous tit
fortat escalation uh that could continue
to grow but uh it's also very notable
that Iran's early suggestion this
evening that U there was no attack uh
might be an indication that the
government there is trying to downplay
this lots of questions to be answered I
know you're going to be working the
story in Jerusalem where it is already
as you point out Friday morning Chris
Brown reporting for us