over 50 days last summer the Gaza Strip
was pummeled by Israeli air strikes and
shelling Israel says it was targeting
tunnels used by Palestinian militants
and trying to stop them firing volleys
of missiles at its towns and cities now
a report commissioned by the UN Human
Rights Council says it's possible both
sides committed war crimes but Israel
rejects the findings as biased it says
its actions in Gaza Were Meant to
protect its civilians and its own
inquiries found it acted lawfully Israel
is a democracy committed to the rule of
law time and again it is forced to
defend itself against Palestinian
terrorists who commit a double War crime
they deliberately Target civilians while
deliberately hiding behind Palestinian
civilians today in Gaza the Hamas
authorities said the report created a
false equality between victims and their
Killers the war left widespread
destruction across Gaza and some
2,200 Palestinians were killed the UN
says most were civilians but Israel
disputes that on the Israeli side 73
were killed mostly Soldiers the UN
investigators weren't able to come here
to Gaza to see scenes like this for
themselves and to meet the residents
because Israel refused to cooperate with
them at the same time there's been a lot
of criticism over how Israel carried out
its own inquiries into attacks that
killed Palestinian civilians
where this was one of the most
controversial incidents of the war four
cousins aged 9 to 11 were killed by
Israeli missiles while playing on the
beach the UN Commissioners criticized
the Israeli Army's inquiry which cleared
its soldiers of any wrongdoing now this
grieving father says Palestinian leaders
have promised him
Justice we'll go after Israel in all
International institutions even the
international criminal court he tells me
we're not going to let Israel
escape it's calm now on the Gaza
beachfront almost a year on from the
fierce fighting but with further
investigations underway the bitter
debate about whether war crimes were
committed here is set to continue yoland
Nell BBC news Gaza