Israelis have come together to observe
the Holocaust Remembrance Day prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu and
president Isaac Herzog called upon
Israelis to unite in memory of the Six
Million Jews who were killed in what was
the largest genocide in human history
in a break from the four-month-long
judicial reforms protests Israeli Stood
Still on the streets of Tel Aviv and
also Jerusalem as a siren marking the
anniversary of the Holocaust sounded
Across the Nation on Tuesday morning
top officials from the Israeli regime
began the commemoration on Monday
evening in a ceremony in Jerusalem the
ceremony was held at Israel's most
prominent Holocaust Memorial and
involved six survivors lighting tortures
in memory of the victims of Nazi Germany
systemic genocide
Netanyahu cautioned Israel to be
vigilant against forces walking towards
the downfall of the Jewish Community
Netanyahu also took aim at Iran and its
nuclear program vowing a crushing
response to its Vice of Terror the
Israeli Prime Minister is currently
embroiled in a trial on charges of
corruption this in the wake of mass
protests across Israel against his
controversial judicial reforms
foreign
foreign
appeal to citizens to observe a simple
prayer on this sacred day and to come
together in Partnership grief and also
remembrance
herzog's office has been mediating talks
between the Israeli opposition and
netanyahu's Far Right Alliance over
planned judicial changes which could see
the Supreme Court stripped off a
majority of its powers
[Music]
all right
Holocaust Memorial Day is one of the
most solemn dates in the Israeli
calendar with ceremonies survivors
sharing their experiences and a siren
which brings everything to a standstill
to commemorate The Six Million lost this
is Jody Cohen for we on world as one
[Music]
foreign