my parents and many other people are
very very old and very ill my mom uses
um um oxygen support my father take
medicine for lung disease they are in
their 80s we ask that them and all other
people that need help um medical help
get to see a doctor get their medicine
get a humanitarian Corridor that allows
us to know that they are treated for
their
condition third we are asking on all the
leaders of the world and in particular
the leaders of the Arab world to come as
one and make sure this that they are
immediately released they would go to
the Gaza border and um load a group of
Palestinian that are you know are ill or
have a condition that need a hospital
treatment that could not be given to
them in Gaza and he will take them to
the other Palestinian Hospital in East
Jerusalem and other Israeli
hospitals um and he did that because he
just believed in shared Humanity he
believed that we are neighbors and that
we have to help each other and at this
moment my my father himself would say
don't bother about me you know I've had
a good life just don't worry about me
but my friend's daughter is there she's
my my son's friend and she's she's
autistic and my friends three children
are there and we are besides
ourselves and this is why I'm here to
make you understand that this is
horrific what the kibuts is gone to is
horrific it's it's built to just make us
horrified it builds to break our hearts
our souls our belief in humanity
and we need your help we need the
world's help to bring those survivors
back home now this is an action that is
built to petrify us to ask us to hate
and to cause destruction and we have to
look at it in the eyes and say no no we
are not just going to do hate because
this is what they want they want me now
to hate they want me to engage in this
senseless horrendous
violence of the mind of the body and we
cannot let that be the story we have to
stand up against it I think that we have
to start by looking at our neighbor and
say acknowledging their Humanity this is
the way forward in the end it's the hard
way I'm not talking about politics now I
do not have the luxury but I know that
for me I can only Survive by saying no
I'm not going to
hate