the hopes of another hostage deal have
renewed in the ongoing Israel Hamas War
as both Waring parties have agreed for
ceasefire talks Hamas Chief isma Han is
set to visit Egypt on Wednesday he is
due to meet Egyptian intelligence Chief
to discuss a new agreement now this
comes after the trilateral meet between
the heads of Israel's mosad and United
States CIA with Qatari Premier in Warsaw
as per report citing sources close to
the talks these talks were positive but
a deal might not be imminent and while
efforts on a ceasefire continue a United
Nations security Council vote on Gaza
has been delayed for the second
consecutive day the vote has been
delayed as the UAE and the US are
struggling to agree on language that
cites a cessation of hostilities and a
proposal to set up un8
monitoring meanwhile Israeli Army says
it is advancing in South as well as
north of Gaza the IDF raided and
detained staff at two of the last
functioning hospitals in Northern Gaza
Israel's defense minister says troops
are working to completely clear out
Hamas militants from the
area
this as the Israeli Army has intensified
action in southern gaza's KH unun City
They carried out more deadly strikes
here on Tuesday the IDF says it added an
entire Brigade and additional forces to
the offensive in the area Palestine red
crescent society says at least eight
Palestinians were killed and 34 wounded
in central Gaza on Tuesday as for the
Hamas run Health Ministry nearly 20,000
gazans have been killed so
[Applause]
[Music]
far
on the other hand Palestinian militant
group Islamic Jihad has released a video
of two hostages pleading to be freed the
two elderly men in the video called for
increasing pressure on the Israeli
authorities to ensure their release this
video has been released a day after a
similar video was shared by Hamas
showing three elderly Israeli hostages
pleading for their release meanwhile
Yemen's houi Rebels have now reacted to
United States 10 member Coalition in the
Red Sea formed to deal with their threat
the iran-backed rebels say the
International Coalition is part of
aggression against Palestinians and
contradicts international law the hoodis
have warned that any country that acts
against them will have its ships
targeted
[Music]
for