allowed some humanitarian Aid it always
allowed its main cargo Crossing uh to
remain open at least in a limited
capacity now everything has been
shuttered completely that is the main uh
Gateway for cargo to go and food and
stuff to go into uh into Gaza that's not
an option anymore so what we see now and
what we will see in the coming days are
shortages of food of fuel electricity
and so forth you also see uh people
fleeing their homes close to 10% nearly
200,000 people about 10% of gaza's
entire population have been forced uh
have been displaced and forced to flee
their homes they're staying uh either
with relatives or in uh un uh shelters
that have been set up so as this uh as
this closure tightens and as it
continues and as more and more people
are forced to flee their homes in the
coming days we see a great risk of a
humanitarian uh crisis unfolding Egypt
is a key player in this whole crisis
Egypt is the one party or one of the few
parties that has relations with all
sides it borders Gaza it has a
relationship with Hamas uh it has uh
security relations with Israel and uh
often serves as a mediator between the
sides so we should be keeping a close
eye on Egypt uh in the coming days there
is a chance as the humanitarian
situation uh unfolds there's a chance
that more and more gazin are going to
make their way to the southern border
with Egypt the question is whether Egypt
is going to allow people in the other
question is uh with the Israelis uh
closing off the cargo uh Crossings will
Egypt step in and try to make up at
least some of that uh that
difference three young children start
from here
one came in driving
motorcycles like this and they took this
entire
sorry