uh just if you have any reaction to the
Washington Post report that uh Israel
used white phosphorus on uh civilians in
southern Lebanon we are concerned by the
reports uh of the use of white
phosphorus obviously there is a
legitimate military use for white
phosphorus but that does not include um
using them on civilians it means that if
you use them you have to do everything
you can to minimize civilian harm um
anytime that we provide items like white
phosphorus or really anything to another
military we do it with the expectation
that it will be used for legitimate
purposes and in full keeping with uh
International humanitarian law and the
law of armed conflict so we're looking
into this and and looking for additional
information we think there are more
things that Israel can do to minimize
civilian harm secretary talked about
some of those week this weekend we think
there needs to be more predictability in
the South for when humanitarian pauses
can take take place uh we need there
needs to be more predict predictability
in terms of the corridors that
humanitarian that that civilians could
use to get themselves out of Harm's Way
and and designated time periods when
those are protected there needs to be
more predictability in those same
quarters so Aid can come in and with
respect to the use of the weapons we
provide and with respect to the use of
weapons that we don't provide but that
Israel uses on its own we have been
clear in all of our conversations with
them that they need to comply with
International humanitarian law and the
laws of war we have been quite clear
with that at the highest possible levels
of this government and that and will
continue to do
so