following the bloodiest 24 hours on the
Strip since the War Began the death toll
continues to mount inar yun's children
are being rushed to hospitals with
Medics fighting to save their lives it's
the result of Israeli air strikes that
Lit Up the Sky overnight here
Palestinians battle blazes across
central Gaza areas a majority of
hospitals are now out of service and an
unprecedented food crisis is unfolding
40% of gaza's population is now at risk
of famine according to the UN Agency for
Palestinian refugees Israel denies it's
a crossborder issue blaming instead the
UN for its so-called unsuccessful
distribution the outcome desperation in
gaza's refugee
camps leave me alone either you let me
live or kill me I don't want to see the
tragedy of my children when they say
they want bread and I am unable to bring
it to them and all night me and my sons
feel cold there's no cover or anything
the necessities of life do not
exist enough of the war enough of the
pain enough of the hunger enough of the
hurting we are tired of everything in
this life there are no more basic needs
to keep living this
way Israel is mounting a major Advance
striking in central areas and ordering
civilians out political and Military
leaders strategize on Israel's latest
phase of the war in the south of Gaza
preparing for many more months of war
the Israeli Army says it's ready to
escalate from our perspective we are
operating under the understanding and
within accordance to the laws of armed
conflict distinguishing between the
civilians that's why we're asking them
to evacuate from specific locations
there is a a distinct possibility of an
escalation and so the bombardment
intensifies with Israeli tanks
pushing forward on all possible fronts
shy Edward stashi trt world