it's been a little over two months since
the Israel Hamas war broke out nearly
20,000 Palestinians have already lost
their lives as per Gaza authorities the
United Nations estimates that 1.9
million of gaza's 2.4 million residents
have been displaced so far and a major
cost of this war is being paid by
children scores of them have been killed
injured or have lost their families
United Nations says 70% of those dead in
the war are women and children
UNICEF spokesperson says every single
child in
Gaza is enduring hell he says Gaza is
now the worst place to be for a child
earlier United Nations Chief Antonio
gutterz had said that Gaza is turning
into a graveyard for children un child
rights committee has said there are no
winners in a war where thousands of
children are killed officials have been
raising concerns over strikes on Gaza
hospitals which which have been
Sheltering many children it's not the
war in Gaza alone where civilians have
become the collateral damage however the
scale of Devastation in Gaza is
unprecedented not seen in any of the
recent conflict ASA reports the number
of children killed in Russia Ukraine war
which is now nearing 2year Mark is
560 this is as part the child children
of War
website in
Afghanistan in a time period of 11 years
from 20 9 to
2020 around 8,099 children were killed
and that's according to a United Nations
report in Yemen in over 7 years since
2015
3,774 children have been killed and this
is according to the UNICEF in Syria from
the start of the war in 2011 to March
this year 3,000 children have been
killed as per the Syrian human rights
Network
in Iraq from 2008 to the end of 2022
3,119 children were killed as reported
by
UNICEF over 7,000 children are already
dead in Gaza war in a time period of
Just 2 months they are living under the
constant fear of shelling they are away
from education and are only looking for
means to survive but the world remains
unclear on gaza's future it's the future
of Gaza its children were paying the
heaviest
price weon is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the
move