Hamas militants well they broke through
barriers around Gaza and roamed at will
killing over 1300 civilians in Israeli
Towns now as a part of Israel's fight
against Hamas the nation's military has
wowed to track down and kill Yaya Sinar
the chief of the militant group in Gaza
this is a name you will be hearing a lot
of Israel has called Sinar The
Mastermind of the worst terror attack
that their nation has ever faced when
hundreds of Hamas gunmen crossed the
borders and rampaged through towns the
International spokesperson for the
Israel Defense Forces said in a
statement that Yaya Sinar and his entire
command team are in our sights earlier
the IDF had also talked about there
being no pause in its attack on the Gaza
Strip until all its hostages are
released
in an interview the leftenant colonel of
the IDF said and I'm quoting here he
chose to send butchers into our bedrooms
to kill our babies and when they chose
to go Forefront against Israel they
signed their own death warrants now
after Israel released images of Hamas
militants handling babies after
murdering their parents several refer to
Sinar as the face of evil a former
commander of Hamas military Wing Sinar
has served for more than 20 years in an
Israeli jail he was released in 2011 as
a part of a prisoner exchange and later
in 2017 after getting elected as the
head of Hamas political Wing in Gaza
Sinar Rose through the ranks of Hamas as
a fierce advocate of armed struggle
against Israel now he is also considered
by the group as their defense minister
now according to the IDF he has built
his career on murdering Palestinians and
that's and that's how he came to be
known as The Butcher of KH yunes in
southern Gaza now as per reports amidst
the ongoing fight Israeli air strikes
had hit the home of Yaya Sinar but they
did not notify whether he had been
killed or
not meanwhile Israel's Air Force killed
mer Abu merad Hamas head of aerial
activity in Gaza City according to them
mer had been responsible for directing
terrorists during the October 7th
Massacre of Israelis in the western
[Music]
[ __ ]