now though tensions are heating up on
other fronts Israel has indicated a
shift to a less intense phase of the war
in Gaza now the IDF has confirmed that
its forces will carry out more targeted
operations focusing in Central and
Southern Gaza the Israeli Army says its
forces have uncovered hamas's largest
weapons production site so far in Gaza
and the IDE of says the factory has been
discovered in boures a densely populated
civilian area in central Gaza it also
claims it discovered underground work
shs which were allegedly used to produce
long-range missiles capable of hitting
Targets in Northern
Israel the IDF also released a video
showing ongoing combat in Gaza and the
alleged discovery of weapons in
Kanis as operations move to Central and
South Israel says there are still Terror
operatives and weapons in Northern Gaza
but they do not function within an
organized military framework idea says
it is operating in a different way in
that
region meanwhile Gaza continues to
suffer massive destruction that these
are the Drone visuals for the territory
showing the extent of damage take a look
at this there are countless buildings
that have been turned into Rubble gaza's
Health Ministry said on Monday that 240
Palestinians were killed and 510 others
were wounded across the territory in
just the last 24 hours on the other hand
months into the war Hamas is still able
to fire a barrage of rockets towards
Israel a Red Alert warning was sounded
in southern Israel on Monday and
explosions were
heard meanwhile Palestinian militant
group Islamic Jihad has released yet
another video of a hostage held in Gaza
pleading for released the video shows
47-year-old Israeli hostage El Kadir who
could be heard saying that he had been
close to dying Hamas and its Allied
group P have periodically released such
videos of hostages over 100 hostages are
still held in captive are hel still held
captive in Gaza who were
taken by Hamas militants after the
deadly October 7th attack on
Israel
[Music]
said