as the war rages on Israel's defense
cost is
surging well the finance ministry stated
in a paper that Israel will need to
raise defense spending by at least 30
billion shekels or $8.3 billion next
year take a look at this next report for
more amid the ongoing conflict with
Hamas Israel grapples with a significant
financial
strain the ministry said that the
overall budget for 20 24 will likely
need to be 562 billion shekels this
compared to 513 billion shekels
previously estimated when the spending
plan was initially authorized in May the
latest revised estimates highlight how
expensive the conflict is expected to be
for Israel the country has committed
thousands of reservists to its military
campaign against Hamas in the southern
gaza's strip Israel has also increased
forces in the north to address threats
from hasbullah stationed in Lebanon for
its air strikes in Gaza and to intercept
drones and Rockets fired into the
Israeli territory it is deploying a vast
quantity of expensive missiles Israeli
Prime Minister Benin Netanyahu has
repetedly said that the conflict would
continue until Hamas is destroyed he and
his government have not established any
schedule for either the larger conflict
or the acute phase of the battle
according to a paper from the finance
ministry the fierce War in Gaza is
expected to stop in the first quarter of
2024 the ministry stated that additional
financing will be required whether the
US provides further help or not it said
an additional 4 billion shekels are
required for higher loan expenses
government revenue is expected to
decline by 35 billion shekel on Lower
Corporation and real estate taxes along
with a decrease in private consumption
the report also wared that should
scheduled taxation remain unchanged the
budget deficit will soar to about 6% of
the
GDP that is significantly higher than
the legally mandated 2.25% threshold the
cabinet is scheduled to examine
potential budgetary adjustments and an
increase in this
capap however the finance ministry
advises that the deficit ceiling should
not surpass 4.5% to 5% of GDP in 2024
for now now Israel's economy is getting
battered but is the country's cost of
War as costly as gaza's humanitarian
cost Bureau report we on world is
one