according to an IDF spokesperson Israel
is allowing safe movement for gazans as
we bring you this bulletin two main
roads in the southern territory have
been earmarked between 10:00 a.m. and
400 p.m. local time for the movement
this comes after the United Nations
warned or the short time given to 1.1
million people to evacuate from that
area in a statement on social media X
the IDF spokesperson said and I quote
for your safety take advantage of the
upcoming time to move southwards from
bit hanun to can Unice and of quote this
map shows the route which has been
allowed by the IDF for safe passage the
route is from B hanon to can yunes the
Tweet further says that the residents of
the beach sand and west of olive will
also be allowed to move
on
Dalal and Alana streets towards Salah
alen and Al bah
streets our correspondent jod Cohen
sends that sent us this latest update
from ranana
[Music]
Israel yes so Israel warned um
Palestinian civilians in Northern Gaza
to move to Southern Gaza um reportedly
about
420,000 people have managed to move
Israel has accused Hamas of stopping Mo
from moving and Hamas reportedly told
people not to listen to Israel's warning
and that it was propaganda and fake news
so in response Israel dropped leaflets
over um the area the neighborhoods of
Northern Gaza to say that it was true
and that people should move to safety
now um Secretary of State blinkin said
said that he's working with Israel to
try and secure safe areas for garans
Israel says it's established evacuation
corridors and that people should go in
these between the hours of 10:00 a.m.
and 400 p.m. today giving more time for
civilians to be able to move to the
safer areas now Israel says it's doing
what it can to save Palestinian lives
while trying to defeat Hamas um which US
defense secretary Lloyd remember said
was worse than Isis and President Biden
has now called them also worse than
alqaeda weon is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the
move