United States and Israel for the twin
explosions that have killed at least 95
and injured over 200 the blast took
place at a ceremony in Iran to commerate
the country's top commander casam
salamani who was killed by a us drone in
20120 Iran supreme leader alah kalmani
has vowed a harsh response while the
president Ibrahim ricey has called out
Israel I War the Zionist regime don't
doubt it you will pay the price for this
crime these crimes that you have
committed you will deeply
[Music]
regret the US has rejected Iran's claim
of its or its Ally Israel's involvement
in the attack it says the escalation in
West Asia is of no one's interest as the
attack comes on the heels of the Raging
war in Gaza which appears
to be spreading across the
region but I do want to address some of
the irresponsible claims that I have
seen circulate and say that number one
the United States was not involved in
any way and any suggestion to the
contrary is ridiculous and number two we
have no reason to believe that Israel
was involved in this
explosion a senior Us official has
signaled Islamic State's role in the
explosions while saying that blast
seemed like a terrorist attack of the
kind the group has been responsible for
in the past Iran has for years battled
Isis which has carried out major attacks
in the country no one has yet claimed
responsibility for the latest attack the
explosions hit a procession near the
sahab AL Zaman mosque in the city of
Kerman large crowds were gathering to
Mark the fourth death anniversary of
irc's top Commander Cel
salomani these images saw the scale of
the devast station in the aftermath
earlier over a 100 people were reported
dead but Iranian authorities have
revised the toll as they say some names
were wrongly registered twice reactions
have come in from across the world the
Russian President Vladimir Putin says
the blast are is shocking in cruelty and
cynicism while Saudi Arabia has also
condemned it calling it a terror attack
the eu's top Diplomat Joseph Bell also
acknowledged it as a terror attack as he
spoke to Iranian foreign minister over a
call while Jordan Germany Iraq turkey
and the United Nations have also
denounced the
[Music]
attack