hammud is 5 years old Manel Z is holding
a poster of her nephew and nieces in
Gaza they are scared for their lives the
Palestinian Canadian woman and her
husband Andrew Fleck are taking part in
a demonstration of solidarity and
Desperation it's tough so they asked
like if I could get them over here as
soon as possible because they do not
have access like to food and medicine
they don't have uh clean water they
don't have access to good to food
Canadian Palestinians and permanent
residents who traveled from across
Canada are united by grief and
determination for a third day in a row
as they stage a silent protest outside
the House of Commons in Ottawa it's a
full silent peaceful vigil with uh with
banners and signs of our loved ones to
tell the government that we have no
words left Vancouver resident Omar
Mansour says he and others have been in
limbo since applying to bring their
family members in Gaza to Canada through
a new program offering three-year visas
we haven't seen any of my of our family
members coming to Canada the government
has not been uh transparent with us
about the numbers of people who applied
and how they are planning to bring
people here why there is a delay on
applications there's been not a
rejection not a clarification nothing
it's been about 60 days and there's not
a single word and the matter is
urgent in a statement immigration
refugees and citizenship Canada outlined
the five-stage process required for this
program adding the ongoing conflict
remains volatile and unpredictable and
Canada's focus is on keeping families
together and bringing them to safety as
quick as
possible they hope their silence speaks
volumes that the time for Action is now
because the stakes couldn't be higher
Nara Global News bernabe BC