Palestinians in gaza's southern city of
Rafa grieved on Monday for family
members killed during an Israeli rescue
operation the Palestinian authorities
official television station said 74
people were killed in the assault there
was no immediate confirmation from the
Gaza Health
Ministry in the operation Israel says it
freed two hostages held by Hamas Israeli
argentine's Fernando Simon Maron and Lis
har they were among about 250 people
taken hostage during the October 7th
raid by militants that triggered
Israel's war on
Gaza the military says 31 hostages have
died so far in the monthlong
war Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu called the mission a perfect
operation while speaking to special
police unit officers who were involved
in it
[Applause]
the military and security service also
took part and this Israeli Army footage
is said to show the men's
rescue as well as their emotional
reunion with family
members maron's niece said she rushed to
the hospital when she heard the news it
was very emotional to see them to hug
them to fill them it feels almost
unreal Israel said a strikes were
launched so its forces could get
out hamas's armed Wings says three
hostages died in their aftermath without
elaborating people in the city said two
mosques and several residential
buildings were hit in more than an hour
of
strikes at this Hospital a doctor says
the dead and wounded began arriving
within minutes my al- nar's father did
not make it the young girl's eyes well
up with tears as she describes what
happened we were in the tent me and all
my family when the bullets all came at
us she
says Ibraham Huna said his relatives
were killed at least two miles from the
military operation he says he's the only
Survivor in his
family my family members were sleeping
he says why did you kill my family while
they were
sleeping netanyahu's office has said the
milit needs to root out four Hamas
battalions in Rafa there are about 1
million civilians taking refuge in the
southern Gaza City after months of
bombardments