we've just had the first night of
Passover in which there was basically a
curfew unprecedented on the Jewish
population here forcing people to stay
home forcing them not to see their
families and Israel's prime minister
said this was a safety measure that
Israel had learned it's lesson from the
previous Jewish festival when they
hadn't really enforced it they'd allowed
all these parties to go ahead and there
was a huge spike in the number of
infections so he said this time nobody
is going to see nobody's going out and
you actually literally couldn't leave
the house and that was the only way they
could think because it's Passover is
such a family festival and so it was
that everybody was celebrating the
festival of freedom locked into their
houses and with the Health Minister
himself being ultra-orthodox has the
tone changed from the government it's
quite interesting with the
ultra-orthodox Health Minister because
there is there have been accusations
that he didn't really follow the
instructions of his own department but
he did he took steps that were against
the restrictions and then he himself
became infected with the corona virus
and he as a result the restrictions here
are pretty strict so they were saying
that all the people who had come into
contact with him then had to go into
isolation they have included the Prime
Minister the head of the Mossad the head
of the National Security Council all the
health officials in charge of this
crisis had to go home he'd been in a
television studio the night before
everybody there had to go home they were
calling him the typhoid Miriam of this
crisis
your reaction Christopher Dickey well I
think we've seen this again and again
where people whether for religious or
political motives decide that they are
not going to listen to the social
distancing regulations they're even
going to mock them I mean the classic
case is Boris Johnson who's still in
hospital now after going around in a you
know coronavirus Ward and shaking hands
with everybody and bragging about it