hundreds of injured patients in
emergency rooms and thousands more who
found shelter in Al quad's Hospital over
the past few weeks are now told to leave
the hospital's management received
warnings early Sunday that it will be
the next Target for Israeli forces an
announcement that the World Health
Organization finds deeply concerning
while the head of the who said in a
tweet that moving patients from a
hospital is endangering their lives it's
not the first time they have been told
to
leave we came to take refuge in the
hospital we were told it was safe here
and now we've been asked to leave
because they want to vomit where should
we go there's no safer place than here
while the United Nations fail to impose
a humanitarian truce in Gaza the
situation continues to deteriorate in
kanuni thousands of residents broke into
warehouses and distribution centers of
the United Nations Palestinian refugee
agency
grabbing whatever they could for
survival and all this in the shadow of
further military operations by the
Israeli
forces the ground fighting in the
northern Gaza Strip continues we are
progressing through the stages of War
according to plan we gradually expand
the ground operation and scale of forces
in the Gaza Strip the ground operation
is complex and involves risks for our
forces too we will do everything in our
power from the air sea and ground safety
of our forces and to achieve the war's
objectives with the first light of day
the destruction of the overnight artment
becomes apparent now as the internet and
electricity are gradually restored Gins
are hoping to continue and expand the
search for their loved ones among the
rubble evangelos csas for cgtn