this was the warning of an imminent
change in Direction in this conflict
leaflets dropped on Gaza by the Israeli
military urging residents to flee
Southward and hospitals to evacuate
roughly a million people are now in a
race for their
lives this happened to us because of
Israel this resident says but the
actions of Hamas and its attack on
Israeli citizens resulted in this
retaliation and Military buildup the
United civilized War has to unite to
help us fight the Hamas the Israeli
Prime Minister welcomed the US defense
secretary on Friday as more American
defense Aid pours into the country but
Lloyd Austin issued a warning that
Israel has heard from the US government
before proceed with caution this is a
time for resolve and not
revenge for purpose and not panic the US
says Israel has a right to defend itself
but that defense could have a
significant civilian toll and escape
from the densely populated Gaza is
nearly impossible with Crossings closed
our Focus now is on helping to create
safe zones and we're doing that with the
uh leading international organizations
America's top Diplomat has been
shuttling around the Arab world where
there are worries about a forced Refugee
crisis but there are also opportunities
no thanks for having us the country
government is eorting negotiations for
hostage releases in the US President Joe
Biden met virtually with American
families of some of the unaccounted for
but this matter is escalating shelling
at the Israel Lebanon border on Friday
has sparked concern that Hezbollah may
be preparing to act a journalist on
Lebanese soil died amid this most recent
incident the situation is approaching an
apocalyptic feel with dire and unknown
consequences lying in waight Reggie
Chini Global News Washington