it's the end of the weekend what has now
become usual Israelis a buck of the
streets they are demanding the rollback
of now halted judicial reforms
introduced by the government led by
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
the process comes just a few days after
several right-wing Israelis demonstrated
in favor of these reforms this
highlights The Divide which these laws
have created in the Jewish State tens of
thousands of Israelis took to the
streets in Tel Aviv for the 17th
straight week on Saturday demonstrations
have been kept up across the country
despite Netanyahu putting the laws on
hold
protesters in the sea of Israeli Flags
marched on the streets with torch flames
in hands and giant banners they gave
reasons for what has kept them up for
protests since months
democratic
now sins of scaffolds were also
witnessed this happened when protesters
tried to block a highway near the
protest site police dispersed to them
and the harmful were also detailed this
week's protest has a high significance
the summer session of Israel's
parliament the knesset is around the
corner moreover thousands of
pro-government citizens have
demonstrated in favor of the reforms in
Jerusalem on Thursday just like the
government they too believe that reforms
are needed to curb the overreaching
powers of Judges amid these events it is
important for anti-reforms for
protesters to display a show of strength
and continue to maintain pressure on the
government the laws give the government
a wider reach over the Supreme Court it
allows it to overturn its decisions as
well as appoint judges these laws were
introduced back in January and since
then have widened the gaps in already
divided Israeli Society critics of the
law say that these reforms threatened
the democracy and will open more doors
for corruption
is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move
[Music]