and tens of thousands of Israeli
soldiers are being deployed at the
border of Gaza in anticipation of a
large ground operation and chief
military Rabbi Brigadier General has
also issued a statement uh saying that
the IDF continues its effort to identify
and locate the missing soldiers
simultaneously with the process of
identification and burial of its Fallen
Soldiers he further added that the
military rinet is accompanying the ident
ification and burial process so far the
IDF has informed the families of 258
fallen soldiers and this is part of a
joint effort involving the home front
command the Israel police Security
Forces government Ministries and local
authorities together with the newly
formed missing person Center to locate
or identify all those unidentified or
unaccounted for let's listen into some
reactions on
this
for
the IDF is calling for the people of
Gaza to evacuate to Southern Gaza for
their safety Israel and Hamas are at War
a war that Hamas started with a brutal
Massacre that left over 1,000 Israeli
children women and men
slaughtered they've continuously
attacked Israel every day since we have
a responsibility to protect our people
and make sure this thing never happens
again that is why the IDF is oper ating
to eliminate Hamas and Gaza our war is
not with the people of Gaza let me say
that again our war is not with the
people of Gaza in stark contrast to
hamas's war crimes hamas's crimes
against humanity we are calling on the
residents of Gaza City to evacuate
southwards for their own safety not just
because it's international law because
it's our values our morals and we demand
no less our warnings are to save Gaz and
civilians civilians that Hamas believes
are more valuable dead than alive Hamas
has already told civilians in Gaza to
ignore the warnings calling them fake
and even stopping them physically from
leaving Gaza City Hamas is responsible
for the people of Gaza the IDF is
responsible for defending the people of
Israel