since fighting in Gaza has resumed after
the ceasefire ended Israeli forces have
now expanded to the South this is
feeling concerns about more civilian
sacrifices in the heavily crowded area
euin tells us
more the Israeli military is rapidly
expanding its offensive to the heavily
populated Southern parts of the Gaza
Strip raising further concerns about
civilian casualties Israeli Army
spokesperson Daniel hagari said in press
conference on Sunday that ground
operations have been
expanded the idea continues to extend
its ground operation against Hamas
centers in all of the Gaza Strip in all
of the Gaza Strip where there is a Hamas
Center the IDF is operating the forces
are fighting face to face with
terrorists and killing
them attacks from war planes and
artillery mainly targeted hunis and Rafa
cities in the south of The Enclave the
Israeli government said the military
struck more than 400 targets over the
weekend which included extensive aeral
attacks in the hanun
area we were sleeping safely and without
a warning we felt a shake a shell fell
over the area and all the houses around
were affected including hours lots of
people were affected in the
area these renewed attacks come after
the end of a week-long pause in the
fighting during which there was an
exchange of 105 hostages held by Hamas
for 200 40 Palestinian prisoners and
detainees concerns over civilian death
tolls are growing as the offensive moves
South because around 70% of the
Palestinian population in Gaza is in the
southern area the Israeli military on
Sunday issued evacuation orders for
several districts of Han Yunis urging
them to go west and south toward Rafa on
the border with Egypt residents however
said that these areas are also being
targeted and they have been unable to
find anywhere
safe
we can't see any safe areas but we move
because what can we do we have children
and all night they're shelling so we
move from area to area but there's no
safety anywhere in
Gaza as of Sunday gaza's Health Ministry
estimates that more than
15,500 Palestinians have been killed
since October many of them women and
children isin arang news