Israel police have arrested 42 people in
relation to the east Jerusalem attack at
least seven people were killed after a
Palestinian gunman opened fire outside
an East Jerusalem synagogue on Friday
night it's one of the deadliest attacks
on Israelis in years police are calling
it a terrorist incident and it comes a
day after Israel's deadly raid in the
West Bank
at least seven people were killed after
a gunman opened fire at a Jerusalem
synagogue on Friday evening the latest
attack amid rapidly escalating tensions
between Palestinian militant groups and
Israeli Security Forces police said the
gunman arrived around 8 15 pm and opened
fire hitting a number of people before
he was killed by police there was no
immediate claim of responsibility for
the attack which took place as
worshipers gathered on the eve of The
Jewish Sabbath but it comes after
Palestinian Islamic Jihad launched
nighttime Rockets from the Gaza Strip
into Israeli territory the Rockets
triggered air raid alarms in Israeli
communities near the border with the
blockaded Palestinian Coastal Enclave
Israel responded to the rocket fire with
airstrikes into Gaza and a day earlier
Israeli Security Forces raided a West
Bank refugee camp where they traded
gunfire with armed Palestinians the
operation left at least nine
Palestinians dead including militants
and at least two civilians
the months of violence which surged
after a Spate of lethal attacks in
Israel last year have drawn fears the
already unpredictable conflict could
spiral out of control triggering a
broader confrontation between
Palestinians and Israel the U.S on
Friday condemned the terrorist attack in
Jerusalem a state department
spokesperson said American officials
were in touch with their Israeli
counterparts and did not expect any
changes to Secretary of State Anthony
blinken's planned visit to Israel next
week weon is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the move
[Music]