Iran has been quick to open a new
Consulate in Damascus a week after a
suspected Israeli air strike destroyed
the last one Tan's foreign minister
Hussein Amir abdulin inaugurated the
building alongside his Syrian
counterparts on Monday as he carried out
a tour of the region he also met with
Syria's president Bashar al-assad both
Iran and Syria say Israel was behind the
attack seven members of Iran's Islamic
revolutionary guard corpse including two
generals were among the dead Israel
hasn't commented Tran a key Ally of
Damascus has vowed to retaliate and once
again accused Israel's main backer the
United States of giving the green light
for the deadly
attack I want to publicly State from
here from Damascus that the US has a
responsibility in this terrorist act and
must be held
accountable Washington has already
insisted that it had no prior knowledge
of the air strike on April 3rd first the
attack hasn't only angered Syria and
Iran but also the Tran backed militant
group Hezbollah in Lebanon one of the
Iranians killed was Muhammad Resa zahidi
a senior Islamic revolutionary guard
corpse commander and the only
non-lebanese member on hezb shura
Council led by Secretary General Hassan
Nala who reiterated on Monday that Iran
would
retaliate there'll be a response from
Iran there'll be consequences
the Americans know that there will be a
response even the Israelis know that
Iran will react I think that the whole
world knows
this zahid's death and hezbollah's
reaction have heightened fears of
Israel's war against Hamas and Gaza
spiraling into the rest of the Middle
East Israel's daily exchanges of fire
with Hezbollah on their shared border of
Lebanon have escalated in the past week
Tran meanwhile has avoided directly
entering the fry in the Gaza War while
supporting its allies attacks on Israeli
targets though it's now warned that
Israeli embassies were no longer safe
after the Damascus attack