no progress has been made at the latest
round of Gaza truth talks in Egypt a
Hamas official told reers on Monday
shortly after Egyptian sources said
Headway had been made on the agenda the
official who asked not to be named said
quote there is no change in the position
of the occupation and therefore there is
nothing new in the Cairo
talks Israel and Hamas sent teams to
Egypt on Sunday for another try at
reaching a ceasefire in a deadly
conflict that's now been going on for 6
months us CIA director William Burns
arrived on Saturday with Qatar and Egypt
also in attendance early on Monday the
Egyptian alaha news had reported that
all parties involved had agree on basic
points the state Affiliated TV channel
said the Hamas and Qatar delegations
will return within 2 days to agree on
the terms of a final
agreement this comes after is Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
stressed again on Sunday his country
would not agree to a Sease fire without
the release of hostages while Hamas
repeated its demands which include a
permanent ceasefire the full withdrawal
of Israeli forces from Gaza and a return
of displaced people Netanyahu said that
despite growing International pressure
Israel would not give in to extreme
demands from gaza's islamist rulers
Western countries have voiced outrage
over what they see as an unacceptably
high Palestinian civilian death toll and
humanitarian crisis in Gaza resulting
from Israel's campaign to destroy Hamas
Hamas killed 1,200 people in its Rampage
into Southern Israel on October 7th
according to Israeli
talles more than
33,100 Palestinians have been killed in
the Israeli response according to the
health Ministry in
Gaza Netanyahu faces domestic pressure
too with weekly demonstrations in Tel
Aviv and out Jerusalem as well
protesters are pushing the government to
make a deal to save the remaining
hostages taken in the bloody October 7th
attack