tonight US President Joe Biden confirmed
11 Americans have been killed in Israel
and as likely others are among those
kidnapped by Hamas listed as a terrorist
organization by many countries including
the US and Canada Hamas has controlled
Gaza for more than 15 years with
Innocent civilians once again caught in
the crossfire here's ctv's Washington
bureau chief Joy
Malin in Gaza City between the bombings
a brief moment of calm to bear the dead
including children home to more than 2
million Palestinians crammed into a
strip of land 40 kilometers
long the death toll is now in the
hundreds civilians CAU in this war
between Israel and Hamas with no place
to
go come Aid the people of Gaza help us
help us this woman cries Israel and
Egypt have maintained a blockade on Gaza
since 200 7 when Hamas ceased power a
blockade that has crippled the economy
and caused increasing poverty for those
who live here Hamas is the ruling power
inside Gaza the Islamic militant
movement has sworn to destroy Israel
responsible for suicide attacks on
Israeli citizens designated a terrorist
group by Canada the US the European
Union Egypt and Japan the barbarity of
these recent attacks and the latest
threat to excute hostages as Israel's
prime minister comparing Hamas to Isis
now the whole world knows Hamas is the
Isis and we will beat him just like
Western world has beaten Isis that Hamas
attacked Israel with such
sophistication by land sea and air has
Washington all but pointing the finger
at Iran Iran is broadly complicit in
these attacks uh for having supported
Hamas uh going back decades for having
provided uh financial support for having
provided training uh for having provided
weapons uh to Hamas Washington is
sending additional warships and fighter
jets already on route to Israel as
President Joe Biden prepares to address
the nation tomorrow afternoon Heather
Joy Malin in Washington tonight thanks
Joy