this is Judy speaking from kibot
o and so happens we are now undergoing a
military operation Judy Weinstein hagi's
poetry is a reflection of her talents
and passion and life close to the Gaza
border no Jackal peacocks or
bombs good start today her last Haiku
published October 7th the day she and
her husband Gad Hagi were captured by
Hamas and the family only just learned
murdered their bodies have not been
released they were really believing and
hopeful that Judy was alive this
beautiful soul this teacher of
mindfulness the rul Wallenberg Center
wants Canada to investigate hamas's
actions in the terror attack of October
7th and Beyond and issue dozens of
sanctions Israel's defense minister says
intensive actions in Gaza will continue
quote until our goals are achieved that
meant fresh air strikes Friday with more
people killed wounded and displaced why
can't we live normally this 13 year-old
lost her home for the second time after
fleeing her first and the thought of me
being killed or my my other brother
being killed just crossing my mind
repeatedly people search through Rubble
for survivors here working to free a
child thousands more feared missing or
buried the Hamas run health authority
said more than 200 people were killed in
strik since Thursday putting the death
toll above 21,000 Hamas does not
distinguish between civilians and
combatants in its numbers there will be
no prisoner swab deal nor negotiations
under fa until the Israeli aggression
ends Hamas released video said to show
attacks on Israeli Vehicles the Israeli
military released video said to show a
new deeper tunnel Network discovered in
Northern Gaza that was later destroyed
and in Han Yunis a child's room with
explosives and grenades may we all be
granted the right to our basic rights of
home food
shelter and peaceful days Judy Weinstein
hagy remained hopeful for peace her
family now remembering that peaceful
nature as her poetry lives on Abigail
Bean Global News Ottawa