I was mentioning that we have been
collecting material since 7 October and
we have certainly collected a great deal
of digital and documentary evidence but
we have had difficulty in collecting
evidence firsthand from Witnesses and
victims to those events that have
occurred in southern Israel on 7 8 and N
October and in Gaza and the West Bank
since then so far as the government of
Israel is concerned we have faced not
merely a lack of
cooperation but active obstruction of
our effort efforts to receive evidence
from Israeli Witnesses and victims to
the events that occurred in southern
Israel we have contact with many but we
would like to have contact with more as
good as the physical evidence the
digital and documentary evidence that we
have is for us in forming our
conclusions and
recommendations it must be supplemented
by the personal EXP experiences of
people of victims and Witnesses of
children women and men who have
experienced what is
happening we are grateful to the
assistance of states that are
cooperating in our
investigations and we call again on the
government of Israel to extend the same
cooperation to the commission's
inquiries I would like to express my
serious alarm over the latest
developments in the region and the
military escalation between Israel and
the Islamic Republic of Iran and the
risk of triggering a regional conflict
it is critical that all parties work
towards a military deescalation at this
juncture and prioritize the mitigation
of impact of conflict on civilians in
Israel in the occupied Palestinian
territory including East Jerusalem and
elsewhere the Israeli authorities have
regularly stopped and denied the entry
of humanitarian Aid into Gaza this is in
direct contention to the provisional
measures ordered by the international
court of justice that Israel must I
quote from the order take all necessary
and effective measures to ensure without
delay the unhindered provision of
urgently needed basic services and
humanitarian assistance in Conformity
with Israel's obligations under the
genocide convention