[Applause]
we now
come we now come to the SNP motion on
Gaza I think it's important on this
occasion that the house is able to
consider the widest possible range of
I have therefore decided to select the
Amendments both in the name of the Prime
Minister and in the name of the leader
of the
[Applause]
opposition perfectly legitimate views on
different sides as to the propriety of
today's
proceedings however I would just say
gently to some honorable members
opposite who have said that that you
cannot possibly have an opposition day
motion being amended by another
opposition
party that some of the members who are
shouting the
[Applause]
loudest point of order leader of the
House
it also appears from the advice of his
Clark that the decision is taken against
the longstanding and established
processes and procedures of this house
and that the consequences may be that
government is not able to respond to
opposition day motions and as such the
government does not have confidence that
it will be able to vote on its own
motion for that reason the government
will play no further part in the
decision this house takes on today's
proceedings taking that I
will the question is that the house do
sit in private as many as I have that
opinion say
I
no
I
regret oh it's ended up it was not my
intention I wanted the
all I wanted all to ensure they could
express their views and all sides of the
house could vote as it was and
particularly the S SMP were ultimately
unable to vote on their proposition I am
and I regret with the
Deep with my sadness that it's ended up
on like that in this position that was
never my intention for it to end up like
this I was
absolutely absolutely convinced that the
decision was done with the right
intention