[Music]
is from gaza
he uses a calendar to count down the
days until his son is released from an
israeli prison
there are just three months left on his
son's 16-year
sentence his family say he was convicted
in 2004 of taking part in armed attacks
against israeli forces
sama used to visit his son in prison
every two months
but after kobe 19 hit in march the gaza
border was closed and visits were
cancelled
today i am 77 years old and i am worried
i am running out of time after my wife
died and it was only me left i was
scared of passing away without seeing my
son and hugging him and coronavirus made
it worse and worried me even more when
the coronavirus started to spread and
the borders were closed that was it we
are unable to see him or visit him until
the coronavirus is over and they start
coordinating with its again
the international committee for the red
cross which organizes the visits says
it's exploring ways to either resume
visits or find alternative solutions
according to palestinian authorities
there are currently around 5 500
palestinians serving time in israeli
prisons scattered across the country the
israeli prison service says there have
been six kobe 19 cases in its prisons
and the suspended visits are to protect
both the detainees and their families
but the palestinian prisoners club is
worried about the true number of
detainees catching kobe 19.
dozens of wardens inside the prison have
tested positive to covet 19 by virtue of
the restricted life of the prisoners and
the presence of the wardens inside the
prisons this poses a serious danger to
the prisoners
seventy-seven years old sam cadre hopes
his son is not infected with coronavirus
and every morning after done prayer he
crosses another day off his calendar one
step closer to seeing his son again
mustafa fatiha's tiato world occupied is
jerusalem
[Music]
you