now in Gaza health workers they've
uncovered at least 60 bodies at a
hospital in the city of Khan Unice and
according to Gaza civil dis defense
those were people killed and buried by
the Israeli forces now Israel's military
has said that it is checking these
reports The Remains were discovered in
the courtyard of nasar medical complex
they were found under rubble and dirt a
total of 210 bodies have been dug out
from the hospital yards since last
Friday the Civil Defense Agency said
that there were m Graves dug by the
Israeli occupation and that they were
shocked when they found 50 bodies in one
of these pits Palestinian officials also
said there were no clothes on some of
the bodies which indicated the chances
that the victims faced torture and abuse
Kazi
Al this comes weeks after Israeli army
forces retreated from the medical
complex and officials are still waiting
for all Graves to be exhumed before they
give a final death to remember intense
fighting raged in mid-February in the
area of the hospital and Israeli tanks
and armored vehicles surrounded it on
the 26th of March mooners grieved in
Rafa as Israel continued to act on its
vow to expand its ground offensive in
the city at least 22 people including 18
children were killed by an Israeli air
strike overnight the night prior another
air strike in Rafa also killed nine
people including six children
[Music]
the latest attack came after the US
House of Representatives approved a $26
billion Aid package for Israel out of
that sum $9 billion are meant for
humanitarian assistance for Gaza and
according to gaza's health Ministry the
death stole from Israel's retaliatory
offensive is now at least
3497 the tally includes at least 48
deaths in the past 24 hours
[Music]