well let's continue the discussion now
on Iran and Israel let bring in curtain
University's dean of global Futures Joe
syracusa Joe first of all what did you
make what were your thoughts on Iran's
attack in the
end good morning Pete well I I I thought
for a moment there that all the red
lines are crossed at once I mean um I
think we should just kind of cut through
all the the nonsense we hear about
what's going on and keep in mind that
the Islamic Republic of
Iran of Israel at War so idea that they
could U the Iranians could launch 300
missiles and then say that's the end of
the game is ridiculous I mean we're at
War and I I just before your show I
listened to the Iranian and the Israel
delegate go at each other in the UN and
it's quite clear the Iranians have got
more on offer for the Israelis and uh
nothing but you know bad news and of
course the Israelis are talking about
what would happen happen if Iran
actually had a nule capability where
would we be today and we know two things
in the last couple months number one
Israeli intelligence got Hamas wrong
they underestimated their capability and
number two uh the intelligence community
in Israel got Iran wrong because they
said they would never get directly
involved well Iran is directly involved
it's under this enormous pressure the
story is is that they're responding to
this attack on their Embassy or culate
in Syria which is ridiculous 45 years
ago almost to the day the the Iranians
They seized the
American they kidnapped 55 Americans
they tortured Jimmy Carter for 444 days
and these guys talked about the sanctity
of of of embassies I mean literally the
um the Iranian Revolution rests on their
seizure of that American Embassy so I'm
not believing a word of it now I I I
think the is I I know the Israelis are
going to strike and uh you know it might
be a case of a counter strike that is
contained and and and very narrow hoping
that maybe the Iranians don't take the
bait here but the Iranians are unhinged
beat these are not rational thinkers you
know the the mulles are going crazy the
ordinary
Persians of course are going to because
they're mainly angry with the regime for
their economic status being lowered over
the years so uh I think it's going to
heat up there and we have to treat this
now as a war