in terms of the challenges that you
essentially face uh let's be very clear
you've given enough indications that
this time it's going to be very
different the war has been going on for
a very very long time but this war is
very different so one cannot perhaps
rule out the possibility of a ground
offensive to take place keeping in mind
the mobilization of troops that have
taken place give us a sense of the
criticality at this point in
time that's very important for viewers
to understand because I I'm sure your
viewers have watched the multiple rounds
of fighting between Israel and Hamas
inside the Gaza Strip and it's important
to remember something about this
particular round it's not a round of
fighting this is a war this is a war
that Hamas waged on Israel that it
launched on Israel with an act of war
with a war crime the October 7th
Massacre when they butchered 1,300
people injured nearly 4,000 people took
nearly 200 people hostages inside the
Gaza Strip that was a war crime Israel
was dragged into it and Israel is going
to defend itself now this is an
operation in which Israel has decided we
can no longer exist with a terrorist
organization like Hamas with its Isis
style atrocities on our borders so close
to our home front at the end of this war
we will create a new reality inside the
Gaza Strip in which the terrorist
organization that perpetrated the
October 7th Massacre the worst terror
attack in world history after 911 will
no longer have an ability to harm
Israeli civilians Hamas is Isis Hamas is
worse than Isis and Israel intends to
destroy Hamas just as the world
destroyed Isis and the whole world
enjoys so much more security for the way
that the whole International Community
came together in order to destroy the
terrorist death machine of Isis in Syria
and Iraq and Israel is going to do
exactly the same with Hamas because we
deserve exactly the same security that
the rest of the world has from having
defeated the awful awful atrocities of
the Islamic State ISIS group