Pro
[Music]
bar
that yesterday there were fing expert
who have come here so this is a disposal
Squad along with the ni uh with the K9
Brigade of the national security guard
coming to the location is a big
development so the probe is certainly
not over the probe is still going
on
after this alleged blast and near the uh
Israeli Embassy here in New Delhi the
National Security Council has come up
with an advisory and it has various
aspects to it if I can read it for our
viewers the the main uh points of these
advisories are the NC has asked the
Israeli citizen to avoid going to any
crowded places be it malls or markets
and places that have been identified as
serving westers or Jewish for example
there are a lot of restaurants here in
New Delhi which are famous among the
Western experts or for that matter
Jewish experts who are here in India the
Jewish uh citizens here in India have
been asked the Israel citizens here in
India have been asked to avoid such
places apart from that uh the Israel
citizen have been asked not to go to an
unguarded
unsecured public gathering be it
marriages be it you know parties that uh
the new since we are in the festive
season be it the New Year parties or the
Christmas parties that are happening
around especially in New Delhi they have
been uh advised against going to these
unsecured uh Gatherings apart from that
the Israel citizens have been asked not
to post on social media in real time do
not give away your location is what the
Israeli government the National Security
Council of Israel has asked the Israeli
citizen which means that the Israeli
citizens should not be posting their
photographs their location pins on
social media beat Facebook beat X or
Instagram to ensure that their
whereabouts are not known to
[Music]
public
this evening several minutes after 5 an
explosion occurred in close proximity to
the Embassy all our workers are safe all
our diplomats are safe our security
teams are working in full cooperation
with uh the local Delhi security and
they will investigate the matter
further