and you should see the horrible things
that Talib has said about Israel and a
RC plus three that's what I call it ASC
just take a OC plus three and you should
see the things that the four of them
have said about Israel over the last
couple of years
I mean Omar is a disaster for Jewish
people I can't imagine if she has any
Jewish people in her district that they
could possibly vote for and then
yesterday I noticed for the first time
to leave with the tears all of a sudden
she starts with tears tears and I don't
buy it I don't buy it I don't buy it for
a second because I've seen her in a very
vicious mood at campaign rallies my
campaign rallies before she was a
congresswoman I said who is that and I
saw a woman that was violent and vicious
and out of control and all of a sudden I
see this person who's crying because she
can't see your grandmother she could see
your grandmother they gave her
permission to see her grandmother but
she grant standed and she didn't want to
do it that's a decision of Israel they
can let them in if they want but I don't
think they want to when you read the
things that they've said about Israel
how bad and if you look at their
itinerary before they found out you take
a look at their itinerary that was all
going to be a propaganda to her against
Israel so I don't blame Israel for doing
what they did I have nothing to do with
it but I don't blame them for doing what
they did I think it would have been very
bad to let them men where's the
Democratic Party God where have they
gone where they're defending these two
people over the State of Israel and I
think any Jewish people that vote for a
Democrat I think it shows either a total
lack of knowledge or great disloyalty