meanwhile Israel officially opened its
Embassy in Bahrain three years after
both the sides normalized ties and as
Washington presses Riyadh for a similar
deal that would be Israel's biggest
diplomatic win in the region while
Israeli foreign minister Ellie Cohen who
is in Bahrain attended an official
ceremony for the opening of The
Diplomatic Mission the ceremony also
included a delegation of businessmen and
government officials no other ceremony
bahrain's foreign minister he said that
the embassy serves as a symbol of unity
Bridging the gaps between the two
Nations that will Foster future of
prosperity for all take a listen
be the Embassy of Israel and the Kingdom
of Bahrain
serve as a symbol of unity
Bridging the gas between our Nations and
fostering a future of prosperity for all
the embassy in bahrain's capital Manama
will replace the first Embassy that
Israel opened in 2021 a year after it
established diplomatic relations with
Bahrain as a part of the United States
brokered Abraham Accords now under the
Accords Israel also established ties
with the United Arab Emirates and also
Morocco moreover Israel's foreign
minister has agreed with his Bahraini
counterpart to also boost trade
relations now during his visit to
Bahrain as he seeks to establish ties
with Israel
his Excellency my friend the foreign
minister and I agreed that we should
work together
to increase the diary the number of the
direct flights
the tourism the trade volume the
investment
Israeli foreign minister Ellie Cohen
arrived in Bahrain on Sunday was
accompanied by a business delegation of
more than 30 companies that are working
in high-tech Logistics and real estate
and after the opening ceremony of the
mission Israeli foreign minister met
with Bahrain Crown Prince Salman bin
Ahmad Al Khalifa in Manama
while the Israeli foreign Ministry is
also leading a political and business
delegation that will promote trade and
investment between the two countries not
only this earlier in the day Cohen also
visited the US's the fifth Fleet Navy
base in Bahrain
[Music]