this morning high hopes for the release
of even more hostages taken from Israel
on Sunday 17 more released including 13
Israelis and four foreign Nationals new
video showing a Red Cross motor cave
through Northern Gaza carrying the first
American freed four-year-old dual
citizen Abigail Moore Edon edon's
parents were killed during the October
7th Hamas attack on Israel her loved
ones grateful to have her back I I want
to thank everybody for all your love and
support Hamas releasing 58 hostages so
far and filming women and children being
ushered to Red Cross Vans Bound for
Israel 9-year-old Emily hand reunited
over the weekend with her father Thomas
who feared she was dead she's lost a lot
of weight from her face and
body uh but generally doing better than
we expected nearly 200 hostages remain
in Hami custody in the West Bank crowd
celebrating the release of more than 100
Palestinian women and teenage boys from
Israeli jails President Biden
reiterating concern about aid for Gaza
I've worked closely with President CCE
of Egypt the Israeli government King
Abdullah of Jordan and leaders
throughout the region to expand the
delivery of critical humanitarian
assistance meantime Hamas informing
mediators of his interest in extending
the hostage swap deal the White House
open to talks the ball is in hamas's
court Israel's cabinet members also
signaling their support Israeli leaders
already saying the pause could be
extended by one day for every 10
hostages Hamas
releases an Israeli Security Source
telling ABC News Israel's aim is to see
as many hostages released as possible
and saying its return to war will be
immediate and
ferocious hi everyone George
Stephanopoulos here thanks for checking
out the ABC News YouTube channel if
you'd like to get more videos show
highlights and watch live event coverage
click on the right over here to
subscribe to our Channel and don't
forget to download the ABC News app for
breaking news alerts thanks for
watching