we understand the judge has ordered a
closed Court what's the significance of
that any information going on as to
what's going on inside absolutely well
we were inside when the judge did make
that order and of course her family are
had Tammy and his family and defense
counsel petitioned the court for an open
trial they said that I had Tammy's
interest would be best served in the
light of day with full transparency now
the prosecution didn't really go against
the defense trials motion at all they
said they had no strong opinions either
way whether it should be closed or open
this was ultimately at the discretion of
the judge he said because I had to Mimi
is a minor she turned 17 just a week ago
actually in court
I'm sorry while in prison said that her
interest would actually be best served
because she's a minor without media in
her face obviously that's not what the
family wanted so everyone's been kicked
out the only people who are allowed in
the quarter of family members and
observers including diplomats who were
here and human rights organizations so
what we do know though is that
preliminary hearings are underway and
the trial has finally started with after
some delays and what do people there
make of this case
well that's a very good question this
case is really polarized society almost
directly down the middle some people see
I had to meet me as the symbol of
Palestinian resistance really embodying
the frustrations that many people feel
especially in the occupied territories
now this slap I had to Mimi's assault
alleged assault on the soldier came
after she got the news that her 15 year
old cousin had been shot in the head by
a soldier and seriously wounded however
here outside of court if we can pan
around into the courtyard here you'll
see all of these people lining up trying
to get in they're here because they
themselves have their own family members
waiting waiting for trials waiting for
proceedings to begin and one lady told
us that quite frankly she's sick of all
the attention that I had to Mimi is
receiving she has a 19 year old son that
she hasn't seen in two months who's
being held by the Israeli military for
unspecified reasons he she said well
what about her child what about all the
other teenagers and minors who are being
held by the Israeli military there's an
estimated 300 of them
[Music]