Israel says it has now set a date for an
invasion of the city of Rafa despite
strong objections from the United States
Palestinians are returning to scenes of
Destruction in areas where Israeli
troops have pulled out for now as Holly
Williams reports many are finding
there's hardly anything left of their
homes most Israeli forces have now left
Southern Gaza and thousands of
Palestinians are moving around freely
for the first time in months for some
that's meant a homecoming to the city of
Han yunas but in their once bustling
communities they found a wasteland half
a year of War has brought destruction on
a colossal scale to Gaza and an unending
descent into
despair Malak mmud showed CBS News
producer Maran Al Gul the ruins of what
was her
home I can't find anything she said I
lost my books and all of my belongings
Israel's military says it now has no
operational forces in southern Gaza and
just one division inside the Gaza Strip
the other division that was there moved
out over the weekend the remaining
troops are positioned along gaza's
border with Israel and to the north
where the Israelis have built a new road
cutting across the Gaza Strip from east
to west thought to be part of Israel's
planning for after the war the military
says the troops who've pulled out are
recuperating and preparing for future
missions and despite us opposition prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu says
Israel's Now set a date for an offensive
in the southern city of Rafa where
around 1 and a half million people are
Sheltering that date though is
unspecified the US says there's a
ceasefire deal on the table for Hamas
but a spokesman for Hamas told CBS News
the latest negotiations in Cairo over
the week weend were a quote setback Gail
oh that's tough to hear thank you very
much Holly