now tensions in the Red Sea are
intensifying as we speak an Indian
flagged crude oil tanker has been
attacked by houi militants according to
the US military the Gabon owned tanker
MV saaba sent a distress call to a US
warship in the area US Naval forces
Central Command has said that no
injuries have been reported from the
strike as of now Indian media reported
indicating that the Indian flagged
vessel was not hit and that the Drone
strike was was a near miss the US Naval
forces Central Command also responded to
distress calls from one other ship under
attack this after Norwegian flagged
owned and operated oil tanker reported a
near Miss of a houti drone
attack in another similar incident in
the southern Red Sea area four drones
headed towards a US Destroyer were shot
down on Saturday they were reportedly
launched from houti controlled areas of
Yemen the Iran aligned houthis who
control much of Yemen have disrupted
world trade for weeks they have attacked
ships passing through a straight at the
southern end of the Red Sea in what they
say is a response to Israel's war
against
Gaza and for the latest on the story our
principal diplomatic correspondent sidan
symbol has sent us a
report the developments of Saturday
impact India in a major way two
incidences took place on Saturday one is
the attack of the coast of India on MV C
Pluto now Pentagon has been claiming
that it was because of an Iranian drone
but there hasn't been any word from the
Indian Navy the another attack was a
huti attack according to the US
government and this took place uh in
southern Red Sea impacting a vessel
called MV saaba now both the vessels had
the Indian crew on board but essentially
when it comes to Indian interest it is
of course something that New Delhi will
be keeping up high given the fact that
this is a clear case of escalation and
spreading up of the Red Sea crisis into
the wider Indian Ocean region now we
know because of the Red Sea crisis where
houis have been mounting attack many
major shipping companies have changed or
rerooted their ships that is adding into
the prices of food and crude oil that
adds into Global inflation but it's the
Indian interest that New Delhi will be
making sure is safeguarded and these two
developments of Saturday is going to
surely raise eyebrows here in India so
for Von in New
[Music]
Delhi