the Israeli Army says it has captured
Parliament and other government
institutions run by Hamas in the Gaza
City Fierce battles are raging on the
streets of Gaza as we speak as the Hamas
gunmen fight back the Israeli forces on
the other hand rocket fire from Gaza
continues to Target Southern Israel two
people were wounded in a missile strike
in Ashkelon the death roll of IDF
soldiers killed in the Gaza ground
operation has gone up to 46 Israel also
claims to have captured the governor's
house in Gaza that housed Hamas offices
for its military wing and
police officers of hamas's Intelligence
Division and other sites that were used
to prepare for the October 7th attack
the IDF also captured a gazen
University's engineering faculty
building that it says served as an
Institute for the production and even
development of weapons early in the day
amid mounting criticism for carrying out
attacks on Gaza hospitals Israel's Army
released a video it claims to show an
Israeli soldier inside a captured Gaza a
hospital the Soldier shows a disgarded
baby bottle a makeshift toilet and
bullet scarred motorbike as evidence to
claim that Hamas held hostages in the
basement of a Children Hospital in Gaza
the alifa hospital was caught in intense
fighting between Israel and Hamas hosp
basement of the
hospital I want you to
understand this kind of
gear is a gear for a major fight in this
motorcycle
y we find the chair a woman
clothes and a
rope a rope next to the legs above it
it's a baby bottle it's a baby bottle in
a basement need to build something
improvising in a hospital in the
basement unless you want to hold someone
in the basement and we see I don't know
maybe
something you see
diapers we can see the ventilation air
that was done improvised to this
area this list in Arabic in Arabic this
list says we are in operation weon is
now available in your country download
the app now and get all the news on the
move