there is fear frustration and mounting
anger here amongst the relatives of the
captives still held by Hamas every day
that passes is a danger to their lives I
was there my daughter was there do not
abandon the hostages we must act now a
deal is required today bring them home
now The Accidental killing of three
captives by Israel's military shock the
country the man emerged from a building
in Northern Gaza waving a white flag
according to a preliminary military
investigation but two soldiers still
opened fire fearing it was a trap that's
against protocol the military also says
the scenario itself of hostages walking
around in a battle Zone was never taken
into
account Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu said the killing of the
captives broke his heart and the
nation's heart but but he defended the
military's prosecution of the war
against
Hamas we will learn and apply the
lessons with all deep sorrow I want to
make it clear the military pressure is
necessary both for the return of the
abductees and for achieving victory over
our enemy without the military pressure
we would not have been able to create a
deal to release more than 100 hostages
and only further military pressure will
lead to the return of all our hostages
[Music]
the killing of the three captives seems
to have forced the war cabinet to see if
it can reach a new deal with Hamas
earlier than it had wanted to the head
of mosad and kata's prime minister met
in Europe on Friday evening according to
security sources and Egyptian security
sources say the Israelis seem to be more
willing to work towards a ceasefire and
an exchange of prisoners Israel's war
cabinet had wanted to wait until the
military had weakened ham before
restarting negotiations but those plans
have had to change Bernard Smith Al
jazer Tel Aviv