this is another of the positions where
uh Israeli forces are here you can see
the artillery artillery guns here and uh
uh there are several positions like this
now the news is coming in uh that uh
around 13 hostages have been killed in
these uh Israeli retaliatory strikes now
this has been released by Hamas whether
it's true or not it's still to be seen
there's no way to confirm this except
that uh Hamas has given this information
this they have released this information
now this is the fear which was uh for
some time that this retaliatory strike
might harm the hostages as well whether
there was any decision taken by uh
Israeli politicians the government is
still not clear but the strikes have
been continuous and uh even while we are
standing here we can uh hear the sounds
of those strikes right behind me right
behind these positions so artillery fire
air strikes all are continuing if I'm if
I if I can hear it you can hear it too
but uh let's come back to the point of
hostages the news is coming in that 13
have been killed whether they have been
killed in actually in the strikes or it
has been something other uh some other
Factor it is it cannot be confirmed at
the moment but there's one thing which
is very very clear is that Israel is now
uh completely prepared to go into ground
assault and a more ferocious attack in
any other way possible these are the uh
these are the positions where we can see
how they have prepared now this this uh
area is uh full of soldiers and the gun
positions as you can see right behind me
so it is in all probability after this
news which has come in of 13 hostages
being killed the situation might
escalate even further from the for front
lines in southern Israel kadan Sharma
for indtv