good evening it's 900 p.m here in s
thank you for joining us on arang news
we start in Gaza where Hamas says seven
civilian hostages have been killed as a
result of Israeli air strikes on a
densely populated refugee camp there and
amid the ongoing crisis hundreds of
foreign Nationals are expected to make
their way out of Gaza chaming dong lead
us
off civilian hostages have reportedly
been killed in Israeli strikes on a
refugee camp in jabalia Gaza Palestinian
militant group Hamas said Wednesday that
seven civilians including three foreign
passport holders were killed on Tuesday
the Israeli military carried out air
strikes targeting the jabalia refugee
camp and announced that it had killed a
top Hamas Commander responsible for the
October 7th attack on Israel Hamas
denied the claim and the Gaza Health
Ministry controlled by Hamas said the
strikes killed and moov wounded hundreds
Palestinian Health officials said at
least 50 people were killed the health
Ministry spokesman said that the number
of victims may be the largest witness in
the war so far meanwhile foreign
passport holders on Wednesday entered
the Rafa Crossing for the very first
time since the start of the war
according to the Associated Press dozens
of people entered the Crossing from Gaza
to Egypt The Crossing comes as Qatar
reportedly mediated an agreement between
Egypt Israel and Hamas in coordination
with the us to allow foreign passport
holders and some severely injured people
to move out of Gaza the Palestinian
Crossing Authority said more than 400
foreign passport holders would be
permitted to leave Gaza on Wednesday the
ongoing Israel Hamas War has so far
killed more than 10,000 people according
to gaza's health Ministry at least 8,500
have been killed in Palestine among the
dead are some 3,500 children taking up
more than a third of the death toll
according to Israeli officials more than
1,400 people have been killed in Israel
Chong adid news