[Applause]
just 3 days before the October 7th
attacks Vivian silver was at an event in
the West Bank held by a group she helped
found but a lifetime spent in the
pursuit of
Peace was ended by the violence she was
trying to prevent it's absurd it's
absurd that she was taken and over she
she was murdered yel Brad worked for
years alongside silver at women wage
peace the morning of the attacks as
Hamas gunman entered kabut ber silver
was hiding in her home but with her
phone now this is another kabut but it's
exactly what was going on in
ber while it was happening silver was
updating friends including browde silver
could hear gunfire and at some points
people in her house she told us say it's
very scary but it's okay and it's
helping me to be H with video you on
WhatsApp and and uh and she had a
wonderful sense of humor so uh she also
she was laughing a little bit about it
the even in the middle of that yes now
with gunman moving around the Kuts in
between texts silver took a call from an
Israeli radio station a host who knew
her and knew how close she lived to Gaza
just a few
kilometers it appears to be her last
conversation H she was sitting in her
safe room she was she said she told us
that she was sitting on the floor
probably
[Music]
hiding now there was hope after silver
disappeared that she was still alive
that like some of her neighbors in this
video she was taken
hostage but when investigators went
through kibuts Berry and what was left
in the burnt out homes they found
something in Silver's safe room not much
but enough to confirm it through DNA
there is no body The Remains are burnt
the ash it's
ashes what is left now are memories of a
mother silver had two sons and a
grandmother she had four grandchildren
and a fifth on the
way but for her friends she has also
left inspiration
in that radio interview even with
bullets and Rockets ringing out she told
the host she still wanted to talk about
peace it's time it's time she said and
then she told the host they'd talk about
it again when everything was over Mike
Armstrong Global News Tel Aviv