in israel the 10 month old coalition
government is in danger nathalie
bennett's government has lost its
majority
this comes after it silma the coalition
chairwoman and a lawmaker from the prime
minister's own yamina party resigned
from the coalition
what caused this resignation our next
report by our correspondent jody gohan
telling you more
i cannot take it anymore i can't
continue harming the jewish identity of
israel that's what the coalition whip
who is supposed to hold the government
together said as she announced her
resignation from the coalition
this week lawmaker edith silman had a
public disagreement with health minister
nitsan horowitz who wanted to allow
breads to be taken into hospitals during
the upcoming festival of passover this
is a time when the majority of the
country traditionally does not eat or
even look at bread and other food that
is not kosher for passover
last week she also spoke out against a
deal that would change the religious
status quo at the western wall judaism's
holy site in jerusalem
despite her warnings apparently prime
minister bennett was surprised by her
resignation and heard about it in news
reports
bennett is now left with only five
lawmakers in his party further reducing
his license to govern in the eyes of
coalition opponents
in an unpolished video which suggests it
was made quickly following the
resignation former pm benjamin netanyahu
congratulated silman's decision and said
that she and other coalition lawmakers
will be welcomed back to the nationalist
camp with open arms
i'm outside prime minister bennett's
residence and the question is how much
longer will he remain prime minister
with silman's resignation the government
has lost its majority in israel's
parliament and this leaves them tied
with the opposition prime minister
bennett reportedly cancelled his
schedule for wednesday to meet with
alternate prime minister and foreign
minister yair lapid and other lawmakers
over the coalition crisis if only one
more person resigns which sillman
believes is likely the government would
fool and israel would head back to
elections this is jody cohen for we on
world is one
we are now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move