[Music]
the Jewish nation state an idea that has
been on the table for decades that's how
a human being our body did me to tell me
that I'm a newbie I dig it but you know
but could it become enshrined in Israeli
law marking a return by Netanyahu's
right-wing government to Zionism and can
Israel maintain its religious Jewish
identity without being racist the
nation-state bill has existed in various
forms for a number of years but it's not
merely symbolic if passed it would have
something like constitutional standing
the right-wing government is pushing it
through supported by Israel's justice
minister Ayelet shaked a member of the
far-right Jewish home party who said in
a speech there is place to maintain a
Jewish majority even at the price of
violation of Rights but advocacy groups
say it is undemocratic and will
discriminate against non Jewish citizens
further reducing the rights of a large
arab-israeli minority who were already
treated as second-class citizens
the bill seeks to enshrine various
Jewish elements in Israel's basic laws
it calls for Hebrew to be the official
language of the state even though Arabic
is the mother tongue of approximately
1.7 million Palestinian citizens living
there it states that the right of
national self-determination in the State
of Israel is unique to the Jewish people
undermining the International Convention
on Civil and Political Rights which
states all peoples have the right to
self-determination the aspera Jews are
also protected the bill gives every view
the right to immigrate to Israel Israeli
authorities have just approved 3,000 new
units for settlers mostly on land
considered occupied territory under
international law Israel promotes itself
as the Middle East's only democracy but
prioritizes its Jewish citizens in law
can a country that acknowledges the
rights of only a portion of its
population be truly democratic
[Music]
you