in a recent demonstration of the highly
charged atmosphere surrounding the
hostage crisis prime minister Benin
Netanyahu faced disruption during a
parliamentary session families of
hostages taken by Hamas militants
heckled and booed prime minister
Netanyahu during his address at the
[Music]
knesset as Netanyahu took to the Podium
to address the country's Parliament the
Israeli Prime Minister was met with
vocal opposition from families of
hostages chance of now now echo through
the chamber as Netanyahu emphasized the
need for increased military pressure and
more time to free the remaining hostages
netanyahu's address came after he
visited the Gaza Strip on Monday and
promised to ramp up Israeli Onslaught
shortly after his return Netanyahu said
the war was far from
over I don't know who is going to come
but if it will be the Prime Minister I
will tell him that he is responsible to
what happen happened in October 7 and he
need to fix it they need to bring them
back as soon as possible cuz they don't
have any time over there in the tunnels
and their life are in danger and we hope
that they
will make a deal as soon as possible cuz
we need to save
them the family members of hostages were
not only inside the canessa they also
gathered at the main gate of the Israeli
defense Ministry complex in Tel Aviv
relatives stood next to a table set with
ourg glasses demanding the return of
their loved
[Music]
ones my sister Ry was taken from the
party on October
7th and we want her back we know that
she's hurt and we know that her wound
wasn't treated
and we want our home we on world is one
is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news updates on the move