pregnant with triplets Ruel swi is one
of at least 50,000 women in Gaza that
the UN agency charged with helping
Palestinians
unrwa says it's struggling to provide
care
for I'm due for a cesarian section in
two weeks I need proper nutrition
especially as it affects my blood with
the vitamins and iron I'm taking but
there is no adequate nutrition available
all the food is canned we want food that
is similar to what we are used to
cooking
even if Rua makes it to the delivery
table due to a lack of basic medical
supplies there's no guarantee she or her
triplets Will
Survive my blood count is nine so they
won't allow me into the operating room
because they're afraid of bleeding and
my blood dropping it would lead to many
complications after child
birth the UN says more than 20,000
infants were born in Gaza since the
start of Israel's deadly assault many
start their lives at alh maternity
hospital in Rafa where there is no room
left for more
newborns as you can see there are four
infants per incubator this number
indicates a significant risk of a
serious catastrophe in the Gaza Strip
including the spread of epidemics and
diseases among infants placing a
pre-term infant next to another who is a
month and a half old as well as several
other infants nearby could harm this
newborn lead pediatrician at alhilal
Hospital Dr Ahmed Al Shah says the rise
of premature births makes it almost
impossible to accommodate all the
infants of course recently we've had
many cases of premature birth in the
seventh and e8th month this is a result
of Terror and anxiety causing
contractions in the uterus leading to
premature birth up to 700,000 women and
girls in Gaza are at high risk of Health
complications and the UN says any infant
joining them will be born into hell obey
deito trt world