now we have some breaking news coming in
this is with regards to the operation
aay that has been launched by the Indian
government as we were bringing to you a
little while back and this is to
facilitate the return of Indian citizens
who wish to return from Israel uh
special charter flights and other
arrangements have been put in place and
the Indian government shows it's fully
committed to the safety and the
well-being of our Nationals abroad let's
have a look at this particular explainer
on
this with tensions running high in and
around Israel government of India has
decided that it will be launching
operation a to ensure that more people
who are of Indian origin who are Indian
Citizen and they wish to go back to
India will get more facilitation they
will have more opportunity external
affairs minister as J shanka had tweeted
that the government is launching
operation a to facilitate the return
from Israel of our citizens who wish to
return special charter flights and other
arrangements are being put in place
fully committed to the safety and
well-being of our Nationals abroad we
have seen uh many such operations having
uh been conducted in past also including
operation ganga uh then operation uh you
know we we have seen people being taken
from other places around the world also
who were struck during the hours of
crisis in Sudan also operation cavari
was launched uh in Israel in t aiv where
the Indian Embassy is today there was
some crucial meeting among uh the
embassy staff and also from Indian
community members senior members and the
meeting decided that Indian members or
the senior uh Unity members will ensure
that all the Indians who have been
spread uh in in the entire Israel in
various part of the of the country uh
their names and their locations will be
listed by this uh the community members
and they will be given to the Israeli uh
you know Indian mission in Israel