like a scene from a century
ago but filmed on
smartphones hundreds of people stormed
dagestan's main airport shouting
anti-semitic
slogans looking for
Jews many make it to the tarmac running
to a plane that arrived from Israel crew
members order passengers back into the
cabin
outside the terminal others surround a
passenger checking his passport to see
where he's from Dagan's Health Ministry
says 20 people were injured although
it's unclear who they were dagistan is a
semi-autonomous Muslim majority Republic
in Russia's North Caucasus in another
part of that region a Jewish Center
under construction was set on fire over
the weekend isn't this something that
our like grandparents um told us stories
about with hundreds of people running
around looking for the Jews to harm ran
LaVine says it's particularly difficult
to watch because so many North American
Jews have roots in the former Russian
Empire where attacks against Jews were
common in the 1800s historically Jews
have lived in the region for a very very
very very very long time Caucasus expert
Harold Chambers says Pro Palestinian
rallies had been banned before Sunday's
Riot there's still frankly a lot of
questions up in the air as to what how
everything was allowed to get as bad as
it was the fact that the police didn't
really intervene is a serious issue
police later made 60 arrests UK Russian
President Vladimir Putin said Ukraine
and the West played a role in organizing
the mob something keev denies the
Russian leader has also blamed the West
for the current conflict in Israel and
Gaza and he invited Hamas leaders to
Moscow last week that and the events in
dagistan have caused concern in Israel
that the world's largest country could
be drifting toward a new outlook on the
Middle East Redmond Channon Global News
London