made it clear made it clear to the
Iranians be
[Music]
careful
[Music]
in
the
and uh already we're uh we're surging
additional military assistance to the
Israeli Defense Force including
ammunition interceptors to replenish the
Iron Dome and we moved the US carrier
Fleet to the Eastern Mediterranean there
were sending more fighter jets there in
that region and made it clear made it
clear to the
Iranians be
[Music]
careful
[Music]
I've known B for over 40
years in a very Frank relationship I
know him
well and the one thing that I did
say that
it is really
important that
Israel with all the anger frustration
and just I don't know how to explain it
that
exists is that they operate by the rules
of
war the rules of war and there are rules
of
[Music]
War
simple and clear message on behalf of
the president of the United States and
on behalf of the American people and
that is that the United States has
Israel's back we have the back of the
Israeli people we have their back today
we'll have it tomorrow we will have it
every day we stand resolutely against
terrorism we've seen the almost
undescribable acts committed by Hamas
against Israeli men women and children
every every day we're learning more and
it is simply heartbreaking we will be
reiterating reaffirming the very strong
message that President Biden has
delivered to any country or any party
that might try to take advantage of this
situation and that message is don't uh
president has deployed as you know uh
the world's largest aircraft carrier
group to the region to make very clear
our intent to deter anyone contemplating
any further aggression uh against Israel
[Music]