the White House is applauding the
release of Hamas held hostages over the
weekend and welcoming the two-day
extension of a truce with the hope that
20 more captives will be reunited with
loved ones in coming days we'd certainly
like to see even that extension extended
further uh until all the hostages are
released that's really the goal here get
all the hostages home with their
families where they belong and we you
know however long that could take people
on both sides of the T border celebrated
the weekend exchange of prisoners held
by Israel for hostage is taken by
militant group Hamas and it surprise
October 7th attack on Israel Palestinian
Authority foreign minister Riyad al-
Malaki speaking in Spain welcomed the
pause any Israeli attack instead of
killing one child will kill two so for
us it is important to try and extend
this truce as long as possible Israel's
leader in welcoming the hostage release
Monday reiterated his main
goal we we are also continuing with the
main goal was set to bring about the
release of our hostages to complete the
elimination of Hamas and of course also
to ensure that this thread will not
repeat itself in Gaza andless say this
widely welcomed pause is unlikely to
bring an end to this complex and for
both sides existential conflict there
are two separate problems the long-term
end to the fighting is going to require
the dismantlement of Hamas probably not
not in any realistic way the complete
elimination of all its Fighters or
capabilities or ideas but the top
leadership has to go hamas's ability to
rule Gaza has to go and I don't see that
as having been changed in any way shape
or form by the current pause in the
fighting President Joe Biden on Sunday
welcomed the release of Abigail Adan the
lone American hostage in the weekends
exchange a little girl named Abigail who
turned four years old she spent her
birthday that birthday and at least 50
days before that held hostage by Hamas
today she's free and Jill and I together
with so many Americans are praying for
the fact that she is going to be all
right in a statement Monday Biden said
he had spoken to Abigail's family after
her release and vowed we will not stop
until all of the hostages held by Hamas
terrorists are released as both sides
take a breath after 7 weeks of war the
world is watching
Anita pal Vie news the White
House