well there have been pro-israel protests
also being witnessed in New York and
they have been sharing pictures saying
that this is what it means to be a part
of a family and we will not stop until
each of our Israeli brothers and sisters
are back home remember there are over
200 hostages still in the custody in the
captive of Hamas it's been a month now
ever since this war broke out and there
have been though around the world
several protests against Israel that has
been witnessed however the pictures
there on your screens are pro isra
protest in New York but even if we talk
about operation iron swads slashing
Terror IDF has now eliminated another
top Hamas commander and well aifa who is
said to be part of uh the de Al Bala
Battalion as he was involved in the
October 7th Massacre planning and he
dispatched thousands of terrorists
planned the assault and abduction and
murder of Innocents yes bti well
absolutely uh another top Commander of
Hamas has been eliminated and what we
given to understand is here we're
talking about one of the masterminds
behind the October 7 attack on Israel
veale ASA is the commander of hamas's
der Al Bala Battalion he has been
eliminated yesterday on the 6th of
November 2023 let me quickly uh tell you
the crimes that he was involved in AA
together with other commanders of the
central camps Brigade was responsible
for sending Hamas NBA terrorists into
Israeli territory during the barbaric
Massacre on October 7th following the
massacre he planned additional terrorist
attacks ve ASA was imprisoned between
1992 and 1998 for his involvement in
terrorist attacks against Israeli
communities and has been involved in the
incitement and promotion of terrorist
attacks against Israeli civilians and
IDF soldiers for decades so not just the
October 7th attack but Israel in fact
was looking for him for uh several such
attacks against the Israeli civilians
and idfs for past several decades and
now finally he has been eliminated right
STI thank you for that update so the IDF
now releasing pictures as far as this
terrorist is concerned eliminated V aifa
who is said to be one of the other
masterminds as well who had been
involved in the planning of the 7th of
October attack with that we head into a
short break the Morning News are
continues on the other side