lighting here is out so we're using
flashlights I'll show you what our
troops exposed just minutes ago in
military terms this is a grab B what you
will be able to see are is military
equipment alive grenade ammunition
fighting vest with Insignia boots and of
course uniforms and last but not least
standard AK-47 understand what it says
here but it's Hamas the military
wingam as we walked through the uh main
Corridor here our troops did a
preliminary search of the area we tried
to uncover the cameras but all of the
cameras have been obstructed you can see
there's black uh tape covering it and
when our troops open this uh closet here
which is in the main part of the clinic
this is what they found these weapons
have absolutely no business being inside
a hospital the only reason they're here
is is because Hamas put them here
because they use this place like many
other hospitals and ambulances and
sensitive facilities inside the Gaza
Strip for their illicit military
purposes so there's Kalashnikov rifles
here even ammunition and let's go see uh
the uh the next part of the uh of of
what we have here um another MRI
machine
all those weapons were not in shifa
there is no no Center or control room
for Hamas in this hospital we avoid all
the hospitals all the time the Israelis
they have said that about rantisi
hospital and they were lying theyve said
that about Al hospital and everyone
realized that they were lying and now
everyone is watching their lies
even with the support of the United
States Administration which is a very
silly and stupid support because you
can't just believe Netanyahu who is a
liar and everyone knows
that
r
give for
youe
fore
[Music]
spee
hello
was