it doesn't matter whether they're
soldiers or civilians as far as we're
concerned there are kids there are kids
they need to come home the problem that
we have
chairman time is running out I'm
thankful that I spoke with him before
they took him I'm just hoping that he
will come home to us it truly is
unimaginable unimaginable that something
like the events of October 7th could
even take
place unimaginable that after 54 days
not only is he still held hostage but
that the Red Cross has not been allowed
access we're deeply grateful for the
support that we've received from the US
government from President Biden who
committed since day one to bringing the
hostages
home there has been some progress this
week butare is still not with
us and the clock continues to tick and
not in our favor
there are still 150 hostages in Gaza
deep under the ground in the dark some
badly injured with no medicine with
little
food so we appreciate your support but
we urge
you to press to bring the International
Community to De to demand proof of life
and other basic humanitarian
requirements and to bring them home as
soon as possible we just came today from
the international lead cost
explaining to them that the way that
they operate in discreet manner is not
the way that we expect them to operate
in this case they need to be vocal they
are the witnesses they are the ones that
see the hostages going out they are the
ones that need to be vocal and get the
International Community behind them and
explaining to the Hamas they need to
know and understand this is not
acceptable by the International
Community they cross the Leed line by
not providing medical attention or by
allowing any type of
visitation and we udge the International
Community this is not a US issue it's an
International Community humanitarian
issue that all of the International
Community needs to get behind in order
to solve this
problem thanks for watching stay updated
about breaking news and top stor on the
NBC News app or follow us on social
media