[Music]
another Hezbollah Soldier is taken to
his
grave he's the latest fighter to die on
lebanon's Southern border a young father
with
children they're shouting they're all
ready to die in this latest battle with
Israel keeping a lid on this is what's
sending Shivers around the region as the
Israeli pounding of Palestinians in Gaza
goes on with every death of a fight so
with every death of a civilian are
becoming more and more frustrated and
wanting to do more to enter the war in
Gaza the Hezbollah rhetoric is not
dialing down in public anyway it's
either that we have a religion we have
morality we have Humanity or not that's
why I tell you we're ready we are ready
for any kind of sacrifices we're behind
the cause we're behind the WRA us people
and we will continue to struggle no
matter what
we don't care about the American threat
or the whole world's threats because
we're confident we're able to take on
any world power all the
Israelis the group which is funded by
Iran has been long feared for its
military powers and Iran's foreign
minister has warned that Hezbollah
Fighters have their finger on the
trigger if Israel continues its
onslaught of Gaza and kills Lebanese
civilians that vow has been sorely
tested with the latest strike on a car
which the Israelis say was carrying
terrorists it was filled with a
journalist family the three little girls
and their grandmother were killed the
journalist
survived you Israelis are the terrorists
and those who support you are too
America is the mother of all
terrorism but the Lebanese caretaker
government insists they're doing what
they can to stop allout War I don't
think there would be a war soon in
Lebanon and I think you know even the
Iranians in hisbah
are not assuring us but saying it in an
indirect way when the Iranian foreign
minister asks about what's happening to
ceasefire people asking for ceire means
do not want
war but with passions high and deaths
Rising Arab leaders who are trying to
calm their citizens across the region
are insisting it depends on the
Americans reigning in Israeli aggression
inside Gaza and doing it
soon they say a Ceasar is urgently
needed and without it it'll be harder
and harder to quell emotions and stop
this war spreading Alex Crawford Sky
News Beirut