the Palestinian militant group Hamas has
launched the biggest attack on Israel in
years the surprise assault that combined
gunmen Crossing into several Israeli
towns also witnessed a heavy barrage of
rockets fired from the Gaza Strip since
then leaders from around the world have
reacted to the attack beginning with the
United States the white house condemned
the appalling Hamas terrorist attacks in
Israel the statement father added that
the president will continue to receive
updates while the White House officials
remain in close contact with Israeli
partners
the head of the Catholic Church Pope
Francis has called for an end to
violence in Israel he has emphasized
that terrorism and War will not solve
any
problems
the United Kingdom also criticized the
attack by Hamas on Israel Britain's
prime minister RI sunak took to X and
said that Israel has all the right to
defend itself and added that the British
authorities by in contact with Israeli
officials for regular updates reacting
to the latest developments Indian Prime
Minister narenda Modi said that he was
deeply shocked by the news of terrorist
attacks in Israel he father said that
India stood in solidarity with Israel
Ukrainian president VOD zelinsky
condemned what he called a terror attack
on Israel and said Israel's right to
defend itself cannot be doubted he
father called on world leaders to show
solidarity and unity in supporting
Israel and condemning the attack by
Palestinian islamist group
Hamas
for French president Emanuel macron
alongside Canadian Prime Minister Justin
tudo condemned the terrorist attacks on
Israel both leaders
to commented on X and showed their
support the head of the African Union
commission to appealed for an end to the
conflict between Israeli forces and the
Palestinian militant group
Hamas and while the wild showed maximum
support for Israel Iran on the other
hand congratulated Palestinian Fighters
for launching the biggest attack an
advisor to Iran supreme leader said that
Iran stands by the Palestinian Fighters
until the liberation of Palestine and
Jerusalem earli this week the Iranian
supreme leader during the Islamic Unity
conference said that normalizing ties
with Israel is like betting on a losing
horse
weon is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the
move