well now to some breaking news CBS News
has learned that us intelligence
believes Iran is preparing a major
attack in retaliation for Monday's air
strike by Israel on the Iranian
Consulate in Damascus now the US has
warned Iran in writing not to attack us
personnel and Facilities CBS of David
Martin is at the Pentagon with these new
developments Iran's supreme leader held
funeral prayers for the Revolutionary
guards killed by an Israeli air strike
as both the us and Israel braced for a
retaliatory attack us officials tell CBS
news Iran is making preparations to
launch a swarm of drones and missiles
timed around the upcoming end of Ramadan
the target is still unknown but Israel
is reinforcing its air
defenses the ways of retaliating can
come from anywhere including Iran
Israel's defense minister said and we
are preparing to face this matter I
think Iran will cast about for a uh
relatively vulnerable Target perhaps an
embassy somewhere abroad something like
that maybe a ship at Sea retired General
and former mid East Commander Frank
McKenzie says Monday's Israeli strike
against the Iranian diplomatic compound
in the Syrian capital of Damascus was
the most significant Israeli attack
against Iranians since the war in Gaza
began it's a very precisely directed
strike that took out key leadership uh
and and I think it's hurt them quite a
bit senior generals were among the seven
killed in what Iran considered to be an
attack on its Sovereign territory caught
the us as much by surprise as it did
Iran even though it was carried out by
an American built F-35 stealth fighter
the US was quick to disavow any
connection we were not notified by the
Israelis about their um strike or the
intended target of their strike in
Damascus still Iran has vowed to hold
the us as well as Israel accountable and
American troops throughout the Middle
East have been put on high alert that
they too might be attacked in coming
days Nora David Martin thank you very
much for that new reporting