Ramadan festivities in the occupied West
Bank are more subdued than recent years
and that's in light of Israel's war on
Gaza mid Ibrahim reports from
ramala this might be the busiest we've
seen the central vegetable market in
ramala since the beginning of the war
but it does not compare to the previous
Ramadan seasons and the previous years
where it would be hard to find a place
to stand really in the market especially
at this time of the day when
Palestinians are getting out of work
trying to gather and buy some vegetables
to share the breakfast meal with the
family Ramadan or no Ramadan the Israeli
occupations measures against
Palestinians continue with the extensive
Israeli raids as well as the checkpoints
that are no doubt preventing
Palestinians from reuniting with their
families in one
table this is the worst Ramadan for us
because of the war on Gaza how are are
we supposed to feel when our people
cannot find food there our hearts are
aching for our brothers and sisters in
Gaza the military checkpoints are very
difficult you never know when they'll
put up a new one they are there to
complicate our lives our economic
Situation's already been difficult but
now with the closures and preventing
workers from working in Israel it's
become even more
complicated despite the occupation the
war the difficulties many people here
were telling us that they were trying to
find some sense of normaly during
Ramadan but all their hearts and minds
are fixated on Gaza they were hoping
that by the beginning of this month they
would see a ceasefire now all of these
hopes have been diminished but their
prayers continue for a ceasefire for the
war to end for the situation to get a
little bit better n Ibrahim Al jaaz the
occupied West Bank