[Music]
now we're getting you the latest details
on the casualties that have taken place
in the Israel Hamas War now in Israel uh
1,300 people have been killed and uh 34
uh
3,418 people have been injured and if
you talk about Gaza then
1,537 people have been killed there and
6,612 people have been injured with
another 1500 Hamas Fighters killed in
Israel and uh on the West Bank 32 people
have been killed and 600 people have
been injured if you talk about Lebanon
there are five people have been killed
so these are the latest figures as well
as far as the casualties are concerned
remember it is the seventh day of the
war between the Israeli forces and the
Hamas group and if we talk about the
casualties then in Israel 1,300 people
have been killed and
3,418 people have been injured and if
you shift our Focus to Gaza then there
1,537 people have lost their lives and
in fact 6,612 people have been injured
with another 1500 Hamas Fighters uh
being killed in Israel and on the West
Bank 32 people have been killed and 600
people have been injured and if we talk
about Lebanon uh there five people have
been killed so these are the latest
figures uh as far as the casualties are
concerned uh in the Israel Hamas war
that has entered its seventh day today
and the death toll continues to rise in
fact in the Gaza Strip the humanitarian
crisis has even worsened as the Region's
sole power plant exhausted its fuel
supply but if you talk about the latest
figures then in Israel over three 1300
people have lost their lives and
3,418 people have been injured uh in the
Gaza Strip
1,537 people have lost their lives and
6,612 people have been injured with
another 1500 Hamas Fighters killed in
Israel and uh in West Bank uh 32 people
have been killed and 600 people have
been injured