now while the international court of
justice probes South Africa's genocide
case against Israel the heg based
international criminal court has now
confirmed that it is also investigating
the targeted killing of journalists well
in the ongoing Israel Gaza War there
have been several journalists who have
died and of course that is creating that
has now brought up this topic as well
now the ICC will be hearing the case
based on complaints filed by the media
advocacy group reporters Without Borders
in November M last year the NGO has made
allegations of war crimes over the
targeted killing of journalists who were
covering the war now it is important to
note that the ICC has jurisdiction over
individuals and States accused of the
crime of genocide war crimes crimes
against humanity and the crime of
aggression meanwhile the international
court of justice acts as a world Court
it decides in accordance with
international law disputes of a legal
nature that are submitted to it by
States now according to of the American
group committee to protect journalists
at least 79 journalists and media
professionals have so far been killed in
targeted air strikes since the war broke
out most of them are
Palestinians amid all the alleged
incident incidents of war crimes against
journalists two cases in particular made
headlines since the 7th of October the
first such incident that came under the
spotlight was the death of Reuters
journalist Isam Abdullah Abdullah was
the was a Lebanese citizen who was
killed by an Israeli strike on
13th six other reporters were also
injured in the strike now the second
incident took place in the past just
this past Sunday when an Israeli strike
in Gaza Khan yunas killed the eldest son
of Al jaz's Gaza bureau chief while Dadu
who you see on your screens right now
27-year-old Hamza Al Dadu was also a
journalist and a cameraman for Al jazer
in the same incident freelance
journalist Mustafa TOA was also killed
and a third journalist Haim rajab was
injured now after the latest deaths the
un's rights office have said that and
I'm going to quote here it is very
concerned by the high death toll of
media workers in
[Music]
Gaza