gazans are hungry and desperate for Aid
they want to return home but there's no
Home worth
mentioning ceasefire efforts are
underway but for the gazans nothing has
changed 200 days into the war it is only
getting worse by the minute the latest
US military vessels are in the
Mediterranean region they have been told
to stand by as us prepares to start
construction of the temporary Pier off
the coast of Gaza because construction
will help boost deliveries to the
coastal territory devastated by over 6
months of Israeli bombardment and ground
operations against Hamas militants
leaving the civilian population in need
of humanitarian
assistance this I mentioned uh right now
we're on track uh to see the temporary
Pier uh be operational either at the end
of this month or in early
May here's what we know about the huge
logistical exercise according to the
Pentagon the plan includes two
components that need to be assembled a
big floating dock of Steel segments and
a two-lane Causeway and Pier the
causeway will have interconnected steel
pieces linked together and attached to
the shore cargo ships deliver supplies
to the dock and the aid is offloaded
onto
barges and smaller vessels known as
Logistics support vessels or s
lsvs after that is done they're taken to
the Pier from there Vehicles will drive
the supplies onto land and into Gaza
even though US President Joe Biden first
announced the plan in early March the
process may take up to 60 days before
the construction
begins in general terms I would say uh
that we would expect to be able to
deliver Aid within days um you know of
course and I will caveat this by saying
I don't have anything to announce right
now in terms of what that Aid could look
like us officials have also said the
effort will inv not involve boots on the
ground in Gaza but American troops will
come close to the bager territory as
they build the pier for which Israeli
forces are to provide security on the
ground
for all the latest news download the we
on Up And subscribe to our YouTube
channel