Republic is reporting life in sedot and
last evening where there were missiles a
constant missile that was fired by the
Hamas T some of them has been
intercepted but some has been hit hard
at the houses in sedarat as you can see
on the visuals it was the visuals of the
last evening where there were mile that
really hits hard at the houses the
entire area has been CAU off the police
has asked all the Resident but you can
see the visuals how the complete house
has been destroyed you can see the
ceiling how really the missile that has
been fired the rocket that has been
fired by Hamas tourist has really hit
hard at the houses of people fortunately
there was no people who were staying
here is what we have been told but now
the police has been the idea forces has
been moving to each and every location
and the visuals on your screen clearly
shows the destruction the people who
were living the normal life has been
completely devastated and now the people
have been moved towards a safer side but
now the condition as you can see of the
house after a missile that was fired by
the Hamas terrorist last evening this is
not the only one place we'll also go to
the other place where you where you will
see uh the same missile has been as as
for the ID stated that there were
multiple missile there were multiple
missile that was fired by Hamas
terrorist last evening uh in sedot and
what we saw there was siren there was
alert a red alert that was constantly
given uh by uh we were getting a siren
red alert but after that we saw that
there were some of the missiles that was
fired and some of them were intercepted
but some of them has actually hit and
now we have been moving to a constant
location showing you the visuals from
each and every area the destruction that
has been caused by the Hamas terrorist
right after the missile that was hit the
visual on your screen as you can see the
groundless one floow the building this
was hit last evening the massage that
was fired by Hamas terrorist has really
hit hard there you can see how it has
been completely destroyed now the police
the igf has been moving apartment to
apartment building to building and
they've been trying to they they're
trying to uh evacuate people who have
been stuck but now the entire area has
been CAU off the complete area has been
[Music]
restricted
[Music]