[Music]
spe
[Music]
[Music]
you got a
p
[Applause]
speee
[Music]
the Israeli military has decided to
withdraw more ground troops from the
southern Gaza Strip as a new round of
ceasefire talks is set to begin the move
leaves just one Brigade according to a
spokesperson for the force on Sunday
they did not give details on reasons for
withdrawing soldiers or the numbers
involved since the start of the Year
Israel has been reducing numbers in Gaza
to relieve reservists Ally Washington
has been adding pressure to improve the
humanitarian situation especially after
last week's killing of several Aid
workers meanwhile Egypt is preparing to
host a new round of talks aimed at
reaching a ceasefire and hostage release
deal both Israel and Hamas said they
would
attend prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
said Israel would not agree to a
ceasefire until the host mes being held
by Hamas and Gaza are released Hamas
said an agreement must secure a complete
and comprehensive ceasefire full
withdrawal of forces from areas occupied
after October 7th and freedom of
movement of residents across the Gaza
Strip Israel's offensive is focused in
the past months on the south of the Gaza
Strip according to Israeli tallies more
than 250 hostages were seized and some
1200 people killed during hamas's attack
one of the sights of the tragedy was in
re Israel at a music Festival where more
than 300 people lost their lives parents
like arz zarfati returned to the site
Sunday to mourn family members killed 6
months prior my daughter was 22 years
old most of our soldiers most of our
very brave special soldiers are children
at the ages of 18 to 21 so this is a war
of children more than 33,000
Palestinians have been killed in the
Israeli offensive according to the
health Ministry in Gaza Rafa has become
the last Refugee for more than a million
Palestinians Sheltering in the territory
near the border with
[Music]
Egypt
[Music]
spe
next
speech
[Music]
spee
for
[Music]
they still
fire
EX
for