rare scenes of Joy among Israelis and
Palestinians early on Sunday as a
hostage and prisoner swap went ahead
between the two sides after new setbacks
that briefly threatened to derail the
truce the doctor waiting there six women
and seven miners made up The 13 Israeli
hostages freed in a deal broken by Egypt
and Qatar with Hamas releasing video
that showed armed men handing people
over to the Red Cross who are helping to
transport the hostages home four
citizens of Thailand were also freed
from Gaza in a separate deal Hamas says
was broken by
turkey in exchange 39 Palestinian
civilians including 33 miners were
released from Israeli prisons according
to a Palestinian news report bringing
crowds of people to celebrate in the
West Bank but the swap on Saturday was
delayed for several hours and cast into
doubt when Hamas accused Israel of not
keeping up its end of the deal and
threaten to withhold the captives
release Hamas said at the time only 65
of the 340 foreign aid trucks that had
entered Gaza had reached the hardest hit
northern areas which was quote less than
half of what Israel agreed on Israeli
forces who released this video said to
be of Aid trucks in Northern Gaza said
distribution of the aid in The Enclave
was implemented by the United Nations
and international
organizations the dispute also involved
Israel's Rel of jailed Palestinians but
mediators from Egypt and Qatar helped
Salvage the situation which underscored
the fragility of the deal katar's
foreign Ministry spokesman told CNN
quote we're hopeful that with the second
or third day of this pause we would be
able to hash out a lot of these details
that made this day so difficult