he is an incredible young man from her
home in the occupied West Bank Elizabeth
price is desperate learning that her son
Hisham awatani may be paralyzed never
able to walk again after he and his two
friends were shot walking down the
street in Burlington Vermont on Saturday
my husband is just devastated by the
fact that he couldn't protect his son
and that this happened in the states and
so how do you make sense of that my
husband really feels like there's
nowhere safe to be Palestinian any
longer hasham was spending the
Thanksgiving holiday weekend at his
grandmother's house along with his
friends and fellow college students
Kanan Abdul hammed and tasheen Ahmed
taking a quick walk around the block
when police say a man walked off his
porch without saying a word fired four
shots and fled police and the FBI are
investigating this as a possible hate
crime because two of the students were
wearing cfas and speaking in English and
Arabic sir this police found the suspect
Jason Eaton the next day when they went
door to door looking for Witnesses he
appeared very nervous uh he was shaking
he produced his hands empty stated I've
been waiting for you uh why is that I
think I need a lawyer police say they
recovered the gun and matched it to the
crime scene family members say they
believe the students were targeted
because they're Arabs hard to imagine in
this time
and with everything that's happening
that it was just a random act US
President Joe Biden released a statement
saying he was horrified
there is growing concern about the spike
in attacks on Arabs and Muslims in
America their famili is now waiting to
find out if this crime will be added to
a growing list of hate crimes Patty
khane alzer
Washington make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer