annexation is one of the actions on the
part of the Zionist movement to take
over the whole of this hundred year
anniversary of something very important
in Palestine during the 30th 1930 and
what that was was the arrival
enhancement of the first civil
administrative in Palestine dispatched
from Brittany
a man called Herbert Samuel was gonna be
the first High Commissioner he was a Jew
and a committed Zionist and the
government sent him out to take over
administration of Palestine from the
British military who then ruled the
country when this happened
the military commander in charge of ours
a man called Lee Boggs was really not
happy at all about this civilian coming
out to take over Palestine and so in an
expression of his anger he did hand over
to hello Samuel and he wrote out a bill
of receipt in which it wanted Herbert
Samuel to sign this receipt which says
received one Palestine complete and we
know that from that moment on the
Zionists who in strength from string
strings Moreland more more Palestine
Johnnie's movement started with taking
78% of the land in 1948 if that's what
Israel
when in 1967 they moved into the West
Bank Eastern saloon Gaza when within the
newly conquered territories from 1967
till today yeah the the movement has
been colonizing these territories in an
incremental fashion so one has to
understand that the annexation is in
fact of formalization of a process that
has happened on the ground by now really
I feel Israel won't rest until it again
achieves the receipt
only this time one Israel issue issue
look at the map if you look at what's
happening you know that the lines
between mixed 1967 and 1948 and very
blurred it is of course an apartheid
state already everybody is aware and
certainly that they are treated as
differently and discriminated against
and that is a partner the only
difference would be that the talk I will
become filled with conformal