after several days of Siege Israeli
forces entered alifa gaza's largest
hospital on Wednesday the idea forces
include medical teams and Arabic
speakers who have undergone specified
training to prepare for this complex and
sensitive environment with the intent
that no harm is caused to the civilians
the building had recently become the
focal point of fighting in the
Palestinian Enclave after Israel accused
Hamas of using it as a base of
operations a claim which was recently
Corr raed by Washington Hamas and P
members operate a command and control
node from alifa hospital in Gaza City
they have weapons stored there and are
prepared to respond to an Israeli
military operation against the
facility despite repeated calls by the
US and the UN to protect the hospital
Israeli soldiers in tanks reportedly
stormed the building in the early hours
on Wednesday according to local
officials some 20,000 people including
medical staff and patients were still
Hol Up Inside the complex the Israeli
Army says it called on civilians to
evacuate before launching its offensive
a request that was deemed unrealistic by
the World Health Organization the people
in the hospitals were very vulnerable
very sick so moving them was uh an
impossible task and you were asking
doctors and nurses to move people
knowing that that would kill them uh and
again why would you need to move them a
hospital should never be under attack
alifa was one of the few remaining
functioning hospitals in the Gaza Strip
Witnesses have described horrific
conditions inside with scanned food and
water doctors performing surgeries
without anesthetics and hundreds of
bodies buried in Mass Graves or left to
decompose in the open due to a lack of
electricity