[Music]
three two one action a line rarely used
in located gaza where budgets are tiny
sets are basic and actors get paid very
little
but following the worldwide success of
foda which depicts palestinians as
criminals hamas has hit back producing a
new pro resistance tv drama called fist
of the free
we have limited capabilities but thanks
to the creativity of our team we can
create and produce films and series that
comparable to the ones made in israel
we know that israel is fighting us with
social media siege and all its tools but
despite that we can produce films like
fist of the free which can reach the
world and show the cause of the
palestinian people and their suffering
the series is inspired by an israeli
undercover operation in kanunis four
years ago which resulted in a firefight
and the deaths of seven hamas operatives
and one israeli officer
niveen munder plays a young palestinian
woman who chooses love over wealth
someone proposes to my character and she
rejects him as she wants to be
associated with another young man who is
working with the resistance
she chooses the fighter over the wealthy
man as she does not care about money the
palestinian girl always seeks to give
what she can to serve the palestinian
cause in any way she can
for those living in gaza making a choice
to fight the occupation is very common
rashad says drama can also be used as a
means to fight back against israeli
propaganda
i turn to drama because i believe it is
an effective weapon in the face of the
zionist narrative and the zionist dramas
which are on the rise we as palestinians
have to do work that matches theirs for
gazan youth the choices have become
limited in light of the blockade and the
difficulties imposed by the occupation
so i wanted to resist the occupation in
this way which i believe has a great
impact
in israeli series arabic speaking actors
are often played by the arab minority
there but gaza's productions do not use
any israeli actors and women still wear
their headscarves even if they are
playing israeli characters
the director of hamas artistic
production group says fist of the free
seeks to show the palestinian viewpoint
the palestinian resistance and the
fighting spirit that resists the
occupation it's a drama series that
represents the palestinian people nizar
sadawi trt world gaza
[Music]
you