Lal Messi helped Rescue an Argentine
grandmother from Hamas ABD doctor sounds
fake but it's actually true on the 7th
of October Hamas remember had launched
an attack in the state of Israel about
250 Israeli soldiers and citizens were
taken as hostages a 90-year-old Esther
Kuno was at the center of this ordal
alongside eight members of her family
what happened next our next B get you
the
details I'm from where Messi is from it
was these words that 90-year-old Esther
cuno credits for saving her during the
October the 7th Rampage moments earlier
two Palestinian gunmen had invaded her
home in southern Israel near the Gaza
border Kuno who was born in Argentina
but lives in kabut near Oz spoke about
her horrifying encounter in a new
documentary called VES de Latino stories
of
survival as the two Intruders demanded
to know where her family was she told
them she couldn't speak Arabic only
Argentine Spanish she said they asked
what Argentina was so seizing the moment
she mentioned it was lonel Messi's Home
Country
football so I tell him do you watch
soccer he then says to me yes yes I like
soccer so I say to him I'm from where
Messi is from then he replies Messi I
like
Messi then a surreal moment
happened he put my hand like this right
here he gave the revolver to me the
shotgun he put his hand like this and
they took the picture of us and well
then they
left the picture of Kuno with AK-47 on
her lap sitting next to a Palestinian
militant went viral on social
media in another part of israels near Oz
Coo's grandsons were taken hostage Kuno
says she awaits the return of her golden
boys and now I hope that Messi knows
that I mentioned him and because of him
I was
saved now I would ask for my
grandchildren for my two grandchildren
who are locked up in Gaza I would tell
him to please pray to God to send them
to him because they are kids who are
worth gold one David and the other
arelio the Hamas attack on October the
7th sparked the devastating war in Gaza
that has raged for more than 5 months
Argentina Peru and Mexico have said
co-nationals of their countries have
been either killed or kidnapped in the
conflict
Von is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move