a second Convoy of humanitarian Aid
arrived at gaza's border with Egypt
today and today Israel's military says a
soldier was killed during a raid into
Gaza CBS 2's Tina Krauss live once again
for us in Tel Aviv with the latest
Tina Jessica Israel is hitting Gaza
harder than ever as it ramps up its
aerial bombardment on Hamas targets but
Palestinian civilians continue to pay a
heavy
price as Israel stepped up air strikes
in Gaza Sunday Palestinians rushed to
try to save a boy trapped in the rubble
the Israeli military says it's taking
out Hamas targets to reduce the risk to
troops ahead of an expected ground
assault at kabut beeri where Hamas
massacred more than 100 people including
young children and took others hostage
bulldozers work to clear debris from
destroyed homes I saw bodies in my life
I saw disasters but never something like
that at gaza's border with Egypt more
humanitarian Aid arrived but it's just a
fraction of what's desperately needed in
Gaza which has been sealed off amid
Israel's concerns that any supplies
could end up in the hands of Hamas
Palestinians with dual nationalities
wait at the border hoping to escape the
violence my home is have a strike last
night and I have injury in my hand and
in my head in a show of support for
Israel a bipartisan group of US senators
is here in Tel Aviv they delivered a
warning to Iran which backs both Hamas
and Hezbollah militants in Lebanon to
keep the war from escalating we're here
today to tell Iran we watching you if
this war grows it's coming to your
backyard Israel and Hezbollah have been
trading shots along their border almost
daily since the War
Began Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu met with Commandos at Israel's
northern border Sunday telling them if
Hezbollah decides to enter the war it
will make the mistake of its
life if this war between Israel and
Hamas spirals into a wider conflict in
the Middle East US defense secretary
Lloyd Austin said today America will not
hesitate to act Jessica all right Tina
Krauss thank you