bring our Middle East correspondent
alist bun who's joining us from
Jerusalem Ali great to have you with us
what more do we know about this
situation
now well isier seems to have confirmed
the killing of his sons and some family
members there were reports that um some
of his grandchildren have also been
killed in this Israeli air strike the
Israeli military the Israeli Defense
Forces have not yet commented on it um
but it does seem as though uh it is
accurate because hania himself who lives
in Exile in Doha
has confirmed it and spoken about it uh
to the AL jazer Channel which is also
based in
Doha it happened we believe in the
shatti refugee camp which is Northern
Gaza uh in Gaza City which is also where
hiier is originally from I think the
timing is possibly no coincidence there
are a lot of rumors around at the moment
particularly over recent hours that
Hamas
is inclined to reject the latest
ceasefire proposal on the table and the
reason being is that Hamas feels that
it's in a pretty strong position at the
moment um for a number of reasons one
because Israel has withdrawn all of its
forces from Southern Gaza and really
left a very small Force inside Gaza and
secondly because there is now uh a
much larger amount of humanitarian Aid
getting to Gaza not enough but much much
larger and so uh the the rumors are is
that all that considered Hamas does not
want uh to go ahead with a ceas far at
the moment unless all of its demands are
met it feels that it's got a a strong
hand and so the the thinking behind this
strike on
ish's um sons and other family members
is it could be designed to try and
reassert Military pressure on Hamas to
agree to that ceasefire but Han
commenting on that uh has said that if
that was the tactic it was uh in his
words delusional