from a shipping container to a mass
grave in Rafa and Southern Gaza a
bulldozer moves Palestinian bodies by
the Dozen this is the final resting
place for just some of the more than
30,000 people killed by the Israeli
military Onslaught on this tiny strip of
land do you see we are dying like Lambs
these are mass Graves Muslims are dying
everyone will be held accountable before
God scores watch as identical blue body
bags pile one on top of the other layers
of sand are then piled on top of them
before another row arrives children
watch on little semblance of Innocence
left to protect in a place that has
become hell on Earth Rafa was supposed
to be where Palestinians would be safe
where Israel told them to flee as its
military operation decimated the rest of
this tiny Enclave of Gaza instead a
looming attack here threatens at least
1.3 million people believe to be here
some 3 quarters of all Palestinians in
the
strip for those that have miraculously
survived the daily air strikes and
military assault the Spectre of famine
now stalks them threatening death on an
even larger scale air drops of age from
the UAE and Egypt continued on Thursday
it will help some but without supplies
coming in on land too many will still
starve agencies from the United Nations
have warned that the war and limits on
Aid have pushed 90% of gaza's population
to food
insecurity what have we done to deserve
this war this suffering we sit in our
homes with dignity but we are suffering
what is our fault
here yet at this camp in Rafa hope is
the scarcest resource of all whether or
not cairo's ceasefire talks bring any
rest bite from The Assault on Gaza for
Palestinians this is something they will
never recover from trt world