morning continues for the Palestinian
teenager who was kidnapped and murdered
earlier this week residents of shufat in
East Jerusalem believe the killing was
carried out by Israeli settlers and say
Their Fear there could be more
attacks one relation of the murdered
teenager said we don't feel safe anymore
and we will protest we won't be quiet as
mothers if we could we would have
destroyed them with our own hands and we
don't want the Israelis to come into our
neighborhoods an autopsy has revealed
that Muhammad Abu kader was burnt alive
his child body was found in a forest
hours after he was abducted locals say
there were more than 25 security cameras
in the street where he was taken they
accuse Israeli authorities of taking the
footage not to find the perpetrators but
to cover up for
them a cousin of Muhammad's father says
the Israeli Security Services seem to
have a LAX attitude about arresting the
culprits despite the fact they know
their identity and the car that was used
for the
kidnapping Israeli police say they're
continuing with their investigation to
find those
[Music]
responsible another local said
Palestinians are defending their
legitimate rights it's Palestinian land
and it's their right to defend it but
here in Jerusalem we've only got Stones
we don't have weapons or anything else
to defend
ourselves tensions remain high in the
area under constant attack is a new
Tramway linking the center of Jerusalem
with Israeli settlements in East
Jerusalem the settlements are deemed
illegal under international law our
correspondent in Jerusalem says the
Tramway line connects the city center of
Jerusalem with the settlements in the
north passing through several Arab
districts the municipality of Jerusalem
presented it as a unifying project but
the riots during the last three days
show that the unity only exists on
paper news