the Kremlin has blamed the storming of
an airport in southern Russia by an
anti-israeli mob on outside
influence spokesman Dimitri pcov told
reporters on Monday that ill-wishers had
used images of suffering in Gaza to
inflame tensions in Russia's
predominantly Muslim dagistan region in
the north Caucasus though he did not
specify who the Kremlin believed had
engineered the violence or
why hundreds of protesters aimim to
disrupt the arrival of a plane from
Israel on Sunday leading to dozens of
arrests videos obtained by Reuters from
the airport showed mostly young men
waving Palestinian Flags 20 people were
wounded at the airport before Security
Forces contained the unrest local
authorities said the passengers on the
plane were safe Security Forces told
Reuters the unrest followed several
other anti-israel incidents in recent
days in Russia's North Caucasus region
in response to Israel's war against
Hamas militants in Gaza in the wake of
the attack Russian police took control
of the airport in Regional Capital
makatala the Russian Aviation Authority
then closed the facility canceling all
flights until Security checks have been
completed dagani local government
footage released on Monday showed
airport officials inspecting the damage
and telling Regional leaders how
protesters threw cobblestones at the
facility we are working we are ready our
equipment is in operational M only the
passport control booths sustain some
mechanical damage Russia's interior
Ministry said it had so far identified
150 of what it called the most active
protesters Regional leaders in two other
areas of the northern Caucasus called
for calm a similar appeal was issued by
dagestan's Chief Muslim cleric or Muti
while Israel urged Russian authorities
to protect Israelis and Jews in their
jurisdictions adding that the Israeli
Ambassador in Moscow was working with
Russian
authorities