[Music]
this will be a different kind of
War because Hamas is a different kind of
enemy while Israel seeks to minimize
civilian casualties Hamas seeks to
maximize civilian casualties Hamas wants
to kill as as many Israelis as possible
and has no regard whatsoever to
Palestinian lives every day they
perpetrate a double War crime targeting
our civilians while hiding behind their
civilians embedding themselves in the
civilian population and using them as
human
[Music]
Shields we saw the cost of this terrible
War crime yesterday when a rocket fired
by a Palestinian terrorist misfired and
landed on a Palestinian
Hospital the entire world was rightfully
outraged but this outrage should be
directed not in Israel but at the
terrorist as we proceed in this war
Israel will do everything it can to keep
civilians out of Harm's Way we have
asked them and we continue to ask them
to move to safer areas will continue to
to work with you Mr
President to assure that the minimal
requirements are met and we'll continue
to work together to get our hostages
[Music]
out
[Music]
[Music]
based on the information we've seen to
date it appears a result of an errant
rocket fired by a terrorist group on God
AA the United States unequivocally
stands for the protection of civilian
life during conflict and I grieve I
truly grieve for the families who were
killed or wounded by this
[Music]
tragedy
m
[Music]
for
[Music]
every member will know that the words we
say here have an impact Beyond this
house this morning I met with the
National Security adviser but also the
chair of the joint intelligence
committee I can tell the honorable
gentleman our intelligence Services have
been rapidly analyzing the evidence to
independently establish the fact
[Music]
Max
oh
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Justice must be
done but I caution this while you feel
that rage
don't be consumed by it after 9/11 we
were enraged in the United States while
we sought Justice and got Justice we
also made
mistakes
oh