in the latest information coming in more
Rockets are striking at Tel Aviv in
Israel and this is one by one from Hamas
the pounding that's happening now in Tel
Aviv remember till now it was in the
Border areas and Tel Aviv primarily was
where there were preventive measures
being taken we are being told that late
night attack has taken place on Tel Aviv
as well Iron Dome system managed to
destroy the Rockets but there were air
red sirens and people headed to the
shelters you can hear the blasts now
this is second blast two blasts in the
center of T
Aviv this is a second
blast one more that was a third
one so these are generally rocket fire
and maybe some drone fire
and also sometime we hear the blast
because the Iron Dome the air defense
Shield which is working is destroying
these rockets in the air
itself all right so you can hear this
time remember even in Tel Aviv where
there are Sirens that are heard but now
there are explosions also being heard
which means that the war appears not
just on the borders of Israel with
Lebanon and Gaza but also in Tel Aviv
look at that look at the visuals on your
screen now this is what you see is the
Iron Dome the Iron Dome which is known
as the most sophisticated defense
mechanism that Israel has that for all
the Rockets or missiles that could come
from uh from Hamas from Palestine side
it's the Iron Dome that manages to stop
[Music]
it this is now 9:00 900 p.m. in t Aviv
and this is from my hotel window and you
can hear the air raid sirens and people
running to take shelter it's totally
deserted look at the streets everything
it's a center of Tel Aviv and you can
see not a single soul on the roads
nowhere it's just 900 p.m. the streets
used to be crowded full of people at
this time of of the day but right now
because of this AED siren look at this
everything is totally empty and not a
single soul in the on the
roads
yeah