well as the war rages on with Hamas
Israel is going on a hard diplomatic
offensive everywhere even in India in a
significant diplomatic request Israel
has called on India to officially
designate Hamas as a terror organization
the Israeli ambassador to New Delhi
emphasized the importance of prescribing
Hamas citing the deadly attacks on
Israeli cities on October 7th he said
the matter was taken up earlier as well
the Ambassador noted that many countries
including the US Canada and the European
Union have already designated Hamas as a
terror outfit uh he highlighted the
shared commitment of India and of Israel
to countering terrorism and highlighted
the ongoing dialogue between the two
Nations the Israeli Ambassador also
described India as a very important
moral voice of the world he acknowledged
that when it comes to terrorism India
knows what it is talking about the
Israeli Ambassador has also expressed
the country's gratitude for India's
unwavering support in the fight against
terrorism he mentioned prime minister n
the modi's strong condemnation of Terror
attacks the situation in Gaza remains
dire amid the Relentless bombardment of
the Gaza Strip Israel views uh the war
with Hamas as a matter of his own
Survival in the challenging neighborhood
for Israel any indication of Hamas
winning in the war May trigger a ripple
effect and that is not an option at all
the master emphasized the regional
implications of hamas's success and
alleged Iran support for the group a
claim previously denied by Iran first of
all it was very Swift and Strong by
Prime Minister Modi because in the
afternoon I think around 4 4:30
445 India time he already tweeted a very
strong condemnation to Terror and
support to Israel he did the second
tweet after he spoke to prime minister
Nano a few days later but he was among
the first I think leaders to do that and
he did it in an in a clear way and when
the picture was not the full picture was
not clear yet we then thought that the
numbers are much much much lesser H we
didn't understand the magnitude yet we
and and I think that was very very
strong and very very
[Music]
important