The Diplomatic spat between Brazil and
Israel has continued for a third day and
Brazil's foreign minister has now
accused his Israeli counterpart of lying
this comes after Brazilian president
Lula D Silva compared Israel's war on
Gaza to Hitler's treatment of the Jews
Israel in response said that Lula is not
welcome in the country until he takes
back his comment Israeli Prime Minister
bman Netanyahu said said he had crossed
a red line and foreign minister Israel
cats called it a serious anti-semitic
attack his Brazilian counterpart Moro
Vera has now hit back saying T Aviv
statements are unacceptable in their
nature and lying in their content Vera
also said that addressing a head of
state from a friendly country in this
way is unusual and revolting Brazil has
asserted it does not intend to retract
the president's comments even as the row
escalates Rio de Jano is set to host a
G20 foreign ministers meeting US
Secretary of State and anony blinkin has
arrived in Brazilia he is expected to
meet the Brazilian president before he
heads to the G20 Gathering even though
us has woed another UN resolution
calling for a ceasefire in Gaza senior
us lawmakers who held talks with Israeli
leaders have said that they are hopeful
of a humanitarian pause in the war
before Ramadan but Israel has warned
that unless Hamas frees all hostages its
offensive will continue even during the
Muslim holy
month meanwhile the World Health
organization has completed a second
evacuation Mission from gaza's Naser
Hospital the UN agency said efforts are
still continuing to transfer the
remaining patients but the site has no
electricity or running water West Asia
tensions are far from limited to Gaza
tensions in the Red Sea continue to
escalate and the US military has said
that they the houis the houis fired two
anti-ship ballistic missiles at a
us-owned bulk carrier the Greek flagged
but us-owned cargo vessel has a arrived
in the southern yemeni Port of Iden
after the attack shipping risks have
escalated due to repeated drone and
missile attacks in the Red Sea by the
Iran backed houthis since November last
year us and British forces have
responded with several strikes but have
so far failed to Halt the attacks by the
[Music]
houis