[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Bethlehem is usually busiest at
Christmas as tourists flock to see the
reputed birthplace of Jesus but this
year war has driven away tourists and
pilgrims from the Palestinian town in
the Israeli occupied West Bank it's left
hotels restaurants and souvenir shops
deserted Global headlines have been
dominated since October 7th by news of
the Hamas attacks in southern Israel
they were followed by Israel's military
assault on Gaza and a rise in violence
in the West Bank Joey canavati is a
hotel owner whose family has lived and
worked in Bethlehem for four generations
everybody lives from tourism here in
Bethlehem and when everything is shut
down the whole city the whole country is
shut down it's unbelievable this is the
worst Christmas ever bethlehem's local
economy is heavily Reliant for income
and jobs on visitors who come to see the
Church of the Nativity Christians
believe it stands on the site where
Jesus was born canavati said his hotel
was fully booked for Christmas before
October 7th but things have drastically
changed since then the hotel is
completely empty we have no guests no
one even plus we have bookings for 2024
are all cancelled so we were expecting a
very good year for 2024 but now all what
we get on the email is cancellation
after cancellation after cancellation so
it is a
catastrophe bethlehem's manger square is
in front of the church of the Nativity
and usually serves as a key point for
Christmas celebrations but it was quiet
and almost empty Ronnie tabash runs a
souvenir shop there this time of year
usually we have full of festivals
Bethlehem it's the best place in the
world in this time this is Christmas
time where Jesus was born in Bethlehem
so for us this time is really very
difficult we are almost two month
without any Pilgrim any
tourist alas Sal runs a falafal
restaurant and he too has seen visitor
numbers for we are praying for for peace
for peace you know Bethlehem is the the
city where beace was born so it should
be the messenger for peace to be
spreaded all over the world