two fresh incidents of violence between
Israel and Palestine have been reported
Israeli Army claims the soldier was shot
and killed in an overnight attack at a
checkpoint in East Jerusalem the police
have called the incident a terrorist act
and launched a Manhunt for an assailant
who had shortened severely injured two
Israelis at a Jerusalem checkpoint while
the third person whose nationality was
not specified was hit by a shropnil
in the aftermath of the attack dozens of
officers were deployed around the
crossing where the soldier was shot the
Israeli Force claimed that they had
deployed a helicopter and a special
forces for The Manhunt Israeli Prime
Minister yai lapid described the
shooting as a severe attack and offered
condolences to the victim's families the
Sunday attack on Israeli soldier
followed killing of two Palestinian
teenagers on Saturday an operation by
Israeli forces in Janine which is the
flashpoint northern city in the occupied
West Bank two teenagers were shot dead
Palestine claims that 11 others were
also wounded Palestinian authorities
declared the deceased 16 year old and 18
year old as its matters
Israel has said that it had entered the
city to apprehend an Israeli military
Sage troops entered Janine on Saturday
to detain a 25 year old Palestinian
belonging to an alleged terror group
the country father says that during its
operation dozens of Palestinians hurled
explosive devices after which the
soldiers fired at the armed suspects
Saturday's incident is the latest in a
series of frequent and often deadly
raids by Israel's Army which have left
dozens of both Palestinian Fighters and
civilians dead following the latest
deaths in Janine the Palestinian
presidency called on Washington to exert
serious pressure on Israel to stop its
all-out war against our Palestinian
people
Leon is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move
[Music]