like
[Applause]
Gaza City is in cired we are operating
inside it we are increasing pressure on
Hamas every hour every day we have
killed thousands of terrorists above
ground and below
ground idea forces are located in the
heart of Gaza City they came from North
and South they attacked in complete
coordination between ground forces the A
and sea
forces during these hours too we are
fighting at the most significant center
of the Gaza Strip This is Where I just
returned from now for the first time in
decades the Israeli Defense Forces are
fighting in the heart of Gaza City at
the heart of terrorism this is a complex
and difficult War and to my sorrow it
comes at a
price
[Laughter]
[Music]
I'm coming from Gaza from Al haah
neighborhood tell me about the
evacuating Journey from there to here we
raised our hand like that we did the
peace sign and held up our IDs where was
the military the military forces were
standing on the road there in net Zim
how many were there were there a lot of
forces yes yes there are a lot of
military forces
there we don't know where we are going
we're heading to the South as they told
us to do we're walking and don't know to
where we will go to go to schools to
sleep at streets to sleep at people's
places only go God
[Music]
knows
[Music]
you
ifah chooses to join the war it would be
making a big
mistake we have no interest in having a
war against Hezbollah y Al made a
mistake and dragged Hamas into a war the
result is the destruction of Gaza and
the Hamas organization if nasah makes a
mistake he will see lebanon's
Fai we are fighting off each attack
there are around 70 Hezbollah fighters
who have been killed so far we will
continue this way if they make a mistake
and drag Lebanon into a war they will
pay a very heavy
price