also this Hamas Chief is Han has said
the militant group will stick to its
conditions over a ceasefire in Gaza the
Hamas Chief asserted that Israel must
hold all military operations on the Gaza
Strip and release all the Palestinian
prisoners captured during the cause of
the war he also demanded that displaced
gazans should be able to return to their
homes however Israel has said it is only
interested in a temporary truce to free
the Israeli hostages in Hamas captivity
since October 7th prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu has also insisted
that Israel will push its Invasion into
Rafa where over 1.5 million people have
sort shelter or Refuge this comes as
ceasefire talks resumed in Cairo on
Sunday pressure is mounting on the
Israeli Prime Minister as thousands
gathered in t Aviv seeking netanyahu's
resignation amid the deepening crisis
Egypt Qatar and the US had mediated the
previous round of negotiations however
an agreement has been elusive efforts
were
also or efforts were made to Halt the
conflict before the start of the holy
month of
Ramadan meanwhile people demanding the
release of Israeli hostages staged a
protest in the conet visitors Gallery
the protesters threw yellow paint on the
petition walls of the gallery this comes
3 days after anti-government
demonstrations in
Jerusalem on the other hand UK is facing
renewed calls to stop exporting arms to
Israel this comes after Aid workers
including three British Nationals were
killed by Israeli strikes most recently
UK's former National Security adviser
Peter
Ricketts has arged Britain to stop arms
sale to
Israel he say the UK government should
persuade Israel to take its
international law obligations
seriously UK's opposition parties have
also said the government must take Swift
action to suspend arms exports to Israel
[Music]
for all the latest news download the
weon app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel