as the situation continues to develop in
the Middle East joining us now is
Stephen Simon a former White House
Middle East adviser for both the Clinton
and Obama administrations he's now with
the Quincy Institute thanks so much for
joining us Mr Simon now some are calling
this Israel's 911 and of course when 911
happened there was a seismic shift in
the world you've actually written books
about this what are the possible
consequences of the past 24
hours well the first possible consequ is
a wider War uh if Lebanese hisbah
decides to intervene on hamas's
behalf uh there are unconfirmed reports
that hisbah has reached out to the
Egyptians in a back channel to say that
if the Israelis go into Gaza on the
ground then hisbah will uh intervene uh
I emphasize that that's um unconfirmed
uh but it's plausible uh the initial
hisb response uh to hamas's uh request
that it intervene in the conflict was
standoffish uh uh but uh but that could
change and the Israelis now seem to be
uh beginning the evacuation process from
towns and Villages along the northern
border of Israel with Lebanon you
mentioned Hamas has taken hostages there
reports some are being held in tunnels
so how does that complicate Israel's
response right now well uh Israel's
First Option uh is to uh reach out to
Hamas through
intermediaries uh to attempt um uh to
liberate the hostages uh diplomatically
through back Channel negotiations uh
probably managed by uh the Egyptians uh
in the past that hasn't worked out all
that well uh Hamas tends to hold on to
its Israeli hostages and and Israeli
bodies uh bodies of of killed Israelis
for quite a long time looking for the
most opportune moment to cash in on them
uh freeing the hostages militarily I I
think will be uh difficult if not
impossible because the hostages are uh
dispersed and they're hidden as you've
pointed out uh so uh that's going to be
an obstacle uh for uh for Israel and
right now I'm sure they're debating in
the inner councils uh of their
government uh whether uh their military
operation operations should be
constrained um by a u uh a desire to
ensure the hostages are not killed in
the process of Israeli operations and
that's a very tough decision for the
Israeli government to make Stephen Simon
with the Quincy Institute thanks for
your time thank you very much