in a storm you are
my this is how fans of anise have always
known him uplifting and untethered to
one musical genre this is sunny day from
his debut album summer camp released
last
year this past October everything
changed I don't feel safe as a
Palestinian would you now that you've
seen all the terror and the trauma we
put through this Virginia born pal Ian
Lebanese American Artist said he knew he
had to Pivot the purpose of an artist is
to speak to the condition of our human
race and so right now whether you're a
Palestinian artist or any artist it is
your duty it is your purpose I caught up
with a nie in Baltimore Maryland ahead
of one of his soldout gigs his nearly 2
million Instagram followers are becoming
more intimately acquainted with his
identity and his new tour merchandise
features prominent images of Palestinian
solidarity
I've had a lot of fans that I've come to
find are not fans that have sent me
death threats sent me threatening
messages that have told me you know I'm
this I'm that called me this name or
that name and I've realized that
followers are not always fans real fans
are going to be there for your
message on
[Music]
me I
[Music]
be music is both a battlecry music is um
therapy while you're healing while
you're nursing your wounds emotional
wounds mental wounds outside in the
freezing cold Fans Say Anise is needed
now more than ever I want my money to be
supporting people who support the things
that I support there's not a lot of
artists that look like I do and look
like my son are going to look um they
have good messaging he's just a really
great Palestinian role model and his
music is wonderful honestly I agree 100%
back inside I ask whether the war on
Gaza will change how he votes in this
year's presidential election the Biden
Administration has broken America in my
opinion I think they're operating like
it's 2004 in 2024 they're committing
Bush era evils in the social media era
where the access and distribution of
information in media is infinite it's
immediate know a sentiment those in his
community intend to carry into November
y Alaba trt world
[Music]
Baltimore