the U.S president Joe Bond has formally
extended an invite from Israel's
president Isaac Herzog to visit the
White House that the invite comes even
as Washington starts with the government
in Israel remained pretty icy now the
Israeli president will be in Washington
next week he's also expected to address
a joint session of the U.S Congress in
honor of Israel's 75th Anniversary the
United States has said that it remains
committed to Israel's Security even as
Washington is working for Israel's
greater integration in to West Asia but
a deal with Saudi Arabia remains elusive
given Israel's pretty tough stance on
Palestine in just six months Israel is
Advanced more settlement construction
than it has in any previous year
in response to the ongoing Terror wave
the Israeli government has also
escalated its military operations in the
West Bank leading to the highest
Palestinian death count to the territory
in over two decades
but the White House has said that Barton
will raise the issue with Herzog White
House has also said that Bond will
stress on the importance of the shared
democratic values and this alludes to
the effort by the Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin netanyahu's government to
overhaul the Judiciary now the bond
Administration recently urged the
Israeli authorities to protect and
respect the right of peaceful assembly
the statement came as the police clash
with the protesters across the country
thousands of the Israelis came back onto
the streets this week as the Israeli
Parliament has approved the first part
of the contested reform package it is
unlikely that herzog's U.S visit will
overshadow the growing divide between
the modern Administration and the
Netanyahu government it will be herzog's
second White House visit in less than
nine months while Netanyahu was yet to
receive an invitation since returning to
the office in late December
Beyond is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move
[Music]