we anticipate that it'll take uh over a
thousand uh US forces uh to participate
uh in in uh building this capability uh
as far as time frame as I mentioned
several weeks uh likely up
[Music]
to
[Music]
as President Biden Biden announced last
evening the Department of Defense will
undertake an emergency mission to
establish a temporary peer in Gaza
working alongside like-minded countries
and partners simply put they'll
establish a temporary offshore Maritime
Pier that allows for shipping vessels to
transfer cargo to smaller vessels to
transport and offload cargo to a
temporary Causeway for the delivery of
humanitarian Aid to Gaza we anticipate
that it'll take uh over a thousand uh US
forces uh to participate uh in in uh
building this capability uh as far as
time frame as I mentioned several weeks
uh likely up to 60 days in order to
deploy the forces uh and uh construct
the uh the causeway and the and the pier
once operational the actual amount of
Aid delivered will depend on many
variables and will likely scale Over
time however we expect that deliveries
via jots could provide more than 2
million meals to the citizens of Gaza
per day the concept that is being
planned involves the presence of US
military personnel on Military vessels
offshore but does not require US
military personnel to go
[Music]
[Applause]
ashore what the changes in India's
population and the difference have a
very special guest on the record they
interview the role that the U us side
played at that point of
time
assume my phone is tapped I can Pakistan
has a unique negotiating the rising
confidence of India under prime minister
Narendra Modi communist China is the
greatest threat there will come a day
that we will see far more radical
extremist I'm uh I'm still a little
perplexed by why your daily dose of news
from India and across the world Cutting
Edge views and
Analysis tune in HT videos click on the
Bell icon to subscribe
r