plumes of smoke seen rising over Gaza
painful confirmation that instead of a
planned truce there's more
violence a pause in the fighting was due
to start on Thursday Hamas would release
50 hostages taken during the October 7
attacks Israel would free 150
Palestinian prisoners and humanitarian
Aid as well as medical and fuel supplies
would be allowed to enter Gaza qari
mediators have confirmed that after
intense negotiations the pause will
start on Friday morning the beginning of
the pause will be 7 a.m. Friday the 24th
of November and it will last of course
as agreed for 4 uh days the first group
of hostages will be released at around
400 p.m. on Friday and will include 13
women and children another 37 will be
handed over incrementally in the 3 days
following the meetings went uh very well
and in a positive uh environment and uh
the results of course was the uh
implementation plan uh of uh of the
agreement which we have always said
needed to be something that is concrete
and and uh very uh ready to uh create a
safe uh environment for the release of
of the uh the hostages during the delay
fighting has continued Israel carried
out 300 air strikes on what it claimed
were Hamas Targets in the 24 hours
leading up to Thursday's proposed truce
deadline it's believed more than 14,000
people have been killed in Gaza since
October 7 almost half are children more
than 5,300 Palestinian children have
been reportedly killed in just 46 days
it's over 115 a day every day for weeks
and weeks based on these figures
children account for 40% of the the
deaths in Gaza this is unprecedented in
other words today the Gaza Strip is the
most dangerous place in the world to be
a child until the humanitarian truce
comes into effect medicine food clean
water and hope remain in short supply
Melinda new saora trt world