when they asked me mom does it hurt when
we get bombarded do
we do we feel the pain or do we just die
at once and I have to explain to them no
don't worry it's not going to hurt their
father is like don't worry just goes one
time and that's it before we would tell
our children for example don't worry
it's going to be okay it's going to end
soon you're going to be fine we're going
to be
fine everything is shaking everything is
shaking but now we literally tell them
every night don't worry we're together
sticking together if we die we die
together death has become a reality now
that we're just living under waiting
when or how it's going to happen since
the Israeli Army encircled Gaza City
it's been ongoing nonstop bombardments
all the time from the land from the air
from the sea uh our building is always
shaking 3 days ago we woke up with the
the the smoke of the forest in inside
our homes we ended up in the basement it
was the best place that had the less
smoke going downstairs but the smoke was
too
much so we ended up coming up here again
it was very scary because the kids were
they were coughing they were suffocating
their eyes were itching but when it
comes to my children it just hits me so
hard Dina and I just feel that I can't
control it anymore I can't be that
strong Brave woman is able to control
things or get things under control
because they're my weak part my little
one Judy she's always this character
who's she's so full of life she loves to
to to joke she loves to sing she loves
to dance she brings happiness into our
home but now I just see her so quiet she
was always terrified she doesn't eat
much she doesn't feel like doing
anything I tried to speak to her about
things you know bring back some happy
memories and I said juu what would you
like to do the first thing after this
war ends she told me Mommy I don't want
to do anything except for this war to
end I just want these bombardments to
end everything the destruction the
despair the loss I don't want to tell
you that now we're just hearing news of
people dying every now and then people
that we know friends colleagues everyone
around us and it just you know we're
like Allah may he rest in peace and
that's it and just we just go on because
we are just waiting for our turn