[Music]
so Palestinians these are illegal
settlements built on their land
so many Israelis they're as much a part
of Israel as Tel Aviv and the Israeli
government wants to make that a reality
ministers are going to vote on Sunday on
whether to enact several large Jewish
settlements as a formal parts of
Jerusalem they lie on land the
international community recognizes as
Palestinian but which Israel has
occupied since 1967 the Greater
Jerusalem bill as it's being called is
expected to pass on a visit to the
area's biggest settlement this month
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu backed
their continued expansion I
hereby announce accelerated development
in Mali Adumim we shall build here
thousands of housing units and we shall
add the industrial and expansion zones
in order to allow accelerated
development of this place this place
will be part of the State of Israel
Molly I do mean gush etzion efrat better
elite and give Isaiah also around
Jerusalem if the bill passes they would
come under the control of the city's
municipal authorities the Jerusalem
municipality already includes occupied
East Jerusalem a place Palestinians hope
will one day be their capital
[Music]
the occupation never stopped seizing the
opportunity to make Jerusalem Jewish
demographically by adding more
settlements to the holy city it's making
Jerusalem over eighty percent Jewish and
the Palestinians who were forty percent
and now down to 20 the aim of the
occupation forces is very clear this is
to hit the Palestinians demographically
getting rid of their neighborhoods and
getting them out of the borders of the
holy city
it's one more division between
Palestinians and Israelis and despite
international law a likely further
annexation by the Israeli authorities
but what coalition I hate CRC world
[Music]