now US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin is headed to Israel his mission
in West Asia is largely to prevent a
wider War even as Washington is strongly
backing Israel in the war against Hamas
in a show of solidarity with
Washington's closest West Asia Ally
blinkin will meet senior Israeli
officials possibly including prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu to discuss
further boosting Military Support before
departure blinkin said he was going with
a very simple and clear message that the
United States has Israel's back he will
work with us allies to try and secure
the release
of up to 150 hostages held by Hamas in
Gaza some of whom may be American
citizens Hamas gunman rampaged through
Israeli Towns over the weekend killing
over 1200 people and taking hostages
along the way at least 22 Americans were
killed during the attack Israel
retaliated with air strikes on the Gaza
Strip which continues as we
speak over 12200 people have been been
killed in the Relentless air strikes in
Gaza which is under total Siege by
Israeli forces since Tuesday now a top
priority for blinkin will be to convey a
message of deterrence any such message
will likely be aimed at Iran and Iran
back groups such as Lebon Hasa to stop a
wider war from erupting the US president
has already cautioned Iran in very clear
terms we're surging additional military
assistance to the Israeli Defense Force
incling
ammunition interceptors replenish the
Iron Dome and we've moved the US carrier
Fleet to the Eastern Mediterranean who
are sending more fighter jets there in
that region and made it clear made it
clear to the
Iranians be
careful blink's trip announcement does
not include a West visit to West Bank on
previous trips to the region blink and
visited the West Bank controlled by the
Palestinian
Authority
Theon is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move