in the latest the United Nations report
has detailed the catastrophic hunger
situation in Gaza where more than 90% is
reported to be facing acute food
insecurity and almost all households
were skipping meals every day the United
Nations food relief agency the world
food program has warned that the
conditions of Palestinians is getting
worse by each passing day everyone in
Gaza is hungry that is what the report
has claimed and conditions in the
besiege strip are Dreadful to the extent
that people are forced to go without
food for
days and these are visuals of the
reality in Gaza while thousands are seen
salvaging belongings in destroyed homes
some are managing and struggling to put
together basic necessities like a loaf
of bread or a packet of
wheat there are people starving in areas
and we are not able to give basic food
for the needs are rising faster than we
are able to respond we need to be able
to bring in more supplies and we need
safe access to reach people everywhere
in Gaza not just those who are close to
the borders we need a longlasting
ceasefire to stop the
suffering according to an integrated
food security phase classification
gaza's 2.3 million population is facing
High levels of acute food insecurity
between December and February gaza's
entire population is predicted to fall
under phase three or above and if
current hostilities and limited Aid
continue Gaza is also at a risk of
experiencing a famine by early February
the IPC definition of famine is when at
least 20% of the population in an area
falls under phase five of acute food
insecurity
the wfb has joined un agencies UNICEF
and the World Health Organization in
voicing concerns over Aid getting into
Gaza the humanitarian organizations urge
authorities for new entry routes to be
opened and more trucks to be allowed in
for those in
need
[Music]