the Palestinian residents of Gaza are
fleeing on
wheelchairs on donkey and horse
carts on trolley and on foot with their
belongings on their
backs thousands of gazans young and old
are heading to Southern Gaza during a
4-Hour evacuation window seeking safety
and shelter from Israel's intense air
strikes campaign and ground
invasion
the arduous Journey to the South has
been compounded by the non-availability
of fuel run Vehicles due to a blockade
imposed on the entry of fuel in The
besieged Enclave by Israel leaving the
Palestinians to mostly walk on foot for
hours along gaza's Main North South
Salah Alden
[Music]
Highway
[Music]
these people are not only fleeing
Israeli attacks but are also hoping to
escape hunger and
[Music]
thirst
these are just a handful of the 1.5
million of gaza's 2.3 million population
who have been displaced by the war that
broke out after the Palestinian armed
group Hamas launched an attack on Israel
on October 7th and killed some 1,400
people while taking more than 200 people
hostage in Gaza Israeli air C and land
attacks have killed more than 11,000
people including more than 4,000
children so
far most of those fleeing Northern Gaza
heating Israeli orders don't know what's
awaiting them in the South which isn't
left untouched by Israeli air strikes
and
blockade hundreds of thousands of
displaced people in southern Gaza are
packed into makeshift shelters and
dependent on whatever little Aid is
flowing into the
area at one such shelter as many as 600
people are having to share a single
toilet according to the United
Nations nothing
[Music]
[Music]
however the situation in the south is
still considered better than the North
which has been without running water for
weeks and now the last functioning
bakeries have also shut down for a lack
of fuel water and
flour meanwhile tens of thousands of
Palestinians still remain in the north
with many Sheltering at hospitals or un
schools which haven't been exempt from
Israeli
[Music]
attacks