on Monday Hamas fired Rockets against
Israeli cities of Jerusalem and Tel Aviv
US Secretary State Anthony blinkin who
is on his second Israel trip had to take
shelter during his meeting with the
Israeli Prime
Minister the cities of Jerusalem and Tel
Aviv were under Fire on Monday rocket
alert sirens went off and blast were
heard across the cities Palestinian
militant group hamama said it fired a
barrage of missiles at the cities in
response to what it called Israel's
targeting of
civilians according to the Washington
Post at least 1,400 people have been
killed and over 4,000 injured in Israel
while nearly 2,800 people have been
killed and nearly 10,000 wounded in Gaza
since a surprise attack by Hamas on
Israel sparked new fighting in the
region on October 7th also on Monday
people gathered at the Rafa Crossing on
the Gaza Egypt fort order following
reports that it would be reopened during
a brief
ceasefire The Crossing has been shut for
security reasons since Hamas took
control of Gaza in
2007 if the Border were to happen gazin
with dual citizenship could leave the
territory and humanitarian Aid now
waiting on the Egyptian side could enter
however both Israel and Hamas have
denied reports of reopening exacerbating
an already desperate humanitarian crisis
meanwhile US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin M with Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu and Israeli War
cabinet members in Tel Aviv on Monday
their blinkin reaffirmed Firm support
from the US for Israel it is the Us
official second visit to Israel in under
a week a state department spokesperson
said the meeting was briefly interrupted
by air rate Sirens forcing blinkin and
Netanyahu to take shelter in a bunker
for five minutes
in a speech to Israel's parliament on
Monday Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu warned Iran and the Lebanese
Hezbollah teror group to stay out of the
conflict in the
north I have a message to Iran and
Hezbollah don't test us on the northern
border Iran backed Hezbollah has remed
up missile and Rocket attacks in
Northern Israel's border area with
Lebanon in the past days Shin adang news