okay we've got news that's coming in
from the Israel Hamas War which is
ongoing an Israeli air strike on a
refugee camp in Gaza kills at least 47 a
spokesman for the health Ministry in the
Hamas ran Gaza Strip has said on Sunday
that Israeli military had struck the
maasi refugee camp overnight killing at
least 47 people I quote him over here
all night I and the other men were
trying to pick up the Dead from the
rubble we got children dismembered torn
apart flesh on quot said s Al njma 53
adding in fact that he had been asleep
with his family when the blast hit his
neighborhood asked for a comment the
Israeli Defense Forces said that they
were gathering details so these are the
latest that are coming in my colleague
gorov sa is now joining me with the
phone line gorov what more can you tell
us about this air strike on this refugee
camp in fact uh the health Ministry in
Gaza Strip is claiming that 47 people
were
killed on ground the information that we
are getting is uh this has been one of
the fiercest air strikes that has taken
place in the past 24 hours um Israeli
Defense Forces officially of course
saying that they're Gathering more
information but uh government in the
past has said each time a refugee camp
was also targeted that Hamas leaders
were staying in these refugee camps
keeping civilians at the shield and
these of precision strikes that were
being carried out to neutralize the amas
leadership in fact Israel's prime
minister bamin nany's also made it very
clear there will be no ceas fire there
will be absolutely no let up in shelling
and targeting until the hostages are
returned all the hostages are returned
safe and unarmed now you recall in the
past that Iran had made a plee that in
case the bombing stops hostages could be
returned but um Israel says the bombing
will continue and will intensify till
the time the firstes remain in Hamas now
it remains to be seen which s brings
first and at least as of now it appears
it is not Israel follow me right corov
thank you so much for joining us with
those details so that is the latest air
strike in Gaza by the Israeli Defense
Forces that has claimed the lives of at
least 47 persons is what the health
Ministry on ground in Gaza Strip is
claiming