kis balah is playing a very very
dangerous game kisala is aggressing and
it is dragging Lebanon into a war that
it will gain nothing from but stands to
lose a
lot
balah is playing a very very dangerous
game the Lebanese State really willing
to jeopardize what is left of Lebanese
prosperity and Lebanese sovereignty for
the sake of terrorists in Gaza balah is
aggressing and it is dragging Lebanon
into a war that it will gain nothing
from but stands to lose a
lot
bottom line is and this is what you all
need to
knowah is playing a very very dangerous
game they're escalating the situation we
see more and more attacks every day in
addition by the way many Rockets have
been fired into this area and we've had
Rockets alarms in this area as well and
Rockets Landing in Western North the
Northwestern galile sobah has been
escalating the situation steadily over
the last few days with various types of
weapons we maintain our focus on the
South but
extremely important for everybody in
Lebanon to ask themselves the question
of the
price is the Lebanese State really
willing to jeopardize what is left of
Lebanese prosperity and Lebanese
sovereignty for the sake of terrorists
in Gaza for the Isis of Gaza that's a
question that the Lebanese Authority
authorities need to ask themselves and
answer because the way way it is looking
nowah is aggressing and it is dragging
Lebanon into a war that it will gain
nothing from but stands to lose a
lot and it should be stated and noted in
the record that Israel has not been
aggressing along the blue line that we
have been defending ourselves only and
thatal is the one that is aggressing and
of course the state of Lebanon is
responsible for everything that happens
in its
territory