one of the first missiles had here in a
busy intersection this morning at rush
hour of the number of cars were set on
fire here it was very obviously
casualties at this particular location
this morning the road has already been
pretty much cleared away the damage
cleared away the pavement is being
repaired at the moment you can see the
damage in this building behind me this
is a university area this is a civilian
area entirely damaged to the windows
here in this building this is a house of
teachers on the other side all of this
area is largely University mostly
science buildings there is not a single
military Target here at all clearly
civilians where the the victims this
morning in this missile attack the first
time the Russians have actually hit hit
the heart of Kiev itself since the War
Began last February behind me is
chefchenko Park where there's a
children's playground
quite a large missile attack there a
very big crater near the this children's
park again it is not a military Target
Vladimir Putin said this morning that he
was aiming for communications targets
power stations infrastructure military
targets things like that all of it in
retaliation for an attack last week on
that very important bridge going in and
out of the Crimean Peninsula that Putin
has now blamed on Ukraine
the president of Ukraine this morning
came out into the streets and delivered
a video message accusing the Russians of
terrorist attacks across the country the
rest of this morning fired something
like 75 missiles and suicide drones in
cities all across Ukraine again
retaliation for that attack on the
bridge in the Crimean Peninsula
zielinski this morning the president
said that it was very clear that Russia
now wanted to attack power stations
those key infrastructure targets as a
way of making the civilians of this
country suffer it may be a glimpse of
what the winter here is going to be like
Paul worked on CTV News in key