now the ongoing war against Hamas has
begun to affect shipping operations in
Israel the backlog of ships is growing
at Israel's ports although operations
continue at most terminals a reuter
report suggests that ashod Port has
imposed restrictions on the transport of
hazardous materials forcing slower
transits the port said that it continues
to operate as normal even under war time
adding that it is prepared to continue
to supply Israel's economy with
everything that is needed to ensure the
population does not experience shortages
at least three cargo and dry bulk ships
carrying cargo Bound for ashod have
stopped in waterways nearby around 13
ships comprising cargo container dry
bulk vessels are currently moved in sash
do Port leading container shipping line
MCS said that the waiting time that's
increased due to increased Security
checks of course in labor shortage
adding that circumstances are subject to
change at very short notice now at
Israeli ports at least three ships are
waiting off of haa a port that handles
multiple cargo segments including dry
bulk Goods Israel's economy Ministry
it's spoken about a shortage of Manpower
which is making it harder to transport
and replenish inventories due to higher
consumption waight times for ships
docking in Israel have on average been
much longer than in other ports the
government in recent years it's been
privatizing its ports and opening new
ports in a bit to increase the
competition and the efficiencies Marine
War insurance rates have surged more
than 10 fold since the attacks last week
some Underwriters are reviewing cover
Provisions although hia remained
unaffected industry sources said while
ashod and hia ports just account for
about. 4% of global container capacity
any expansion of hostilities Beyond
Israel's border could risk vital
shipping choke points in the
region beon is now available in your
country download the app now get all the
news on the move