of users have released a 12-hour
operational update on the Israel Hamas
war on the Lebanon border nine launches
crossed from Lebanon into Israel four
interceptions by the IDF aerial defense
array several anti-tank missiles fired
from Lebanon towards Israel the idea
remember had recently attacked the
targets of the terrorist organization
hasbullah in the bord area with Lebanon
in fact let's take listening to all the
reaction that have been coming in the
latest I find it worrying and I find it
sad that so many distinguished
respectable media institutions in the
world were so fast and so trigger happy
to report what Hamas was saying and
didn't wait for confirmation didn't wait
to publish numbers that they claimed
which up until today have not been
verified or proved and were how should
we say it very skeptical when we
presented information and evidence and
what I've seen in tweets all day is that
such and such media Network were not
able to independently verify what we are
claiming I don't know that theyve
verified what Hamas is claiming and I
find it very odd and absurd that we are
held in in
parity with Hamas a terrorist
organization that lies manipulates
murders abducts rapes and does all of
the worst atrocities and we our word is
worth as much as Hamas I find it absurd
and I think that if there are true
Professionals in the media in these
organizations and others there should be
hard conversations in the newsrooms
about how this happened and how Hamas
could spin a nonissue into something
that affected the entire region with
riots going on in many
places of of the Middle East as a
result now Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu met with the members
of the war cabinet in t Aviv they met
following President Joe Biden's visit in
which he vowed we will not and I quote
him here we will not stand by and do
nothing again as Israel responds to the
recent attacks by
Hamas let's take a listening to what
exactly uh Joe Biden had to say after
meeting Nathan yahu in
Israel
[Music]
B
for
for