Gaza had been bombed before but from day
one of this Onslaught it was clear that
something was different still as the
bombings intensified the world's
reaction did not 100 days in there's a
disbelief among Palestinians in Gaza
that nobody has intervened as their
children continue to be killed at rates
not seen in any other modern
conflict every day is harder than the
one before 100 days of Oppression 100
days of suffering pain hunger thirst
poverty and destruction you can't
guarantee on day 101 if you will be
alive or not we know this fate and we
say praise to God but we are talking
about 100 days of attacks on mostly
children and
women protesters in Israel are also in
disbelief 100 days in it's Unthinkable
to them that the government has not yet
brought their hostages home for some the
government has been too lenient with
their war on Gaza for others too tough
this in combination with mass
displacement economic issues and disgust
over the largest security breach in
Israeli history has sewn Discord today
is 100 days that our people have been in
in bondage taken hostage on the 7th of
October and we wouldn't have gotten into
this situation had we had better
leadership leadership that can lead the
country that can lead the people the
grief of Gaza and the frustration of
Israel exist in tandem in East Jerusalem
and the occupied West Bank where
residents grapple with historically High
Israeli violence resulting in more
deaths arrests and injuries than any
other 3-month period in
history there are no words to describe
the amount of Agony and sadness we have
been going through there are no
conferences or NOS that can describe the
situation what is happening is beyond
Humanity the feelings of now are only
exacerbated by an uneasiness of the
future the US has consistently blocked
attempts at a ceasefire hostage
negotiations have laid dormant for weeks
and Israeli violence in the West Bank
has slipped through the cracks now as
tension is rising in the Red Sea and on
the Lebanese border nobody wants to
handle another 100 days of War but many
fear this could only be the beginning
prianka naani trt World in occupied East
[Music]
Jerusalem