nearly 90 days into the Israel Hamas War
Israel has projected a substantial
increase in its defense spending for the
coming year and according to the Israeli
finance ministry the country will now
need a defense spending hike of 30
billion shekels that is about 8.3
billion US in
2024 the ministry presented a document
to the Israeli Parliament on Monday
stating that the overall
2024 budget should be 562 billion
shekels the budget approved last year
had totaled 513 billion shekels apart
from the military spending the ministry
said 10 billion shekels more will be
needed to cover expenses on evacuation
of around 120,000 people funds required
by the police and other security forces
and reconstruction of settlement
destroyed during hamas's attack on
October 7th the projections underscore
the high cost of the war for Israel that
has already mobilized thousands of
reservists for its ground operations
against Hamas and the Gaza Strip the
finance ministry's documents also
presumes that the high intensity
fighting in Gaza will end in the first
quarter of 2024 allowing Israel to
demobilize some reservists Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has
repeatedly asserted the war will last
for as long as it takes to destroy Hamas
he and his cabinet have put no time lawn
on the current fighting or The Wider War
itself Israeli minister of strategic
affairs Ron durmer who is considered a
confidant of Netanyahu is expected to
reach Washington on Tuesday durmer will
conduct talks with white house and State
Department officials on plans to
eventually skay down the Israeli War
designated a terrorist organization
Hamas militants killed around 1,200
people and abducted 240 in its attack on
October 7th against Israel according to
the Hamas ran Palestinian Health
Ministry over 20,700 people have since
died in the Gaza
[Music]
STP