there's been a marked shift in
hezbollah's attacks on Wednesday the
Israeli Army suffered the highest number
of casualties in a single strike since
the conflict began in
October six Israeli soldiers were
seriously injured and around a dozen
others needed treatment when the
Lebanese armed group used armed drones
and missiles to Target a building a few
kilometers from the border this time
they Rockets or um drones did manage to
get through Israel's uh defense system
it wasn't the first time Hezbollah
managed to break through Israel's
defenses 24 hours earlier hezbollah's
armed drones targeted what the group
said was an Iron Dome air defense
battery showing also the size of damage
that hisbah can inflict on Israel in
case of war with Iran where hisbah as an
organic part of Iran not sit the edle
and will have to be part of it when and
if
necessary Hezbollah appears to be
showcasing its ability to enlarge what
has so far been a limited confrontation
in the past 72 hours we've seen we've
seen dozens of Israeli casualties and I
think that's definitely that's
definitely not the that definitely was
not the case and in the past six months
this is a new level of fighting and it's
much more costly to the Israeli
forces Israel too has been using more
Force against Hezbollah targets we
witnessing again a degree of escalation
uh but uh also related to the fact that
tensions uh have been obviously
increasing to an unprecedented level
between Iran and Israel directly the
Lebanese armed Group which has so far
been careful not to expand the conflict
appears to be raising the stakes as
Israel threatens to respond to Iran's
unprecedented attack over the weekend
Hezbollah Secretary General Hassan
nasrala called Israel's targeting of
Iran's Consulate in Damascus a turning
point and for the first time since
opening what he called a support front
for Gaza he expressed Readiness to
intervene militarily in the event of a
wider war between Israel and Iran the
conflict between Israel and has
is in a new phase Z alaz
Beirut make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer