now israel prepares to celebrate the
jewish new year which is called rosh
hashanah the day marks the beginning of
the hebrew calendar central marketplace
in western jerusalem has witnessed a
packed crowd with shoppers buying
groceries for the two-day jewish holiday
people have flocked to the markets with
their kids to buy fruit and gifts the
two-day holiday is celebrated with
families spending time with each other
and the second day is marked by special
penitential prayers now most of it is
taking place in front of the western
wall which is considered the holiest
site for jews situated in jerusalem's
old city thousands of jewish worshipers
have gathered at the wall to attend
celebrates a traditional prayer of
repentance
our correspondent jody cohen visited the
western wall to bring us a closer look
of the people performing the prayer of
repentance people lean on the wall to
recite the prayers of forgiveness
now there is a partition made to divide
the men and women's area to pray the
separation partition is usually done
with respect to privacy and modesty
after visiting the wailing wall as they
call it our reporter jody cohen traveled
to ra'annana which is home to the prime
minister of israel to bring us this
ground report take a look
[Music]
i'm standing on the main street in
ranana home of israel's prime minister
where people are busy doing their last
minute shopping for rosh hashanah the
jewish new year no masks are required on
the streets but must be worn in shops as
the government attempts to curb the tide
of the latest wave while resisting a
fourth lockdown
in the latest health officials say they
believe israel could reach herd immunity
within two months due to a combination
of high infection and booster shots
they're urging people to take a home
covered test before the two days of
festivities begin this is jody karen
wishing you a shout out of our happy new
year from the holy land for we on world
as one we are now available in your
country download the app now get all the
news on the move