Gaza is a small strip of land just 40
kilm long but it's packed with more than
2 million people many are refugees as a
people they've never been given normal
political rights for decades Gaza has
endured wretched conditions and the
constant fear that conflict will
inevitably shatter their lives once more
the majority of residents in Gaza are
refugees or descendants of refugees from
1948 when Israel was created the modern
Middle East began to take shape after
the second world war when the new United
Nations decided to partition Palestine
under a British mandate into a Jewish
State and an Arab State Israel was
created Arabs did not accept the
partition and in subsequent fighting
Israel took over more territory and in
the six- day war of 1967 Israel took
control of still more land including the
West Bank the Golan Heights and from
Egypt the Gaza Strip and Sinai Peninsula
the Camp David Peace Accords returned
the Sinai to Egypt but not Gaza in 1987
an uprising the first intifa erupted in
Gaza Hamas was established as an armed
resistance to Israel and ever since Gaza
has been at the center of persistent
conflict and human
suffering in 2005 Israel withdrew its
troops and Israeli settlers from Gaza
Hamas as both political party and a
military force seized control of Gaza
but Israel has continued to control the
borders and almost everything that comes
and goes Hamas has launched multiple
attacks into Israel over the last 15
years this is a cycle of violence that
has been going on and um and on since
the Palestinian Uprising but clearly the
latest attack into Israel has
demonstrated a new level of capability
by Hamas backed many Believe by Iran the
attack exploits long years of anger
among Palestinians towards
Israel there were air strikes says this
woman in Gaza what did my children do to
deserve this there's nowhere for Gaz and
Palestinians to go during this time um
when Israel is responding with with such
Force Hamas would know that Israel's
larger military would respond with full
force but their aim it seems is to bring
misery to Israelis that will force them
to want change Eric senson Global News