at the very moment when Hamas launched
the Massive Attack on Israel the
situation was doomed to escalate and
spiral out of their control over 450
people have already been killed in
hamas's attack and Israeli retaliation
as of now common people caught in the
crossfire are suffering the worst the
next few minutes we take a look at the
lives of common people on both the sides
situation on the ground is very
disturbing and we advise viewer
descretion for this report now these are
moments when heavily armed Hamas
militants barged into Israeli
settlements in southern
Israel they were hunting for common
residents for taking
hostages the hostages will be used for
later
bargains well another video from inside
Gaza also surfaced where an injured lady
was being held in Gaza City as militants
take Israeli
[Music]
[Music]
hostages in Israel sador multiple videos
emerged showing multiple bodies and
bullet scard wles
as of Hamas gunmen were still fighting
the Israeli troops the bodies of Israeli
civilians also late shwn across the
highway in the region surrounded by
Broken
Glass
for well hospitals and other medical
centers were overcrowded on both the
sides as thousands of injured were
rushed to get medical help
there we saw that our forces were
already outside my friend left from
above I couldn't move I guess I have
something in my back from the stress
because I sat for two and a half hours
on the slope without moving my legs were
folded so no it's a bit hard for me to
stand up and walk and then she left and
was immediately taken by a car and then
I left from the other side and soldiers
took us to the buses there's no one like
the
IDF well the Hamas attack on Israel
comes as the biggest in decades bodies
have started piling up on both the sides
as the conflict rages right now the dead
were being carried for burial on both
theid sides even as bombings tore apart
towns and
cities and the images on your screens
right now these are live visuals from
Gaza as Dawn breaks militants in Gaza
fired fresh Rockets into Israel while
the Israeli military continued to strike
Targets in the Palestinian Enclave
setting off explosions these are live
visuals from the Gaza Strip as you can
see smokes belowing from the buildings
there the aftermath of the explosions
that have rocked the Gaza
[Music]
Strip