the committee to protect journalists
says at least 64 journalists and media
workers mostly Palestinians have been
killed since the 7th of October some
estimates say that number is much higher
our reporter Yasmin katun Dewan has more
from The Newsroom an Ever growing list
of names behind me an unprecedented
number of journalists have been killed
in the Israel Gaza War the committee to
protect journalists says it has led to
the deadliest month for journalists
since the cpj began Gathering data in
1992 journalists as civilians need to be
protected and this is not happening in
any sense in this conflict so what we
are seeing is one of the most dangerous
Conflict for journalists we've ever
documented with journalists bearing the
brand of these attacks most of them
Palestinian journalists who are the only
source we have the only um witness we
have on the ground to Bear witness to
what's happening this is Samir abua a
camera operator for the Doha based news
network Al jazer these emotional scenes
behind me here are from his funeral the
network said he was killed by an Israeli
drone strike while he and his colleagues
were reporting at a school used for
shelter in Khan yunice in Gaza adding
that par Medics were prevented from
reaching abaka who bled to death after
being wounded by the strike on the
Israel Lebanon border a reuter's
investigation found that their
journalist Isam Abdullah was killed by
Israeli tank shells that wounded six
others rights groups say Israel should
be investigated for possible war crimes
over his death the IDF has said it takes
all operationally feasible measures to
protect both civilian I and journalists
and has never and will never
deliberately Target
journalists beyond the at least 64
journalists killed 13 journalists have
been reported injured three journalists
reported missing 19 journalists reported
arrested with multiple assaults threats
cyber attacks censorship and the killing
of family
members a committee to prot CCH
journalists have called the situation
unattainable saying the toll of such
attacks on journalists has not been
fully grasped by world leaders in a war
which is proving to be one of the most
dangerous for journalists in recent
times