well defense minister essentially was
laying out all the uh countries that
Israel is coming under threat from uh
Yemen uh that has fired uh drones and
missiles on Israel's southern city of
aot uh Syria and Lebanon uh the two
countries where uh both the Syrian
military and Hezbollah the Shiite
militant group has been firing on
Israel's North uh
consistently especially we should say uh
those attacks intensifying in the last
several weeks uh he also mentioned uh
Iraq militias there uh that are also
intending to fire uh that haven't
succeeded uh perhaps on on Israel uh the
West Bank is an area where there are
still lots of militants there Israel's
conducting raids there overnight uh and
of course the Gaza Strip the main Arena
of this war and yov Golan mentioned Iran
as well uh but he also said that of the
Arenas Israel's operated or threats
Israel has addressed six of them uh if
we do a elimination we can see that
likely this was a veiled reference
perhaps to uh last night's uh
assassination of a top Iranian general
which Iran has blamed uh on Israel on an
Israeli air strike near Damascus uh yov
Galant of course and Israel not claiming
that attack uh but it is the one if you
look at those seven Arenas and you do
the math uh Iraq is the one that Israel
has not come close to and if you include
that assassination attempt it may have
been a message yov Galant was sending to
Iran who by the way is supporting many
of the proxy groups that are attacking
Israel uh that it will go after even a
senior person like s muvei who was a
close associate of kasum sulamani the
head of the Iranian revolutionary guard
that was killed in an air strike uh by
the us a few years ago back in Baghdad