this family is preparing to break their
Ramadan fast in the rubble of their home
in Rafa last year they celebrated with
carab juice and a plate of eggs but this
year they have to make do with much much
less I have not been able to revive my
children with any Basics my daughter
said she wants boiled eggs and I said
the situation does not allow me to give
you them our situation was below zero
before the war so what do you expect
after the
war according to a report released on
Monday today by un agencies and
international relief groups famine could
affect half of gaza's 2.3 million people
by mid July it is the highest number the
groups have ever recorded in their worst
tier which signals a catastrophe the
report set off International alarm Bells
this is
unacceptable starvation is used as a
weapon of war and it's not a question of
lack of sufficient supplies we hear that
there are several month of foot is stuck
on the Egyptian side Aid deliveries from
at least 500 trucks are needed daily to
avert famine in the Gaza Strip but
Israel has not allowed nearly that many
trucks to enter even the United States
which has been a staunch Israeli Ally
urged restraint on Tuesday as we said
from day one it is also absolutely
incumbent on Israel as it acts to defend
itself in prevent October 7 from
happening again to make it a priority to
protect civilians those who were caught
uh In Harm's Way the vast majority of
trucks come through the main border
crossing with Egypt in Rafa where almost
1.5 million civilians have taken Refuge
Israeli Prime Minister Benyamin
Netanyahu has vowed to soon start a
ground offensive in Rafa defying
International warnings that the results
would be a humanitarian disaster