in other news that these are less than a
day after Israel and Gaza negotiated a
ceasefire to end five days of
cross-border fighting Gaza has violated
the truce by firing a rocket into Israel
but there is a Twist Palestinian
militant groups have now claimed the
launch was a so-called unintentional
technical era the rocket which was fired
on Sunday landed in southern Israel the
Israeli military has said that the
rocket struck an open area no casualties
have been reported a source from The
Joint operations room of militant groups
in Gaza has claimed that the launch was
not meant as a strike but rather was a
result of a technical error
however shortly afterwards lots of
explosions from northern Gaza were
reported Palestinians is a vicinity of
alleged an outpost in the area was
struck by Israel
the military has refrained from issuing
any comments retaliation as of now the
alleged accidental attack has raised
caution on the Israeli side missile
Warning Systems went off at Twilight in
Israeli towns near the border that sent
residents running for shelter all of
this less than day after the ceasefire
was negotiated with Egypt serving as a
mediator as of now no change in the
terms of the truths have been posted
from either side prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has praised Israel's conduct
in the crossfire that took place last
week
foreign
only in a statement the Prime Minister
also thanked Egyptian president Abdel
fatah al-sisi
for cairo's inputs while adding that the
initiative meant that silence will be
met with silence and if Israel is
attacked or threatened it would continue
to do everything to defend itself
is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move
[Music]