let's get right to fears of a growing
conflict in the Middle East after Iran's
missile and drone attack Saturday today
Israel's war cabinet me to decide how to
respond prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu and key ministers saying they
are determined to act and are reviewing
military plans as allies urge Israel to
exercise restraint in a volun tile
environment ctv's Adrien gbriel is in
Istanbul Adrien where do things
stand Sandy the Middle East and The
Wider region are bracing tonight
following confirmation that Israel is
indeed planning a response to Iran's
unprecedented missile
attack a proxy war no more as stability
across the Middle East now hangs by the
thinnest of threads we are urging them
as friends uh to think with with head as
well as heart to be smart as well as
tough Israel facing mounting pressure
from Western allies not to seek revenge
after Iran and sent more than 300 drones
Crews and ballistic missiles in its
direction late Saturday we are working
urgently with our allies to deescalate
the situation Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu is also balancing
calls from members of his own government
to seek Swift revenge against Iran as
his War cabinet convened for a second
consecutive day this comes as the
Islamic Republic of Iran fired this
chilling warning
today if action is taken by Israel our
actions will be more serious proclaims
this spokesperson for Iran's foreign
Ministry Iran um wasn't trying to
inflict maximum damage but was was
trying to show what it could do and have
Israel think about the Islamic Republic
in a less complacent
way and now world leaders have been left
to ponder the real possibility of a
regional War the likes of which we've
never seen
before although the Middle East is
thousands of mil away it has a direct
effect on our security and prosperity at
home Israel is being told to take its
successful defense of Iran's offensive
as a win as calls for calm are now
echoing across the Atlantic I have been
clear to my counterpart in Israel please
take the win and make sure that we can
work together to bring big bring back
peace in the region one of the great
fears across the region tonight is that
neither side plans to conceal
and Sandy there in lies the danger ctv's
Adrien griel reporting from Istanbul