and 5 months into the Gaza War
Palestinians are preparing for the holy
month of Ramadan this also comes with
the fear of an imminent Israeli invasion
in the Gaza Strip the conditions in the
water on inclave remain dire displaced
Palestinians in Rafa say that they are
struggling to find basic essential Goods
ahead of the Muslim fasting month of
Ramadan most of the food items are
packed with tins which are not fresh and
unaffordable for civilians
here
I came here to buy but I can't find
anything to buy there's nothing there
are no dates or milk or anything one
can't find anything for their children
how are we supposed to do
so the visuals on your screens show a US
vessel which has departed for the
Mediterranean this vessel is carrying
equipment for building a temporary
appear in Gaza earlier the Pentagon had
said that this temporary Aid Port could
take up to 60 days to be up and running
however the aid groups claim that this
time period is too long given the risk
of famine in the besed strip as Israel
is continuing with its offensive against
Hamas a doctor who was working in Gaza
for 3 weeks described the humanitarian
catastrophe that's unfolding in
Gaza it's not just about planes that are
dropping bombs it's not just about homes
that are destroyed and people that are
displaced but all aspects of Life are
impacted in the Gaza Strip and I felt it
I mean there's a shortage of food
everybody's hearing now about the 20
children who have died from starvation
and dehydration but also there's people
who are actually hungry there you see
them they're wondering where their next
meal will come
from the situation is worse in the
northern region of Gaza Palestinian
Health authorities say 15 children have
now died of malnutrition or dehydration
and One hospital an Italian military
plane airlifted injured gazen children
from Cairo a total of 45 people 14
children eight adults and 23 others
boarded the Italian Air Force plane the
youngest patient is a 14 pardon me a
4-month-old baby named
iel for latest news download the Von app
And subscribe to our YouTube channel