the Israeli military is clearly trying
to keep the details of its sort of
ground war Under Wraps right now so we
don't know a lot but it does seem
Israeli soldiers are trying to push a
bit deeper into Gaza for one thing the
Israeli death toll is rising isn't it
yeah up to 15 now uh since this recent
phase of the operation
started since October the 7th many more
than that have died just in the 2 or 3
days around October the 7th
326 is Israeli soldiers were killed but
in the last couple of days since the
start of what the Israelis are calling
phase two of their operation when the
tanks are started to move in both in the
north and in the East trying apparently
to cut the two roads that run north to
south in Gaza and concentrate or
encircle Gaza City where the the main
concentration of Hamas uh in North Gaza
is meant to be the the numbers are now
starting to take up and that reflects
the fact that there are an increasing
number of Israeli troops on the ground
the air attacks are continuing 11,000
strikes since the start of this
offensive that's absolutely an
incredible number uh reflected in the
the casualty list that we're getting
from the uh Gaza Health authorities as
well over 8,700 people killed you know
since the start of the Israeli air
offensive but clearly you know the
Israel seems to be committed to a long
ground offensive they as you rightly
pointed out they're not giving us a lot
of information at the moment uh drip
feeding information more than anything
else giving us a little bit of video
here and there uh the odd report some
casualty lists uh but they're talking
about phases of the operation which
makes one think uh that they're thinking
of a long operation that will take a
long long time and I think the use of
that expression is to get the Israeli
population ready for the fact that this
is going to be a long a long operation
that there will be heavy casualties