turning to the war in the Middle East
Israel says its forces have surrounded
the Gaza strip's biggest city but
mounting civilian losses have led to
calls for Action to minimize civilian
Death Moon has the
details Gaza City has reportedly been
surrounded by Israeli forces and as the
conflict continues countries are
pressing to minimize civilian losses
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu said in a statement that they
are advancing at the height of the
battle and have made impressive
successes thousands of strikes in the
Gaza Strip since the Hamas attacks on
October 7th have led to the deaths of
over 9,000 Palestinians according to
officials in The besieged Enclave the
strikes in the biggest refugee camp in
jabalia on Thursday have resulted in 195
killed and20 missing with the mounting
death toll there are calls to protect
civilian lives US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin departed for Israel for
the second time in a month to meet with
Netanyahu we will be talking about
concrete steps uh that can and should be
taken to minimize harm to men women and
children uh in uh in Gaza uh and this is
something that the United States is
committed to US President Joe Biden also
called for a pause in fighting during a
campaign speech in Minneapolis Chile's
president met with Biden to say that
Israel is violating international law
and the United Arab Emirates said that
it was working relentlessly to reach a
full humanitarian ceasefire meanwhile on
Wednesday and Thursday non hostages
living in the Gaza Strip with foreign
nationalities or dual citizenship began
to cross the Rafa Crossing into Egypt
there were 15 nationalities on the list
of people approved to leave and among
the 344 who crossed the border on
Thursday was a family of five South
Korean Nationals officials at expect
some 7,000 more foreign passport holders
to leave Gaza over the coming weeks a
Japanese aircraft departed from Tel Aviv
for Tokyo on Thursday bringing 15 South
Koreans and one foreign National family
member following the offering of 20
seats last month with this there are 420
South Korean citizens remaining in
Israel news