[Music]
the Muslim call to prayer rings out
around the Ibrahimi mosque in occupied
Hebron it's one of Islam's holiest sites
but it's also referred by Jews who know
it as the Cave of the patriarchs
that's led to disputes and the call to
prayer is at the center of one of them
Israeli authorities have been banning
its periodically on the Jewish Sabbath
or sometimes in the evenings partly as a
result of noise complaints from the
minority Jewish settler community
but there have also been attempts by the
Israeli Knesset to put restrictions on
the call to prayer and many Palestinians
see the Hebron bans as part of a wider
effort to clamp down on Muslim religious
life
the call to prayer is targeted like
everything else's we face difficulties
doing it there are problems on a daily
basis it's not strange that the
occupying forces are preventing us from
praying
according to the Palestinian Authority
Israel banned the call to prayer at the
Brahimi mosque 298 times in the first
half of 2018 the compound is also closed
to Palestinians during Jewish religious
festivals and Israel restricts entry to
Palestinians and forces them to pass
through checkpoints and strict security
checks on the way to the mosque
it's very difficult to get here because
there are lots of barriers and army
checkpoints it's especially hard for
young men they ask them for ID and strip
them sometimes it's humiliating even for
an old man like me when I ask them why
they're doing it they tell me to go away
heparins old city is home to
160,000 Palestinians and around 500
Jewish settlers even though the Jewish
settlements are illegal under
international law Israeli soldiers
protect them and bar Palestinians from
entering certain areas of the old city
including the former main street the
Israeli authorities say that this is for
security reasons but for Palestinians
the restrictions and the attempts to
silence the call to prayer are further
evidence of efforts to force them out of
their city
a local shaman TRT walls
[Music]