the un's top court has ruled Israel must
take a number of steps to address
humanitarian distress suffered by
Palestinians and prevent a genocide in
Gaza but stop short of ordering a
ceasefire the case brought against
Israel by South Africa requested
emergency measures be taken to stop the
military response in Gaza accusing
Israel of committing state-led genocide
the president of the international Court
says a ruling on whether or not Israel
has committed that crime will take
longer to to examine in the meantime
today's ruling aims to ensure the
Palestinian civilians have access to
basic necessities of life such as
portable water food shelter and Medical
Care Israel's commitment to
international law is
unwavering equally unwavering is our
sacred commitment to continue to defend
our country and defend our people like
every country Israel has an inherent
right to defend itself the vile attempt
to deny is Israel this fundamental right
is blatant discrimination against the
Jewish State and it was justly rejected
the charge of genocide leveled against
Israel is not only false it's outrageous
and decent people everywhere should
reject it on the eve of the
international Holocaust Remembrance Day
I again pledge as Israel's prime
minister never again Israel will
continue to defend itself against Hamas
a genocidal Terror organization on
October 7th Hamas perpetrated the most
horrific atrocities against the Jewish
people since the Holocaust and it vows
to repeat these atrocities again and
again and again our war is against Hamas
terrorists not against Palestinian
civilians we will continue to facilitate
humanitarian assistance and to do our
utmost to keep civilians out of Harm's
Way even as Hamas uses civilians as
human Shields we will continue to do
what is necessary to defend our country
and defend our people