meanwhile an ally of Israel the US is
discussing ways to find a potential
quarter from some Gaza civilians to flee
the strip it's also looking to approve
additional funding for Israel our isi
who
reports the White House is having active
discussions with Israel and Egypt to
find a way for some civilians to leave
Gaza through a potential
Corridor now I know many of you have uh
been asking about or expressing some
interest in the idea of safe pass in
Gaza for civilians let me just say right
up front we're actively discussing this
with our Israeli and our Egyptian
counterparts we the US continues to
support safe passage Kirby highlighted
during the White House briefing we
support safe passage for civilians the
civilians are not to blame for what
Hamas has done they didn't do anything
wrong I don't have an announcement to
make today I can't tell you a specific
route or a corridor I just want to make
it clear that we are actively working on
this with uh our Egyptian and uh and our
Israeli counterparts
the White House is also pushing for
additional funding for Israel along with
Ukraine and has been speaking with
members of
Congress and it's critical again that we
believe Congress sends a clear message
to Putin sends a clear message to the
Israeli people uh that uh that the
United States continues to have their
back Kirby said the US can support both
countries for now in the immediate term
with existing authorities and
Appropriations meanwhile NBC reported on
Wednesday that the Biden Administration
is preparing a supplemental funding
request to submit to Congress that
combines money for Israel Ukraine Taiwan
and US border
security news