Israel has said that it is all set for
another major offensive on the Rafa City
in the southern part of Gaza at this
moment an estimated 1.5 million
Palestinian refugees are cramped up in
the southern part of the Gaza and
they're bracing for the worst many of
the residents had fled the northern part
of Gaza and N they are trapped the big
question is where will they go and where
can they go now on your screens is the
map of Gaza Rafa is located on the
southernmost part bordering Egypt and
these Palestinian refugees are trapped
since the beginning of the conflict
Egypt has in fact refused to take in the
refugees now other than foreign
Nationals and those who are in Jord and
despite International pressure on Israel
the Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu has
said that he is intent on destroying
Hamas and he's ordered the military to
develop a dual plan to evacuate
civilians from Rafa and to defeat the
remaining Hamas
battalions in the latest attack on the
city Israel launched dead deadly air
strikes in Rafa killing at least about
five Palestinians near Al Manuka people
were seen sifting through the debris of
the buildings that were bombed to Rubble
by these
radies n's decision to enter Rafa with
his offensive come even after the White
House has said that it will not back
Israel's offensive on the Rafa City
claiming that any military plan will
have to factor in protecting the
civilians now even the American
president Joe ban who's been a staunch
back of the Israeli offensive so
far has said that this attack on Rafa by
the Israelis would be over the
top I could tell you that absent any
full consideration uh of Protec
civilians at that scale in Gaza um
military operations right now would be a
disaster for those people and it's not
something that we would
support So as Israel launches his
defensive pounding Gaza with rockets Aid
groups are warning of a
bloodbath of civilians if Israel enters
into Rafa the gaza's health Ministry
said that nearly about 28,000
Palestinians are confirmed to being
killed in this conflict so far while
over 67,000 Palestinians have been
grievously injured maimed or mutilated
so far in this
conflict Von is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the move