[Music]
we have different uh desks here and we
have teams that are working on te
techology cutting ad technology like AI
like facial recognition voice
recognition trying to match patterns of
movements and all the stuff on the other
hand we have people who are on social
networks uh what they do is basically
they are the eyes on social networks of
different movies different photos that
are relevant to the to the hostages and
then we have also a group of
interrogators we call them information
scientists data scientist that basically
goes over all the data and try to to
assemble a picture of what we see
[Music]
[Music]
here the first idea was to make a line
like the Interpol protocol where all the
bodies are undergoing um several types
of examination external examination of
the body we took from everybody from all
the bodies we took DNA samples and
fingerprints and since people here are
reg are recruited to the armies it's
mandatory recruitment to the Army many
peoples many people have uh the
fingerprints and the DNA and also the
dental records registered in the Army in
Data Bank of the army so then we can uh
use it to comp for comp
[Music]
comparison we have tested over
750 samples at the last days um we have
profiles until now to most of them there
are still samples that will originate uh
from bone samples or heavily burnt
samples degraded samples that will need
additional attempt to have to uh until
we will be able to achieve the genetic
profile as we mentioned before over 500
um unidentified person were already
being identified and the effort are
still at the process and we still receed
to um we are still receiving additional
samples that arriving to this uh
[Music]
facility