intense fighting is being reported in
conun a city once considered a safe
haven for Palestinians who have fled
Northern Gaza Israeli military is now
hunting down Hamas senior leader ayaha
Sor after surrounding his residents our
e has
more fighting intensified in southern
Gaza on Wednesday as the Israel Defense
Forces reached the Heart of the City of
K Yunis the Israeli military says his
tanks made their way to the center of
conun and it engaged in what they said
was some of the fiercest fighting of the
war Israeli offensives at the largest
city of Southern Gaza means thousands
are now fleeing further south strikes
were also reported in Rafa where gazin
were told to flee by Israel upon
reaching K Yunis prime minister Benyamin
Netanyahu said Wednesday that Israeli
forces have surrounded the home of Hamas
leader Yaya Sinar saying he is hiding
underground yesterday I said that our
forces could reach anywhere in the Gaza
Strip today we are encircling sinar's
house his house may not be his Fortress
and he can escape but it's only a matter
of time before we get him meanwhile un
Secretary General Antonio gutterz on
Wednesday invoked the rarely used
article 99 of the UN Charter to push for
a ceasefire and formally warned the
security Council of a global threat from
the armed conflict in a letter to the
UNC ceras wrote that the armed conflict
May aggravate EX in threats to
International Peace and security he
added that he invoked article 99 to
bring to the attention of the security
Council any matter which in his position
May threaten the maintenance of
International Peace and security the UN
Chief went on to say that the world is
facing a severe risk of collapse of the
humanitarian system with the situation
fast deteriorating into a catastrophe
with potentially irreversible
implications for Palestinians as a whole
and for peace and Security in the region
according to un spokesperson stefane
deer the article has not been used for
decades news a letter