the Israeli military is asking residents
of a village near the Lebanese border to
lock their doors and windows and stay at
home the alert was issued for people in
hanita near the Israel Lebanon border
there are fears that suspected gunmen
May infiltrate from Lebanon Ali Hashim
joins us live now from Alma ala in
Lebanon what's the latest
Ali well we are in Al on the Lebanese
Israeli borders just uh an hour ago um
there were there was a group of Fighters
that detonated the wall that separating
Lebanon from Israel and then they
attacked an Israeli post there hitting
uh several tanks now this is what we
know till the moment then uh Israeli
Army started shelling the Lebanese
territories as we can see these are some
of the uh shells that fell we can see
the smoke and actually even there is a
Lebanese Army Post that was hit with
shells around 18 to 20 shells the last
ones were had just few minutes ago we
understood also that the United Nations
in the United Nations Forces in Lebanon
the for peacekeeping forces called on
their staff in this area the Western
sector and their headquarters is here in
nakura they called on them to uh go to
the shelters at the same time we can
hear all the time um helicopters drones
and War L now for the context this is
part of a series of attacks that has
been uh taking place from the Lebanese
side of the Border since Sunday the
first attack was from hisbah on the
Sheba Farms then the second day an
Islamic Jihad group uh of Fighters
infiltrated into the Israeli territories
Third Day the and and then Israel
retaliated by hitting Hezbollah po Third
Day missile launched from Lebanon that
were that Hamas claimed responsibility
for then hisbah attacked a group of
Israeli soldiers killing some of them
and then today this attack now we don't
know what's the uh uh toll of casualties
whether there are casualties on the
Israeli side or on the Lebanese side we
can hear a lot of sirens ambulances in
the background I don't know if you can
hear that but this just adds to the
tension and the situation whereas
Lebanon is an operation area getting
Lebanon closer and inching more and more
into the bigger conflict that's actually
erupting in
Gaza Ali thanks for that update there
Ali hasham reporting there from the
border thank you very much