so let me help you now understand what
does this ground offensive look like how
deep have the Israeli troops been able
to penetrate into the Gaza Strip and
let's help you understand that through
this illustration and map that we have
prepared uh the location remember now it
also clearly shows while this is this is
the Gaza Strip This is the southern Gaza
and Northern Gaza and this is where
basically uh the war that is presently
on the tanks and the troops have not
entered not just from one side but
actually three different sides and they
and this is also the side where Lebanon
which is Hezbollah is based here backed
by so has Syria they have also started
to Shell in fire towards Israel so
Israel is managing this multif front war
and these are different locations from
there where they have entered into the
northern Gaza Strip This is after giving
a lot of warnings and flyers for the
civilians to evacuate go to safer areas
so they can take care of the Hamas
terror group sadly a lot of these Hamas
Terror hideouts are actually based in
the civilian neighborhood you can see
the armored vehicles that are seen that
have been going in and armored vehicles
and tanks are of course leading it and
then come in the ground troops they have
been able to according to them they've
claimed they have killed a lot of Hamas
commanders who were masterminding the
terror attack they've been able to get
one of the hostages back but many more
hostages are still in the Captivity of
the Hamas terrorists take a look now at
this ground report sent in by shivar on
the Israel Hamas War when the rocket
attacks happened and remember it's not
just Israel firing towards uh gaza's
strip and towards Hamas it's Hamas that
also continues to fire the Rockets
toward Israel and while Israel has
largely managed to avoid why the Iron
Dome when it does hit this is how Israel
looks