funerals are being held in the occupied
West Bank after Israeli forces killed at
least four Palestinians
others were also injured when Israel
launched an assault on the Janine
refugee camp Israel has confirmed the
use of a drone in that assault there
have been several raids on that densely
packed neighborhood just this year well
let's bring Anita Ibrahim she joins us
live now from Ramallah neither do we
know what prompted this round of raids
well the Israeli forces say that they
raided the Janine refugee camp to arrest
some of those that they deem as wanted
but according to locals there they say
that all of those who have been taken or
arrested for a while by the Israeli
forces have been later released and
people say that they haven't really
succeeded in arresting the what they
call as wanted Palestinians but as we
know that some of these raids do not
necessarily only mean that they are
there to arrest Palestinians sometimes
they're there for conducting
interrogations they're they're also
Palestinians would tell you to ensure
that they tell the Palestinians who has
the upper hand when it comes to the
Israeli forces were occupying the West
Bank basically conducting raids here and
there sometimes on a daily basis killing
Palestinians or intimidating using them
Anita as you've been saying there have
obviously been multiple raids on Janine
can you give us a sense of the scale of
this one that we've just seen
this is the deadliest since the July
major assault by the Israeli forces that
has left more than 13 Palestinians
killed lots of people injured then as
well as damaging a lot of homes the
infrastructure so people were still
rebuilding their homes engineering that
have been affected by that major assault
so we can say it's the deadliest but
Palestinians there would tell you that
the Janine has been the epicenter for
Israeli raids all over last year and
even more and let's not forget that our
Al Jazeera colleague Shirin abawaka has
lost her life while she was reporting on
an Israeli raid Engineering in May of
last year and they needed Ibrahim there
with the latest force from Ramallah
thank you Nida