[Music]
[Music]
yeah
go
for
he
for
cont
it is regrettable that a Peruvian family
is in this situation we are very sorry
however we are in permanent coordination
with our ambassador there in Israel with
the authorities of Israel so that we can
in the measure of time know in what
situation the family is and we can also
bring them safely to our homeland
[Applause]
we really lived a very difficult
situation we didn't think we were going
to go through this moment but we had to
live that's why I say it was a difficult
moment because there were times when I
felt the bombs and we were afraid that
we would be caught at the hotel where we
were
staying
[Music]
t
[Music]
r
[Music]
for
for
[Applause]
we are mainly tired and of course Rel
life to be
back there was a call on Friday prayers
for Muslims to demonstrate they then had
a very strong presence in the city
others had virtually no access to the
city then there were actually shootings
2 3 days ago and That Was Then the point
where we said we have to get out of here
get I woke up at night from the alarm my
husband has hearing aids he sleeps much
better but that already goes through the
marrow and also the consternation of the
Israelis and also the other local
population you could already tell that
they were very
affected I am super happy first of all I
was insanely surprised that we got
another flight at all I tried all last
week my mother too to get her and us out
of
Israel we were still at a party the day
before and the next morning there was a
war
um
[Music]
see
[Music]
come
[Applause]
[Music]
spee
[Music]
I was at a friend's house I was about to
go back and the alarm just started
ringing unfortunately I had to stay
longer I mean unfortunately not that I
had to stay but going back to my house
the truth is it wasn't nice having a
feeling that any person could appear any
time with a gun and shoot me is not nice
at all but well luckily I arrived safely
and from then on it was all uncertainty
until they call to be able to return
here at first she was not very convinced
about coming because we are not very
used to this type of thing so she was F
debating if she was coming or if she was
not coming well until she decided to
come and here we are waiting for
[Music]
her