the Palestinian prime minister has
submitted his
resignation Palestinian president Mahmud
abas hopes that this cabinet reshuffle
can be the first step in a process that
ultimately will bring him back to Power
in Gaza now if you remember abbas's
Palestinian Authority was ousted toppled
by Hamas militants in 20 07 abas has not
been able to return to Gaza since then
he governs in the West Bank but the war
in Gaza Israel's Crackdown on Hamas has
created an opportunity that that abas
believes can bring him back to
Power
the United States says it supports a
role for the authority in post war Gaza
but it wants to see reforms and
revitalization of the Palestinian
Authority this move by replacing his
prime minister and uh uh uh appointing a
new government uh abas hopes this will
bring that International legitimacy and
acceptance that he needs uh to move back
into Gaza after the war we cannot leave
a quarter of hamas's terrorist
battalions
intact no one would do that in the case
of fighting Isis you wouldn't leave a
quarter of Isis intact in a defined
territory you wouldn't even think about
that and you didn't America finished the
job with its allies we will finish the
job here with our brave
Soldiers now the resignation comes uh as
ceasefire efforts move forward between
Israel and Hamas over the weekend there
was a new set of talks in Paris there
were reports signals from all sides that
these talks went well in fact prime
minister Benjamin netan over the weekend
says that Israel even wants uh a
ceasefire at the same time though he
says he is still planning the invasion
of RAF
this is what is believed to be the last
Hamas stronghold in Gaza netan announced
that the Army has presented an
operational plan for the invasion and
also plans for evacuating the hundreds
of thousands of Palestinian civilians
who have uh moved to Rafa to seek
shelter from fighting elsewhere in Gaza
there are no details yet uh on on how
this evacuation plan uh will work but
the signal is clear netan on one hand is
ready for some sort of short-term pause
in the fighting but he appears at least
to remain committed toward uh to
invading Rafa in finishing this mission
of what he says is uh to destroy the
Hamas militant
group