I wonder if we might start with the
video and the photographs released onto
social media some of which were were in
Stuart's report there showing dozens of
men some Bound in blindfold stripped to
their underwear and and we believe now
at least some of that filmed by IDF
members what was the purpose of the
exercise that was going on at that point
in that part of
Gaza first of all remember it's the
Middle East and it's warmer here and
especially during the day when it's
sunny it's uh to be asked to take off
your shirt it might not be pleasant but
it's not the end of the world but the
the fact that some of those who were
taken in that particular incident have
now been released suggest that they were
not members of Hamas and whilst you were
entitled to round people up in that
manner what the IDF is not entitled to
do Under the Geneva Convention is breach
the third convention which you did
didn't you when you filmed them uh in
those positions so once again I I don't
think we're talking about formal
material that was released and we have
to look to how the video did if it
proves to have been filmed by the IDF
that's neither here nor there neither is
the temperature in the Middle East I
understand I understand but I think the
important thing here is to remember
these are military AED men who were
arrested in in a combat zone and as
you've reported people have already been
released we have no intention of keeping
innocent people under in custody which I
which I agree with and I'm sorry to
press you on this point but if people
have been released because they are not
members of Hamas if this was filmed by
the IDF it is a clear breach of the jeva
convention is it not so once again we
have to look into where the video came
from it's not official video that was
released by the state of
Israel if it were filmed by the IDF as I
just said it would be a breach of the
Geneva Convention would it not so I'm
not I'm not familiar with that level of
U uh of international law I know in the
past prisoners of War have been filmed
often that's good because families can
identify people but I I as it if it's a
breach or not I'll have to check with my
legal department