I didn't know she's still alive
yesterday Karen shim's 21-year-old
daughter Mia was one of the thousands
attending a music festival near the Gaza
border when Hamas gunman attacked for 9
days her family feared she was dead
until they saw her on TV I saw a CL
shout I felt on the floor and to scream
her daughter appeared in this Hamas
hostage video in it Mia says she's in
Gaza and that her hand was injured so
she had an
[Music]
operation they are taking care of me she
says everything is fine I only ask that
someone return me home as soon as
possible it's not known where or when
the video was recorded or if the
comments were made under duress she
looks very
terrified she looks like she's in a big
ta I'm begging the world to bring my
baby back home Israeli officials say Mia
is one of of around 200 Hamas hostages
captured during its Saturday morning
Massacre their faces now plastered on
this wall of the missing just across
from Israel's defense Ministry in Tel
Aviv this rally started spontaneously
One Week Ago by aii broich after his
wife and three young children were
kidnapped by Hamas the message is to
prioritize the the women and children uh
it's the message to Kamas as well before
long others joined bro's brother lives
in Toronto and came here for support
these are you know kids we love
[Music]
they're unbelievable the list of
Presumed hostages includes two Canadians
another Israeli whose family is from
Canada tiferet lapido was also thought
to be among the hostages until this
week the 23-year-old's body was just
recovered from the music festival site
her funeral was delayed by 30 minutes
because the MERS couldn't be
consoled we're burying our kids this is
pure hate against Jews people say
they're animals they're not animals
animals just kill to eat to survive they
kill because they hate labo's father is
from Saskatchewan we hope the Canadian
people will support Israel and
most most right fight against evil a
Hamas spokesperson says the foreign
hostages are their guests who will be
released when circumstances allow it's
clear from the messaging that Hamas is
trying to put forward a friendlier face
but the Unspeakable pain caused by so
many young lives lost is not so easily
painted over Donna all right Jeff simple
in Jerusalem thank you