for these people the narratives of their
fam's experiences during the 1948 War
have been passed down through the
generations Palestinians are renowned
for their storytelling but what they are
living through now makes for a different
kind of story yusf K is among the 1.3
million individuals caught in this
ongoing
nightmare we do not have floor if it
were the donation of 10 kilos we
wouldn't have food to cook we use nylon
ignite fires even though we know it's
harmful effects on our health Before the
War I didn't have a job and my brothers
used to support me however now all of us
my brothers and I require
assistance hania has seen many tragedies
in her lifetime but she never thought
that her children and grandchildren
would endure similar hardships cut
between a painful past and a bleak
present hope remains in short
supply our homes and streets have been
devastated due to the Relentless carpet
bombings one fateful morning at 5:30 I
had to leave with my seven children only
one of them is here with me as for the
other six their whereabouts are only
known to God we have been scattered each
of us in different locations the war has
been even more horing than 1948 most of
us who have stayed in homes were killed
and their homes were demolished over
their
heads I hold on to hope that a ceasefire
will soon come ending this war and
allowing us to return to our homes I
yearn for the day when all the children
can go home reuniting with our friends
teachers and loved ones despite the
circumstances children in Gaza still
find moments of Joy they have new
responsibilities and chores like fing
water for their families but they
maintain their smiles confident there's
a brighter future in Gaza Palestinians
regardless of age stand together in a
collective struggle for survival holding
on to hope as War tries to claim
everything they hold dear n World RAF
Southern
Gaza