the trch between Israel and Gaza has
been extended for an additional two days
that is until Thursday morning Israel
time now under the agreement 10 hostages
will be released by Hamas each day our
chimin Jong leads our coverage this
morning the 4-day humanitarian pause in
Gaza which was set to end on Tuesday has
been extended for another 2 days qatar's
foreign Ministry confirmed the agreement
on Monday without giving to too much
detail a senior Israeli adviser said
Hamas will release 10 hostages each day
under the terms of the agreement the
White House said it welcomed the
extension now in order to extend the
pause Hamas has committed to releasing
another 20 women and children over the
next two days we would of course hope to
see the pause extended further and that
will depend upon Hamas continuing to
release
hostages US President Joe Biden also
released a statement stressing that
related parties would take full
advantage of the pause and fighting to
increase the amount of humanitarian Aid
moving into Gaza Biden also vowed to
continue us efforts to build a future of
peace and dignity for the Palestinian
people un Secretary General Antonio
gutterz described the extension as
hopeful but warned that it still does
not give enough time to meet
humanitarian needs in Gaza it's a
glimpse of Hope and Humanity in the
middle of the darkness of War knowing
that uh even with that additional amount
of time it will be impossible to satisfy
all the dramatic needs of the population
in
Gaza on the fourth day of the truce on
Monday the Israeli military confirmed
the release of an additional 11 Israeli
hostages qatar's forign Ministry said
the hostages include Three French
citizens two German citizens and six
Argentinian citizens over the first 3
days of the truce Hamas released more
than 50 hostages mostly women and
children Israel freed over 100
Palestinians from prison trong adid news