the Open Arms still docked in larica the
aid ship belonging to a Spanish charity
was set to leave this weekend for an
undisclosed location to deliver 200 tons
of food to Gaza while we've done
truckloads of food through the Rafa
Crossing we've done airdrops with the
Jordanian Army this is the next step
into providing food a into Gaza and if
we can do this and do this on a massive
scale imagine what kind of help we can
we can do especially to the people of
Northern Gaza that are suffering
and really need this food Aid open arms
says it hopes the ship will set sail
soon a US vessel carrying equipment for
building a temporary pair in Gaza was
also heading to the Mediterranean on
Sunday it's part of a drive to ramp up
the delivery of food via a sea Corridor
much of the aid delivered to Gaza in
recent weeks has been via airdrops
though this is viewed by humanitarian
groups as expensive and inefficient
residents of Gaza have expressed similar
frustrations I've been here for a week
but only got three cans this place is
isolated from the rest of the world and
has poor Transportation most of the
supplies have fallen to the Sea and we
wanted better Aid methods than aird
drops Israel which human rights groups
have accused of actively blocking Aid
trucks from getting into Gaza now
appears to be more receptive to allowing
Aid through as its defense minister said
on a visit to the Palestinian
exclave the process is designed to
facilitate Aid directly to civilians and
in this way it advances our goal of
overthrowing hamas's rule in Gaza we
will facilitate Aid via the maritime
route that is coordinated with the
United States security and humanitarian
aspects with the assistance of the
United Arab Emirates on the civilian
side the United Nations says virtually
all of gaza's population of 2.3 million
are struggling to find food and over
500,000 face
starvation