[Music]
little in the occupied West Bank city of
Hebron isn't political or disputed the
latest fight is over basic services like
water and sanitation Israel has set up
its own municipal authority to service
only the small Jewish population
Palestinian officials though see it as
just another violation of their
sovereignty
they are trying to legalize the body
which is illegal by the international
standards and laws by giving it what
it's called a municipality and to show
the world that they care about the lives
of settlers they want to hold elections
for them to give them services as if
those settlers are denying those
services but in reality you see that all
the services are giving to them at the
expense of the Palestinian citizens in
this city Israel says the settlers we're
never going to get the municipal
services they needed following the
election in May of a mayor who had been
convicted for the murder of six Israelis
in 1980 Israel's Deputy Defense Minister
said for years he bronzed Jewish
residents lived without a municipal
authority to take care of all the
services required for normative civilian
life after the election of a murderer
for mayor of Hebron the idea that they
will receive these services from the
municipality has become even more absurd
human rights groups though see this as
yet another divisive move by Israel this
is further
formalizing their already existing
apartheid in the city meaning that
services to the Jews in the city will be
given by an Israeli Authority while all
other
Palestinian citizens will get their
services from their municipalities
the two communities in Hebron live in
such close proximity the tension can
often turn violent clashes between
Palestinians and Israeli security forces
have become ever more frequent the
dispute over Hebron is also being played
out at the United Nations
UNESCO recently designated her bronze
ancient shrine revered by both Jews and
Muslims but controlled by Israeli forces
as Palestinian and said it was in danger
Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu called the decision delusional
this latest act to establish a municipal
authority solely for her bronze Jewish
settlers will only serve to worsen an
already tense climate in this ancient
city John J Regan TRT World
[Music]
you