uh so today I think you know secretary
Austin is in keev to meet with Ukraine's
leaders I think I know this is of great
interest to all of you um uh I just want
to let you know we're still working this
hour by hour I do not have an update for
you on the hostage uh uh deal that we're
trying to negotiate uh but as you heard
the deputy National Security advisor say
yesterday uh we believe we're closer
than we've ever been so we're hopeful uh
but uh but there's still work to be done
um uh and nothing is done until it's all
done so uh we're going to keep working
on this
we're also working to increase the flow
of life-saving humanitarian assistance
food water medicine we're calling for
respecting the international law uh in
terms of minimizing the loss of innocent
lives and of course we're continuing to
advocate for humanitarian pauses so that
people can get out of Harm's Way and
that Aid and assistance can get in over
the last couple of days the 19th the
18th and the 19th of November almost 100
trucks carrying humanitarian Aid uh were
able to enter Gaza that brings the total
to over
1260 uh and then following following
Israel's announcement that it's allowing
fuel now into Gaza to support
non-governmental organizations at our
strong request uh we are now tracking
that six trucks have C crossed down into
Gaza uh with approximately 18,000
gallons of fuel that will help support
food distribution uh and it'll help
generators for uh for the hospital so
they can keep uh working the total
number of US citizens that we've been
able to uh move out of Gaza through that
Rafa Crossing is now up to 800 we're
continuing to work that every day as
well Ste John the United Nation family
members one of their deep abiding
frustrations is that it's I think day 45
and they don't have any
information