Wookies now have George Galloway as the
favorite to win a byelection in Wale he
told Middle East ey he's running because
millions of Britains are revolted by
labor stance on Gaza well there's a
byelection and there's a political
leader of a political party it's my duty
to put before the public wherever the
opportunity exists the perspectives that
we have about Britain about Britain's
role in the world and of course about
the great international issues that are
unfolding particularly the genocide in
Gaza uh some journalists find it
difficult to accept that there are
millions of people in Britain that are
revolted by our country's role first of
all in the whole Palestinian tragedy in
the first place but in our government
and our opposition's support for
netanyahu's genocide uh but we make no
apology uh for it and there are many
people who are answering our call for an
end to the genocide for an end to the
occupation and for justice for the
Palestinian people the labor party have
failed to call for a ceasefire in Gaza
yet fielded a candidate who was
withdrawn due to anti-semitic concerns
after remarks suggesting Israel was
complicit in the October 7th Massacre
they are openly uh admitting that it's
been to use their words a bumpy weak and
by bumpy weak they mean that the uh
weapon that they had fashioned to
destroy Jeremy Corbin and his supporters
in the labor party has turned into a
boomerang and is now cutting down
starmer's own supporters both of the
labor MPS that have been suspended this
week well candidate and an MP uh are
starmar supporters are Tony Blair
supporters so they created what was
effectively a scam that Julia that uh
Jeremy Corbin was somehow uh a closet or
even raging anti- Semite it was a lie
and it's a lie that's come now back to
haunt the people who invented it
Rochdale has a 30,000 strong Asian
Community many of whom have been
disappointed with the labor party stance
on Gaza this may Impact labor over all
popularity Independents are coming up
like mushrooms all over the country and
they're going to harm k starmer a lot
and the members of parliament who
blindly followed them in this rush to
destroy carbonis uh are going to have to
calculate that it might well cost them
their own
careers