take you into the life of a gazin right
now what are they facing on a daily
basis almost everyone who spoken out and
there are by the way very very few media
reports that are emerging from Gaza
because communication is virtually
impossible there's no signal in most
areas uh forget signal there's no power
there's no electricity Supply there's no
food and medical supplies so you can
imagine how difficult it is right now
for any Garin to live by they're taking
it essentially one day at a time
ranked tall blocks
flattened
the ruins of what was a giant structure
in Gaza not long ago as you see not only
the mosque was totally damaged but other
nearby virgy very close home to this MOS
has been partially damaged because of
the Israeli strike on the mosque and the
neighborhood in general this one of the
closest homes to the mosque that was
partially damaged by the raid on the
mosque
2 million residents running out of food
fuel electricity and water in the Under
Siege Gaza
STP many lost their homes their dear
ones to incessant bombings by Israeli
War
ples many others trying to find a safe
shelter in un school buildings as ground
attacks by Israeli forces look
imminent this is a fortory building the
fortory building of one of the neighbors
of ibraim that this destruction of such
a building has uh affected abim's
apartment just nearby and this is one
actually of the uh let me say hundreds
maybe hundreds of buildings residential
homes that have been destroyed either
completely or partially by the Israeli
war planes over the past six days of
intensive sporadic Israeli a strikes on
the Gaza Strip India Today reporting
from inside Gaza where a massive
humanitarian crisis has unfolded amidst
Fierce Israeli retaliation to hamas's
Saturday
incursions this is what remains of a
bombed building from
inside the death toll in Gaza Rose to
1,200 early Thursday according to the UN
the number of people displaced by the
Israeli air strikes has soed to 3 lakh
39,000 India today bringing you
comprehensive coverage of the Israel
Hamas war from both sides the latest
developments and the human cost of the
conflict with Rami almari from Gaza
Bureau report India
today