[Music]
[Applause]
Malaysian demonstrators held a protest
in their Capital qual Lor over the
bloody conflict between Israel and Hamas
more than 7,000 kilm away showing their
solidarity with the Palestinian people
Hamas attacks have killed an estimated
1300 men women and children in Israel
while Israeli retaliatory strikes on the
Gaza Strip have killed some 1500 people
a third of them children according to
gaza's health Ministry the demonstrators
call for an end to the bombing in Gaza
yes they have to step the bomb the
bombing things and they have to stop to
hurt people and even kill so many
children so many women so many innocent
people there you need all the medical
support you need all the basic
necessities the food the water the
electricity how can they survive without
all those Aid groups are warning of a
humanitarian disaster in the Gaza Strip
the Israeli military has asked civilians
to leave Northern Gaza and exit to
Israel and Egypt have been closed we
really uh believe that uh for the last
seven decades uh Israeli under the with
the backing of state has been
suppressing has been oppressing uh the
Palestinian and going back to the two
years two years back when the 2021 War
uh Malayan also feel uh the you know
helplessness of the Palestinian people
especially in Gaza political analyst AI
Hassan says last weekend's attack by
Hamas does not overshadow Israel's
actions over several decades yeah it is
true that Hamas uh you know killing
civilians uh that's cannot be denied but
it make things worse the repercussion or
the uh the the the things that the
Israeli do towards the Gaza people is 10
times 20 times much worse I think that's
the reason why Malaysia is still
sticking with the Palestinian this sign
reads the US Embassy is a terrorist Nest
this protest was outside the US Embassy
because Malaysia Israel do not have
diplomatic relations there is no Israel
Embassy in Malaysia the closest Embassy
that is closest to America to Israel is
the American Embassy and we know America
has been the Godfather of Israel since
day one the US Embassy had not yet
responded to va's request for comment
demonstrators are asking the world to
focus on the conflict happening now and
the impact of conflict on Palestinians
over the past decades Dave gabal vaa
news quador
Malaysia