joining us now is retired Major General
David Fraser CTV military analyst and
former commander of NATO forces in
southern Afghanistan Major General
Israel has now ordered a full Siege of
Gaza Hamas has threatened to execute
hostages anytime an air strike hits
gazans in their home the rules of War
here seem to be gone is a peaceful
resolution possible and what needs to
happen to prevent a full fledged
regional
conflict well Heather there is no
peaceful resolution in the short term
this is is going to be a bloody war
Hamas abides by no rules of law uh no
law of armed conflict Israel on the
other hand tends to do so but because of
the uh change in the scope of the Hamas
Playbook here we should quite frankly be
looking for no rules on this fight it's
going to be a bloody fight until the end
the world's attention right now is on
this conflict countries are mobilizing
Aid and Military Support but I want to
ask you what might this mean for the war
in Ukraine especially given waning
support from some in the United
States the waning support uh from United
States and the rest of the world quite
frankly uh has been accelerated because
Hamas has turned the channel everybody's
going to flip off of Ukraine and going
to go back onto Israel and Hamas United
States is going to go directly to the
biggest partner they have which is the
Israelis uh this is bad news for Ukraine
good news for Putin uh bad news for
Hamas and the other players uh because
now the United States is going to be
fully behind this and this war has the
great potential of becoming more than
just the region but expand into other
regions including Lebanon the West Bank
and other countries all right Major
General David Fraser we appreciate your
Insight tonight