now to the latest in Israel prime
minister Benjamin Benjamin Netanyahu
underwent emergency surgery this morning
as protesters against his government
take to the streets our foreign
correspondent Britt clinet is on the
scene for us there in Jerusalem good
morning
Brit good morning Robin yeah the
hospital where Netanyahu is staying says
the prime minister is in excellent
condition after a successful operation
to treat a hernia now the 74 year-old
surgery taking place as tens of
thousands of people joined with the
families of the hosital mes to call for
Netanyahu to step down and they're
planning to protest again here in
Jerusalem for a second night now it
comes as the IDF says it has withdrawn
from alifa hospital after a two week
operation the IDF calling it a major
success with its forces killing over 200
militants but videos showing the utter
destruction there now the hospital
complex appears to be totally flattened
some buildings are still smoldering the
who says 21 patients died during The
Raid although that's a claim the IDF
disputes Netanyahu before his surgery
reiterating that there is no Victory
without going into rougher and that's
despite the Biden Administration warning
that it would lead to mass civilian
casualties though Biden also reportedly
signing off on another round of weapons
for Israel in a longstanding deal worth
billions of dollars George okay BR
thanks hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching