the issue of Jerusalem as a capital for
either Palestine or Israel has been one
of the most contentious issues over the
last 50 years of occupation both
countries both people try and claim it
as their own and what happened when
Donald Trump went forward and said that
the US was going to declare that
Jerusalem is a capital of Israel was
ignite this festering hatred has been
sitting here for a very long time and
this hatred isn't just about Jerusalem
it's about the occupation it's about the
conditions it's about the traditions of
apartheid that the UN has announced that
people here Palestinians here are living
under Palestinians living within Israeli
borders are treated as second-class
citizens or even third-class citizens
they are not allowed to vote in some
instances they're not allowed to own
land or get building permits it's
extremely difficult for them to get
anywhere without going through
checkpoints without having to leave
especially these two even just visit
holy sites and not only is Jerusalem
important for the Palestinians but this
place here that we're standing in the
lava is the third holiest site in Islam
so for Muslims around the world it is
Sacre cent and the idea that another
country is going to give that dominion
over to Israel to the Israeli government
and take it away from the Palestinians
and figure away from the Jordanian
government that's currently overseeing
this place as a guardianship this is the
last straw for a lot of people which is
why we heard from Hamas yesterday which
is why we heard from a Buddha vest
pulling for a general strike which is
why we heard from Muslim leaders around
the world not just puts them in US but
international leaders because this for a
lot of people is a red line for wear
base have seen the deterioration a
continued deterioration of the peace
talks between Israelis and Palestinians
and the neutral role that the US has
supposedly been playing