[Applause]
for say
like
spee fore
spee
my children are missing uh along with
another girl that came running to us uh
I'm here because uh I want the Israeli
government along with the Kamas uh
organization both uh I have to say it
sounds uh not so out of context right
now but uh
overall we're religious uh countries
Israel is a
Jewish and Kamas are uh Muslim both
peaceful loving religions I think uh
over the past years you know uh we got
into a situation we don't know how to
get out of and it led to to what has
happened right
now and my kids are over there along
with my wife I hope uh in good health
and I want them to come back home in
good health and uh I came here this is
where decisions are being made in Israel
if I could go to the center of Gaza and
do the same thing I would and I wish I
could go there
someday we have to stop I think we we
got
this right now as a sign from God just
to stop the Bloodshed and I ask Kamas
which is holding my family I hope hope
again in good health please stop and the
Israeli government to please stop and
just bring the women and children
[Music]
back I just want my brother back there's
nothing more I want this whole thing
is supposed to be for us to unite and
get all the
all the hostages back home
safely the least amount of casualties is
possible
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
possible I'm here because I want to make
sure that it's loud and clear that the
first priority should be bringing them
home now we have almost 200 people out
there and we're not leaving wounded
behind this is a saying in Hebrew and
we're here to remind it to the people
that are making decisions about how this
will develop because I'm not confident
that those people in charge right now
have the right priorities they haven't
proven it yet the whole week since this
war started that the right priorities
are there and we are here because we
will not leave our people
[Music]
behind