emergency workers scaled Rubble inside
Iran's Embassy compound in Syria after a
suspected bombing by Israeli war planes
on Monday Tyron said the strike killed
seven military advisers including three
senior commanders the target according
to Iranian State media was top
revolutionary guards Commander Muhammad
razza zahi he had been a senior
commander in Iran's Elite KS Force the
core is overseas arm according to the
guards them Iran's ambassador to Syria
Hussein akbari said tyron's response
would be harsh Syria's foreign minister
condemned the attack it State media
cited a military Source saying Israel
launched the attack from the occupied
Golan Heights and that its air defense
system shot down some of the missiles
the strike appeared to Signal an
escalation in Israel's war against
Iran's Regional proxies Israel has long
targeted Iranian military installation
in Syria as well as the
proxies Monday's attack marked the first
time Iran's Embassy compound itself had
been
hit since the attack on Israel nearly 6
months ago by Palestinian group Hamas
which is also backed by Iran Israel has
ramped up strikes in Syria against
Iran's guards as well as Hezbollah the
Tyran backed Lebanese armed group they
both support Syria's government of
President Bashar al-assad the White
House said it was still looking into
reports about The strikes while State
Department spokesperson Matthew Miller
said the goal is still to prevent any
possible escalation of conflict of
course we were always uh concerned about
um uh about anything that would be
escalatory or um cause an increase in
conflict in the region Israel typically
does not comment on its attacks in Syria
and declined to do so on Monday although
it also said on Monday it had stopped
weapons from being smug into the West
Bank from Iran