[Music]
israeli forces are removing illegal
settlers from the off resettlement in
the occupied West Bank hundreds of
Israeli use of surrounded nine settler
homes which are due to be demolished the
properties were built on private
Palestinian land and Israel supreme
court ordered they had to be demolished
by Sunday well Greg källström is
following developments from Tel Aviv he
says a number of police officials were
injured during the evacuation
hundreds of Israeli police officers were
deployed to evacuate these nine homes in
havre number of them we understand at
least eight officers were injured
several of them were bitten others had
things thrown at them from protesters
not only residents of this settlement
but also their supporters from across
the West Bank who came to offer today
similar to what we saw last month in a
mona a settlement on a neighboring
hilltop in fact that was built entirely
on illegally obtained private
Palestinian land the high court ordered
that settlement demolish that required
thousands of officers to evacuate over
two days so obviously smaller in scale
here but similarly contentious and
divisive amongst the settler movement
than the Israeli right all of this of
course comes a few weeks after the
israeli parliament passed a bill that
would retro actively legalize this sort
of construction says that the thousands
of homes built on private palestinian
land across the West Bank have been
retro actively authorized and the land
owners might be eligible for financial
compensation or for new plots of land
but the Knesset has effectively taken
away their right to ownership of the
land in this case because there was
already a court ruling in place that law
was not enough to prevent these homes
from being demolished but it does little
good for the Palestinian owners because
these homes are located within a larger
settlement and so even after the homes
are raised they can't access their land
and they certainly can build on it
because it is within a settlement
Palestinians are effectively not allowed
to access
[Music]