we're in uh the Goan Heights the Syrian
border it's just a couple kilometers
over that way and the Lev e Border in
the other
direction and we're with Israeli
paratroopers who were stationed up here
and they're getting ready for a
potential conflict with Hezbollah the
Goan Heights have been fought over many
times it is now Israeli occupied land
annexed after the 1967 War today it is
again highly militarized preparing for
war with a bigger more heavily armed
enemy than Hamas Hezbollah is a pro-
Iranian militia just over the
border of course this isn't any old
exercise it's an exercise with the
knowledge that they could be going to
war any day now that is the message that
the soldiers have been given from the
Israeli government and the senior
military Commanders the Target in this
exercise a mock Lebanese
Village this life fire
exercise attack
Le tanks snipers on
hill of artillery from the other forces
a decision whether to invade Lebanon has
not been made yet but all the soldiers
we spoke to privately said they thought
it would happen we do not take uh uh the
Readiness lightly and we uh uh
continuously learn about their level of
Readiness and their experience uh to
fully understand our opponents and our
enemies um but it doesn't uh uh
intimidate us uh uh I believe that the
IDF throughout and my unit especially
are much better trained and equipped
than kisana this of course currently a
warning to Hezbollah even if there was a
ceasefire and Hezbollah stopped firing
Rockets into Israel that might not be
enough to prevent War because the
Israelis have been very clear that they
want to push Hezbollah back deeper into
Southern Lebanon in accordance with a UN
resolution and if diplomacy doesn't work
they'll use the idef to do it