neighborhoods in Gaza reduced to Ash and
Rubble mosques schools and houses have
been flattened the result of intense
Israeli air strikes people are returning
to What's Left of their homes to salvage
what they can which isn't
much Muhammad Nar says all that's left
of his belongings are mattresses and
pillows we are surrounded by Rubble no
food nowhere to live everyone is
attacking us and we can't even eat or
feed our children and they destroyed our
homes we can't live like this where
should we go and that's the question
where these people go now is anyone's
Guess The Enclave is Boxed In by the
Mediterranean Sea and by firmly closed
borders with Israel and
Egypt ambulances pick up the injured to
Ferry them to hospitals that are already
at capacity and running low on power and
supplies the morgs are fill too Allah Al
kar's family has been wiped
out I have lost my father brother Uncle
two cousins two extended family members
and my pregnant wife I am the only
Survivor there was indiscriminate
violence on Saturday in the cfar haak
kabut just over the Border in Israel
when Hamas gunman stormed the community
Israeli troops fought Hamas here for 3
days and now the soldiers are recovering
the bodies of the victims it's not clear
how many he here were taken hostage or
killed you see the babies the mother the
fathers in their bedrooms in the
protection rooms and how the terrorists
kill them it's not a war it's not a
battlefield it's a massacre nearby to
the north the port city of ashalon
sustained damage from Hamas Rockets the
puffs of smoke caused by the Iron Dome
defense
system there was white smoke in the
border with Lebanon too who as incoming
missiles Drew Israeli return fire there
are concerns of a broader conflict
between Israel and lebanon's Hezbollah
Group which is backed by Israel's Arch
Enemy Iran US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin is traveling to Israel and is
expected to reiterate the White House's
support for its Ally the Israeli Defense
Forces released this footage of what it
said was Advanced American Weaponry
arriving in Israel the United Nations is
calling on Israel to avoid Collective
punishment in Gaza but the humanitarian
crisis here stands to get a lot worse
clear Harriot TT
world