good afternoon and uh warm welcome to Dr
Mustafa that well I think uh uh uh I
think we we the Palestinian Authority
are facing significant challenges
occupation is one of them but there are
also many other things uh the fiscal
situation is not great the security
situation caused by the settlers and the
Israeli Army and the and the rates they
do every day uh are not helping anyone
to to to perform well nevertheless we we
want to give an excuse for anyone but I
think we we can also Palestinian
Authority can do better in terms of BU
building better institutions providing
better governance so that we can unite
our people in the next phase so that we
can reunite Gaza and the West Bank and
also prepare for reconstruction of Gaza
we don't want to leave Gaza without
reconstruction it's very important we do
that and also open up a clear pathway
forward toward stat
statehood we are committed to uh bring
the best possible outcome for our people
especially our people in Gaza I mean I
think I think it's it's it's a bit risky
to talk about anything political and
anything beyond tomorrow or Beyond next
week when still hundreds of thousands of
people living live in hunger live
without uh any shelter live without any
medicine it's it's it's hard to talk
about all of this but uh one could
simply say that uh we would like to see
Israelis leave Gaza as soon as possible
the earlier the better killing enough
killing has been done already the more
the more they spend more time in Gaza
you will be more death and that's not a
good thing let's just keep it short
let's get them out of Gaza as soon as
possible now I I'm not naive to say that
they're going to do that without proper
Arrangements let's talk about these
arrangements as soon as
possible
I think they need to quickly understand
that their security should not
necessarily be a way to undermine our
sovereignty they should also understand
that our capital in East Jerusalem is
not something we can talk about because
this is a red line for
us
for Now
[Music]
do
[Applause]
so
[Music]
thear camel thear
camel
[Music]
I don't
know