[Music]
amid the Myriad images of violence and
death that have emerged from Gaza since
October the 7th the plight of the
enclaves premature babies will likely be
the defining
ones these are just some of the victims
of this conflict days old and
defenseless some have perished after
electricity at alifa hospital was cut
off dwindling fuel supplies no longer
support those who relied on this
facility to help them survive most have
fled cha is uh not yet completely
evacuated but let me start differently
again here W's priority is not
evacuating the hospital or the hospitals
the hospitals are the only safe space
for any population to go to when all the
Last Resorts have been cut off Israel
feels differently we're now outside a
street which is parallel to the shifa
hospital the Israeli Army allowed
Reuters on Wednesday to film what the
military claimed are tunnels used by
Hamas members the Army said the 2 m High
tunnel shaft provided access Outdoors to
the grounds of alifa Hospital inside the
Army claimed was a bathroom kitchen and
an air conditioned meeting room which
served as a command post there is a
rooms uh that uh that helps the fases to
stay here and they uses the hospital as
a human shield because they understood
that we will not attack
the claims come days after a World
Health Organization team visited alifa
that team the organization said saw
signs of shelling and gunfire describing
it as a death zone alifa is Gaza and
Gaza is alifa right
now the situation there is the same
everywhere and people are safe nowhere
alifa May no longer be a functional
medical facility but its role in this
conflict how ever looks far from over JN
trt