[Music]
who omar bakker's 10 year old son and
three of his cousins were playing
football on a beach in gaza when they
were killed in an israeli airstrike
they were in the plane and they could
see children playing on the shore yet
they still went ahead they broke our
hearts i vip for our children i saw
their buddies on the beach and i beg the
icc judges we will wait for justice
until our last breath
israel must be tried for this it must
pay the price
israel is not above international law
after the incident in july 2014
israel launched its own probe a year
later the investigation concluded while
describing the deaths as a tragic
accident the report found the attack was
legal
so the bacar family sought justice from
a higher body
more than six years later the icc has
announced its investigation will cover
not only gaza but also the occupied west
bank and occupied east jerusalem it is
going to look into very difficult
political situations for israel which is
its gaza
its involvement in the gaza operations
and also its policy uh with regard to
settlements and of course for israel
this means that the very high stake
political issues are now going to be uh
viewed scrutinized very closely by an
international court over which it has
limited influence
palestinians have welcomed the ruling
describing it as a historic day
however israel says the icc decision is
anti-semitic and has condemned the
investigation as legal persecution
according to the un at least 1 400
palestinian civilians were killed in the
gaza war of 2014 compared to six on the
israeli side many of the victims were
children
i urge the icc and the whole world to
stand with the children who were victims
of the israeli war i hope we will do
right by them because they were innocent
what were they doing they were playing
and they were killed in cold blood
there's a long road ahead for the bakker
family but they say at least it's a step
closer to justice wilson deizard trt
world
[Music]
you