declaring for days that it is ready to
fight a two-front war Israel's defense
minister on Saturday announced that the
Iran back his buet in Lebanon is paying
the price for taking part in the war
against it ever since the war started
between Israel and Hamas Israeli Defense
Forces have been exchanging fire with
Hezbollah on the Lebanese border an
Israeli soldier was killed in a missile
attack on Saturday a day before the is
Israeli Army released footage of its
forces targeting Hezbollah
infrastructure including an observation
post in Lebanon but Hezbollah poses a
bigger danger to Israel than Hamas let's
take a look at how this is so hisbah is
a Shiite militant group based in Lebanon
compared to Hamas hisbah has an
extensive security apparatus now the
group in its Manifesto has vowed to
expel Western powers it called for the
destruction of Israeli State and pledged
allegiance to Iran's supreme leader in
1978 hisbah is led by Hassan nazala who
took over as Secretary General in
1992 this was after the previous leader
abas al- musawi was assassinated by
Israel nzala overseas the seven member
shur Council and its five sub councils
according to the US Department Hezbollah
has tens of thousands of members and
supporters worldwide according to the
international institute for strategic
studies Hezbollah has 20,000 active
Fighters and 20,000 reserves in the year
2020 now the group also boasts of a
stockpile of over
150,000 rockets and missiles many long
range and precision
guided Al Fat 110 and m600 are some of
the longest ranged weapons in the
Hezbollah Arsenal experts say HBO
possesses a larger arsenal of artillery
than most Nations
enjoy a 2018 report from the center for
strategic and International Studies
called it the world's most heavily armed
nonstate actor so at a time when
Israel's much touted iron d could not
take the volley of hamus rockets coming
in from Gaza his bu's bigger arsenal of
tens of thousands of rockets poses a
much bigger threat the conflict between
Israel and Hezbollah goes back to
Israel's occupation of Southern Lebanon
in
1978 even after Israel officially
withdrew from Southern Lebanon in 2000
it continued to clash with hisbah in the
light of the recent flareups Israeli
tanks and troops have been stationed
along Lebanon and it has also evacuated
its citizens from the border
[Music]
areas