now as we continue our rolling coverage
of the Israel Hamas conflict we bring
you live visuals from the Gaza Strip a
week into the conflict now the strip is
under heavy bombing from the Israeli
side and these are the live visuals from
Gaza we will continue getting you live
visuals from Gaza throughout our
coverage
[Music]
today
US Secretary of State Anthony blinkin
met Palestinian Authority president mmud
abas in Jordan the meet was a part of Us
official stores across the region in
response to hamas's attack on Israel
blinkin reiterated Us's unequivocal
condemnation of the attack by Hamas
against Israel linkoln also detailed us
efforts to coordinate with Partners to
prevent the conflict from widening this
meeting also brings the Palestinian
Authority in focus
the Palestinian Authority is a governing
body that has overseen parts of West
Bank since the mid90s its creation was
supposed to pave the way to an
independent Palestinian state but today
it is considered to be toothless under
the influence of
Israel in 2004 the Palestine Authority
lost its grip on par after Hamas won
parliamentary elections Hamas took full
control of of the Gaza Strip after a
brief Civil War and refused to recognize
the state of
Israel Hamas also campaigned on
anti-corruption and anti-western
platform Hamas restored to extreme
violence to push for its goals and with
the war breaking out the West is drawing
parallels with other major Terror
organizations US President Joe Biden
also called out Hamas and compared it to
alqaeda
we we're with you Mr Prime Minister and
as the president said we have your back
and uh you know it's an awful week it's
a disgusting acts uh by this uh
terrorist
group um and uh as you know I was a guy
that uh initially put the Isis Campaign
together and I I know a lot about Isis
and this is uh is worse than what I saw
with Isis I also want to say a word
about the situation in Israel the more
we learned about the attack the more
horrifying it becomes more than
1,000 1,000 innocent lives lost
including at least 27 Americans these
guys
make they make Al-Qaeda look pure
they're pure they're Pure
[Music]
Evil oh