and Yemen Hui Rebels have claimed
responsibility for a military operation
using drones in the Israeli ports City
vat the rebel group also attacked a kago
vessel in the Red Sea the Iran BR group
has said that these attacks are to
create pressure point over Israel to
stop the war in Gaza outing the details
about the twin attacks the group's
military spokesperson Yaya sari has said
that the attack on the Liberia flagged
vessel came after it rejected three
warning calls listen
in in
in a victory against the oppression of
the Palestinian people who until this
moment are being subjected to killing
destruction Siege and starvation the
naval forces of the yemeni Armed Forces
with God's help carried out an operation
targeting a commercial ship MC United
using appropriate Naval
missiles meanwhile the shipping company
MSC United also confirmed that their
vessel came under attack on Tuesday the
crew of The Vessel which was was taking
a journey from the Abdullah port in
Saudi Arabia to Pakistan's Karachi are
reported safe the company is carrying
out internal assessments over the
aggression and have flagged it to the
us-led naval Coalition in the Red Sea
quoting the confrontation the US Central
Command took to the social media
platform X to release some details in
retaliation the US shot down 12 oneway
attack drones three anti-ip ballistic
missiles and two land attack cruise
missiles as for the command the huist
carried out an attack spanning over 10
hours now attacks in the Red Sea against
shipping vessels have disrupted and
slowed down trade and the us-led
multinational Coalition assists in
protecting against these attacks the
attack was first reported by a British
Maritime group that prompted explosions
and presence of the drones in the Red
Sea while occasional attacks by the
houti rebels are not uncommon in the Red
Sea the frequency has stepped up since
the Israel Hamas war in fact previously
the rebel military spokesperson
also said that they will not allow ships
to reach Israeli ports until the country
reopens food and Medicine Supply in the
Gaza
Strip