there are new signs of tension between
President Biden and Israel's Benjamin
Netanyahu over the war in Gaza the
Israeli Prime Minister is pushing back
against the president's comments last
week when Biden said Netanyahu is
hurting Israel more than he's helping
Chris lipay has the
report amid the mounting humanitarian
crisis in Gaza Israel plans to invade
Rafa Hamas stronghold but also a refuge
to more than 1 million Palestinians
President Biden was asked if that would
be a red line it is a red line but I'm
never going to leave Israel the defense
of Israel is still critical so there's
no red line I'm going to cut off all
weapons but there's red lines that if he
crosses in the he cannot have 30,000
more Palestinians dead in response
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu vowed his military will go to
Rua regardless I have a red line you
know what the red line is that October
7th doesn't happen again never happens
again this week marks the start of
Ramadan the Islamic holy month a time of
prayer and fasting but in recent years
violence as well over Israeli
restrictions on accessing Muslim holy
sites in Jerusalem sumers lawi is an
activist with the Palestinian political
party fata I wish the Americans will be
able to put more pressure in the coming
few days it's a ticking bomb situation
it's a ticking Time Bomb nobody can tell
you what could
happen something will
happen
now President Biden continues to push
for a ceasefire deal in exchange for
dozens of Israeli hostages still in
Hamas captivity for 5 months but despite
that punishing Israeli ground offensive
and now the beginning of Ramadan Hamas
refuses to make a deal Gail all right
Chris Li say reporting from Israel we
thank you