[Music]
well the UN Security Council has
postponed a vote on a draft resolution
demanding an end to Israeli settlements
in the Palestinian territories an
Israeli Diplomat says officials from
prime minister Benin netanyahu's office
spoke to Cairo about postponing the vote
but Egyptian president Abdul fat alizi
says the delay was to allow for more
time for consultations on that issue no
new date has been scheduled for the vote
now there is speculation that the vote
might still take place later this week
Nick Harper has more from New
York well this was a draft resolution
that was calling on Israel to stop
building settlements on Palestinian
territory it was a resolution that was
proposed by Egypt but it is Egypt that's
asking for the delay it's not exactly
clear whether it's being delayed in
indefinitely Or whether it is a simple
postponement there is some speculation
that may be put before the security
Council on Friday morning instead now
there are reports that the uh president
of Egypt president Al CeCe asked the
Egyptian Mission here in New York to
postpone this vote and other reports
suggesting that the Israeli government
got in touch with the Egyptian
government to ask for this postponement
obviously Israel were very unhappy about
this Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
yanyah who has spoken out about the fact
that it didn't want the United Nations
security Council to go ahead with this
vote and here in America we had the
president elect Donald Trump putting out
a statement saying that the United
States should veto the resolution when
it came up for a vote it wasn't exactly
clear how the US was going to vote on
this resolution however we have to
remember that back in
2011 the US did veto a similar proposal
of course in the past we have seen the
United States very much trying to guard
the interests of Israel and therefore it
has been suggested that the United
Nations is anti-israel however diplomats
are at pains to try and point out that
they're not anti-israel they are anti-
settlement uh so the people who've put
forward this resolution the Egyptians
saying that the building of these
settlements on Palestinian territory is
illegal and therefore that's what
they're targeting rather than targeting
the actual nation of Israel
itself