one after the other ambulances carrying
the wounded arrive at the alifa hospital
in Gaza City the injured are pouring in
from a place where they were supposed to
feel safe at the alali alh harabi
hospital hit by an apparent strike the
Israeli military has denied all
involvement blaming the attack on
Islamic Jihad I can confirm that the
trajectory analysis from the barriage of
rockets confirms that the Rockets were
fired close proximity to the hospital
aftermath after the hit there is no
structural damage to the building the
walls stand intact there are no craters
here shows that not an aerial munition
that have hit the parking lot hundreds
have been killed victims include
patients that were receiving treatment
at the facility but Hamas says most of
them were people seeking shelter therea
being displaced following days of
Israeli bombings on The
Enclave Palestinian president Mahmud
Abbas has declared 3 days of mourning
for the attacks which he described as
genocide Hamas is calling on the
International Community to
intervene I call all the free people
United Nations security Council and
United Nations General Assembly legal
institution I called the Arab League and
the organization of Islamic cooperation
for a clear condemnation of this bad
Massacre for mass murder and deprivation
of our blood our women children and
elderly this silence must
stop several parts of the International
Community have joined the chorus of
condemnation over the strike it's
another reminder of the terror in this
war it comes on the eve of a trip by US
President Joe Biden to Israel during
which he'll expressed Washington's
support Biden was expected to meet Arab
leaders in Jordan following the visit
Jordan has now canceled The Summit in
the wake of the attack on Hospital