just days after orani and backed houti
Rebels attacked the US in the Red
Sea Iran's foreign minister warning the
us over its policy in Gaza
Tuesday has an uncontrollable and
unpredictable explosion could take place
at any time this is what the Americans
haven't realized until today and if they
don't realize it soon the consequences
will strongly affect the United States
on Capitol Hill Republican lawmakers
saying the Biden administration's
policies have encouraged Iranian
aggression Iran has been emboldened to
throw its weight around the Middle East
from Yemen to Gaza with it or its
proxies directly attacking US military
sites and warships essentially without
consequence Republicans criticized the
Biden administration's deal to unfreeze
6 billion in assets earlier this year in
return for the release of five hostages
when this government releases money to
Iran or relaxes the enforcement of
sanctions it is funding the very Terror
operations directed against the Iranian
people the people of Israel and someday
soon I am afraid against the people of
the United States the no funds for
ranian terrorism act freezing that $6
billion transfer passed with bipartisan
support in the US House if God forbid
Iran gets an advantage the government
gets an advantage by seing seizing an
American hostage after those hostages
are released we should try to take away
the advantage they got this is not a
legitimate
[Music]
deal when Americans are held hostage
lawmakers said protests led by Iranian
women show that regime change will
ultimately come from within the country
the women of Iran in particular need to
be called out for their bravery for
their vision and for their willingness
to stand up for not only their future
but for freedom of every Iranian us
lawmakers reintroduced hr100 on Tuesday
expressing the US congress's support for
a democratic secular and non-nuclear
Iran Katherine gypson vaa
news