a Soros link emerges now to the Apple
snoopgate controversy were messages sent
by Soros linked
NGO opposition continues to repeat the
snooping charge the BJP hits out they
say the opposition is in cahoots with
the anti-india
forces Parry panel contemplates
summoning Apple representative over
security alert
messages sources say maa's parliamentary
account was accessed 47 times from Dubai
took 15 unaccounted
trips from jaru Mumbai Mega Showdown
over the marata Kota still
continues
in a first since the Israel Hamas War 80
injured Palestinians are taken to Egypt
via the Rafa
border at war with Hamas and the hasah
Israel is now facing a fresh strike by
the armed Rebel forces in
[Music]
Yemen
[Music]
so there's a quick update on a story
that continues to get bigger about
snooping or no snooping and the charges
that the government said are completely
false the Parliamentary standing
committee on information technology is
contemplating the summoning of Apple
Representatives during an upom coming
meeting to address the recent state
sponsored attack on several public
figures in India in fact this is a quote
that I have just read this is also in
response to questions that have been
asked whether there could be any action
the committee Secretariat has also
expressed deep concern and it's treating
the matter with the utmost seriousness
is what officials
[Music]
said I first of all you tell us whether
there is any governmental agency that is
being given the responsibility to
conduct such surveillance against
opposition
leaders and why is this apple alert come
only to opposition leaders and to some
journalists and not to anybody from the
ruling
party isn't that
obvious the government must and that is
what I've written to the Prime Minister
yesterday asking for the government to
to clarify whether it has given this
responsibility and it is officially at
the official level conducting
surveillance of the instruments of the
opposition
leaders that they have not answered what
is this habitual criticism I don't
understand I mean what what why is it
that they are not answering whether they
bought the Pegasus from the Israeli
agency even the Supreme Court went on
record to say that the government
refused to cooperate with the
investigation on this issue they don't
admit anything of that nature then what
is it