in this compound many Hamas terrorist
operatives and Senior ones have been
hiding in the hospital and also Islamic
Jihad group has been hiding in this
Hospital
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
in
St
[Music]
we are here at chifa
hospital this is the entrance to the
hospital this is the Qatari building
building this is the emergency room in
this compound many Hamas terrorist
operatives and Senior ones have been
hiding in the hospital and also Islamic
Jihad group has been hiding in this
hospital when we entered the hospital we
were finding terrorists fighting against
us here in this area until now we have
arrested over
250 Hamas and Islamic Jihad terrorists
that we identify IED we are still
conducting an investigation on over
another
350 people that we suspect that they are
also connected to Terror until now none
civilians doctors medic teams none have
been hurt only the terrorists we are
supplying food water we have supplied
yesterday two generators to the
emergency room because there was a
problem with electricity we are
supplying also technicians to fix the
problems inside the emergency room and
the generators we are also supplying
medic teams to assist with everything or
anything that is needed we found in the
compound over 11 million
shekels used by
Kamas giving the money to his operatives
to conduct Terror from the northern Gaza
Kamas have tried to control again shifa
hospital as a hub to conduct all its ter
mission in Northern Gaza we call Kamas
terrorists to surrender we call it and
we speak by Arabic speakers here on the
ground but they are still hiding in this
building in the emergency room
exploiting and using the patients and
the medic teams this is Kamas and we
will reach every terrorist in this
compound until we finish the
[Music]
mission