Waring sides in Gaza as well as
thirdparty mediators sounded notes of
caution on progress towards another
truce in Gaza the developments come
hours after US President Joe Biden
expressed hope that a ceasefire could be
reached as early as Monday in an
interview to the NBC Biden said Israel
had agreed to Halt fighting in Gaza for
the Muslim holy month of Ramadan which
begins on March 10th but officials from
Israel Hamas and Qatar have suggested
that differences remain as negotiators
work to secure an agreement
media Reports say Israel was surprised
that Biden specified a date and that he
used the word ceasefire top Hamas
officials have also told media
organizations that the group was unaware
of any ceasefire agreement that could be
brokered by next Monday katar which
along with the US is a key mediator in
negotiations also added caution hinting
at a different timeline than that the
one suggested by Biden a spokesperson
for the Qatari foreign Ministry said
that they don't have an agreement so far
far meanwhile the UN says over 576,000
people in the Gaza Strip which is a
quarter of the entire population are one
step away from famine a senior un Aid
official warned that widespread famine
could be almost inevitable without
[Music]
action
from across the border Jordan's King
Abdullah joined his Air Force in
dropping air into the devastated Gaza
Strip King Abdullah announced that
humanitarian Aid to Gaza must be doubled
to prevent a deterioration in the Hunger
crisis affecting over 2 million people
people rode boats into the sea
collecting what was believed to be Aid
dropped over the
water I c110 aircraft one belonging to
the French Armed Forces carried out the
airdrops Jordan is urging its Western
allies to Lobby Israel to increase Aid
coming from the kingdom the flow of Aid
entering Gaza from Egypt has declined
dramatically in the past few weeks
Israel has maintain that it is not
blocking Aid it has instead blam the UN
and the Palestinian side for any
[Music]
delays
[Music]
St