i mean realistically this this has been
rolled out
atrociously people have no idea what
those restrictions are and and we don't
have really any good understanding of
why certain countries have been named
and why other countries haven't been it
seems very arbitrary very
discriminatorial i'll even say racist um
the way that those have been chosen we
we've seen the omicron in other
countries that have not been named you
know the the
the way it's being done is not
transparent it is not clear it is it is
hard for for canadians to understand
what's happening and we are i got into
this like we should have gotten this
you're sorry i just want to make sure
this is an important alligator you're
saying that the the the 10 countries
that were banned all in africa you're
saying that that's a racist rule that
they're banned and not other countries
that's your allegations but you know
what we have countries in europe that
have already got the the um the new
variant absolutely why is there some
countries being named and not others
there is this appearance that it is very
very random how it has been how it is
being rolled out why these countries are
being selected being punished instead of
other countries is
looks racist to me okay well i listen
i'm way over time but i must get mr
veroni to respond to that because that's
quite an allegation that there's racist
policies here in terms of the travel ban
sir
so as a child of uganda and as a
parliamentary secretary in this
government that categorically reject
that allegation i think that's false and
based on nothing this is based on the
science and the evidence the first
detection of the virus was originating
in south africa we applaud the south
africans for having the wherewithal to
be transparent in that regard
if i could finish if
i could finish heather and with respect
to the other seven countries many other
nations have done the exact same thing
with respect to targeting those other
seven nations it has been extended to
malawi egypt and nigeria i believe
because of the inability to test in
certain regions of the world that is not
a racist decision that is a decision
that's based on the evidence and that is
what we've done throughout this pandemic
that is what we will continue to do to
keep canadians safe