all of this comes on the heels of
Trudeau's recent comments about the
Israel Hamas war and that's gotten him
some criticism at an event in BC last
night the Prime Minister called on
Israel to use maximum restraint and said
that the world is watching Rafi bujak
Canyon now on the political follow from
that I urge the government of Israel to
exercise maximum
restraint Justin Trudeau on the conflict
in Gaza Tuesday night the world is
watching on TV on social media we're
hearing the testimonies of doctors
family members words with no change in
policy with regards to support for
Israel but the change in tone got a
reaction from that country's leader just
hours later it is not Israel that is
deliberately targeting civilians but
Hamas that beheaded burnt and massacred
civilians in the worst Horrors
perpetrated on Jews since the Holocaust
and the forces of civilization must back
Israel he said call for sa fire to die
you have blood on your head not long
after that Trudeau found himself hounded
at a restaurant in DC by Pro Palestinian
protesters 250 of them Vancouver Police
say people are frustrated because Canada
has not taken that position Justin
Trudeau has not taken that position of a
ceasefire asked about the prime
minister's comments today this is how
Christian feels responded the
humanitarian situation in Gaza is
heartbreaking it's really difficult um
to see the images of what's Happening
while Jewish and Muslim Community groups
in Canada are unsatisfied for different
reasons delivered sharply and curtly you
know a with the accusation of Israel
killing um of women killing of uh of
Children Killing of babies
really was something that did not um
properly
contextualize um how we got here the
fact that the Canadian Prime Minister
has clearly decried the killing of women
and children and babies um and has
clearly said it needs to stop we think
that that is an important and a positive
step um but we need to see more Canada
needs to take a leading role
internationally in terms of advocating
for a ceasefire the debate has divided
Parliament two the conservatives and
most liberals do not want a ceasefire
but the NDP the bla and 25 of Trudeau's
MPS are calling for one there is no
indication the government's language May
evolve further than it already has Rafi
bujan CBC News arwa