as a war Gaza enters the seventh month
the cracks are widening in netanyahu's
cabinet Israel's longest serving prime
minister is facing increasing pressure
from the United States growing Global
criticism over civilian casualties in
Gaza and growing protests at home
demanding his resignation for failing to
bring Israeli hostages back home a new
round of ceasefire negotiations began
this week in Cairo but a senior Hamas
official said talks were on hold after
the group received a proposal from
mediat
on the other hand Israel said its
foremost objective is the release of
hostages on Monday Netanyahu said Israel
is set on total victory over Hamas that
will require entering Rafa Rafa is a
southern Gaza City where much of the
enclaves displaced population is
currently Sheltering Israel says the
region is the last resort in eliminating
the terrorist B
battalions while foreign governments and
organizations have urged Israel against
stor raer over fears of a bloodbath far
right Israeli ministers denounced
netanyahu's decision to reduce military
presence in Gaza Ben Giver said if
Netanyahu decides to end the war without
a large scale offensive in Rafa to
defeat Hamas he will not have a mandate
to continue serving as prime minister
the Israeli security cabinet meeting is
car landway meanwhile in addition to the
growing calls to allow Aid into the
besieged strip there's also Rising
pressure to get the hostages released
Hamas took 253 people hostage in its
October 7th attack out of
253 129 continue to remain in captivity
and even out of these s believed to be
dead the choices which Netanyahu faces
are tough there domestic pressure if he
fails to get the hostages freed or back
at home on the other hand a Rafa
Invasion will mean International
isolation if Netanyahu cuts a deal with
Hamas to get let the hostages out in
return for a ceasefire his fire right
allies could
Revolt for all the latest news download
the we on app And subscribe to our
YouTube channel