another crisis seems to be brewing for
Israeli Prime Minister Benyamin
Netanyahu and this time it's with his
defense minister UF Gallant the two were
to host a joint conference on Saturday
but Gallant was on no show I suggested
to the defense minister tonight to hold
a joint press conference and he decided
what he decided the two aren't strangers
to disputes Netanyahu had fired Gallant
in March for objecting to his
controversial judicial reform proposal
gallen's dismissal was reversed weeks
later and the proposed legislation
passed but being challenged in the
Supreme
Court unfortunately there is a tension
between Netanyahu and gallant and this
is not new several months ago Netanyahu
decided to dismiss Gallant from his
position as defense minister but frankly
this is what distinguishes Netanyahu
Netanyahu cannot see anyone any Minister
taking independent steps that might be
considered a to Netanyahu the rift
between Netanyahu and Gallant has
deepened because of the ongoing War and
the prime minister is facing mounting
pressure domestically for the security
and intelligence lapses that happened on
October 7th and internationally to
accept the ceasefire the latest polls
show his popularity has plummeted to an
alltime low and it's believed the
veteran politician has sought to prevent
other members of his security cabinet
including G from receiving credit for
securing the release of Israelis under
the hostage deal Israeli media have
reported that there is disagreement
between Netanyahu and Senior Army
officials regarding assessments plans
and decisions about the conflict in Gaza
Netanyahu is talking I think that from
his stomach from his emotion not from
his head Netanyahu is talking also in
order to continue the word to make it as
long as it can be because he needs time
that's the most important thing and
therefore he is also making some kind of
political game during the war some
accuse Netanyahu of wanting the
spotlight to himself and preserving his
legacy Galant is a pure defense minister
he's talking about defense he's talking
about the needs of Israel and just about
the interest of Israel not about the
interest of n
while Netanyahu and Gallant both claim
they are united in their goal in the
fight against Hamas they seem to differ
on how to get there Muhammad elim trt
World
[Music]
Jerusalem