with less than two months to go before
israel's general election iran remains a
key campaign issue for the ruling
coalition and also for the opposition we
ons middle east correspondent jody cohen
sent us this report
despite intensive meetings and
negotiations over the past few weeks the
iranian nuclear deal appears to be on
hold until mid-november
with the un's nuclear watchdog saying it
cannot assure the nature of tehran's
nuclear programme
however the deal although stalled is
still very much in the pipeline
it's clear the iranian deal is not going
to be signed
in the next week or two but i don't
think it's dead
unfortunately
the political momentum behind it is is
strong
and i think once we get towards the end
of the year and the elections in israel
and the elections the united states are
behind us it's possible
that this deal will start moving ahead
again
israel is making the most of the stalled
negotiations to continue pressing for
the longer stronger deal that it favors
as part of the campaign defence minister
gantz met the uae's foreign minister and
prime minister lapid has a series of
meetings at the unga with iran at the
top of the agenda
israel would also be pursuing this
agenda on the sidelines of the session
earlier ignoring israel's objections to
iran's participation at the unga the u.s
granted president raisi a visa to travel
to new york for the general assembly
session
with elections in israel in november
lepid's supporters will point to his
apparent success in stopping the nuclear
deal from having been signed however his
detractors will point to the fact that
negotiations may still resume in
november after the us midterms and after
the israeli elections what is certain
however is that iran will play a key
role in israel's election campaigns this
is jody cohen for we on world is one
[Music]