these are searches that have been taking
place incessantly and furiously since
October 7th Palestinians search for any
signs of Life under the rubble of
Israeli air strikes this strike was on
the bucket of family in der bah in
central Gaza as the red crescent
searches with the little equipment it
has family members console each other
but surviving air strikes has become
more difficult by the
day not just because Gins are
concentrated into smaller areas but
because there is almost no available
Medical
Care in the hospitals that are partly
functional doctors are missing and even
the most basic of supplies are no more
another basic Supply that has run out is
food in gaza's North even animal feed
has dried
up here we are appealing to all Arab
foreign Western and Global Nations to
provide us with wheat so our children
can have food
our children are crying dying of hunger
we the adults endure we eat grass and
clover the United Nations says the
famine it predicted in December has now
taken shape here we are at the end of
February with at least
576,000 people in Gaza one quarter of
the
population one step away from famine
with one in six children under two years
of age in Northern Gaza suffering from
acute malnutrition and
wasting and practically the entire
population of Gaza are left to rely on
woefully inadequate humanitarian food
assistance to survive the announcement
comes just two weeks before Muslims
around the world celebrate the holy
month of Ramadan but hopes aren't high
of having anything to celebrate in
Palestine this month is a holy month
that differs from other times also we
have been at War for more than 3 months
however I'm not optimistic with US
President Biden said about the ceasefire
by
Monday the US president seemed hopeful a
ceasefire would be in place by Monday
but as the hours pass by the bombs
continue to drop on Palestine and
stomachs continue to rumble pran noani
trt world