a small protest with big demands to see
less guns on the
streets since hamas's attack on October
7 more Israeli civilians are now armed a
drive pushed by the national security
minister and backed by the Prime
Minister himself I don't feel saf I I
feel less safe because there are weapons
everywhere and I don't trust people who
don't don't use really weapon and just
going out to feel I don't know maybe
Brave Maybe
but I don't
know security minister benav is granting
gun licenses via phone interviews so
it's no surprise that when someone with
his hands up is shot the answer is
that's life this is a culture of death
and it's an existential threat to us all
war is not a time for
lawlessness that's life was prime
minister Benjamin netanyahu's response
to the killing of yal Castleman an armed
Israeli civilian who tried to stop
Palestinian attackers who opened fire on
people at a bus stop he was shot dead by
an army reservist despite putting his
gun
down the presence of many armed
civilians saved the situation and
prevented a major disaster it happened
dozens of times before so we should
continue this policy I definitely
support it we may pay a price for it
that's
life the Israeli government allowed the
fast tracking of gun permits earlier
this year but it's since changed the
rules again more than a quarter of a
million Israelis have applied for gun
licenses in just two
months before the war on Gaza 100
approvals were given a
day now it's
3,000 and the person behind all of this
is Israel's national security minister
itamar Ben seen handing out tens of
thousands of weapons to civilians
angered the US that threatened to stop
sending Israel small
firearms and the head of the gun
licensing Authority resigned in protest
over what he described as the minister
handing out guns like sweets many
Israelis believe they'd been abandoned
by their government and Military left to
fend for themselves on October 7
believing that had more civilians been
armed perhaps more lives may have been
saved and so shooting ranges are fully
booked a trend that doesn't look like
it'll be ending anytime soon s Al jaaz
Tel
Aviv make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
aler