they are images which tell their own
story the coastal Road in Gaza City an
area destroyed weeks ago in Israel's
offensive the crowds were here for food
flour from an A Truck the gunfire say
locals was the Israeli military we can't
be sure gazan officials have been using
live rounds to disperse crowds either
way it's panic and
Chaos we call on the entire world to see
gaza's people he says I call on the
Muslim world the Arab world the UN to
bring food to the
people in the United Nations a body
which has shown its limitations so much
with this war another vote for a
ceasefire those against and another
American veto but this time an apparent
shift in America's position while we
cannot support a resolution that would
put sensitive negotiations in jeopardy
we look forward to engaging on a text
that we believe will address so many of
the concerns we all share so that we can
have a temporary
ceasefire the use of the word ceasefire
by an American as part of a resolution
they plan to table soon a shift well at
the state department it was all about
semantics from a policy perspective we
want to achieve a a temporary stop in
fighting you can call that a ceasefire
you can call that a pause ultimately we
want to see the fighting stop so civili
so uh hostages can get out hostages can
be released and humanitarian assistants
can get in and so if there is a shift in
America's position it is subtle to say
the least the debate the UN Security
Council is having is the same one
they've been having for months the
Nuance between a pause and a ceasefire
and on Israel's proposed invasion of
Rafa the Americans are not saying don't
do it they're just saying don't do it
without a plan for civilian
there's a difference
there whether Israel does have a plan
for civilians and whether it's viable is
not yet clear but prime minister
netanyahu's messaging is typically
straight we are committed to continuing
the war until we achieve all of its
goals which means the elimination of
Hamas the release of all the hostages
and the promise that Gaza will no longer
pose a threat to Israel there is no
pressure no pressure that can
change 100,000 gazans are now either
dead injured or missing those are United
Nations numbers a un unable to find
agreement or Peace Mark Stone Sky News
in Washington