Israeli Prime Minister Benin Nano has
called on his government to back a deal
that will see the release of some of the
hostages taken by Hamas militants last
month but he also made clear that the
war against Hamas will continue even
after a hostage deal e has
more Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu on Tuesday called on his
government to back a hostage deal that
will see the release of some hostages
taken by Hamas during the October 7th
attack on Israel Netanyahu also told his
government that it was a difficult
decision but the right decision and
would allow Israel to go on fighting
Hamas the Israeli Prime Minister also
stressed the war would continue until
Israel achieved its goals emphasizing
that a hostage deal would not mean the
end of the conflict Israel however
continued its air strikes on the Gaza
Strip while negotiating with Hamas
through us and Qatari intermediaries to
release hostages
the Hamas Affiliated shihab news agency
reported Tuesday that Israeli forces
attacked a residential apartment in con
Yunis in southern Gaza killing 10 people
and injuring
22 meanwhile CBS news says the hostage
deal will allow for an initial group of
50 hostages held by Hamas to be released
in phases during ceasefire Windows the
proposed deal also includes a limited
daily 6-hour pause and fighting for 4
days if agreed upon the deal will also
see the release of pal Palestinian women
and children held in Israeli detention
centers at a ratio of three release for
every hostage held by Hamas US President
Joe Biden said Tuesday that a hostage
deal is now very
close my team is down the region
shuttering shuttling uh between
Capal we uh we're now very close very
close uh we could bring some of these
hostages home very soon sources say if
the first phe of the hostage release
goes as planned roughly 20 more hostages
will be released by Hamas and the pause
and fighting will be
extended news