up and they
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
us
what we just saw was an act of of USC a
acting aggressively and failing to
defend and in fact being the aggressor
against its students against it student
body who were protesting completely
peacefully um and
acting incredibly violently towards
towards an occupier towards one of the
members of our movement
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
we want the university to disclose its
Financial Holdings and divest from its
relationships with financial
institutions and we want the university
to recognize and acknowledge to its
student body that there is a genocide
happening to our amilies inza it has
taken the lives of 34,000 people it is
continuing to this day and starving 1
million more people and our message is
we want to draw attention to that
n
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I
well I can tell you right now majority
of these people don't really have
solidary with the people like palestin
majority of these people here are there
to spread hate aggression violence
against the Jewish people and I'm here
to tell them that us ju we will not back
down we will not be afraid and we will
not be silent
[Music]
[Music]
in our own
country it's uh a Hallmark of our
democracy that our citizens make known
their views their
concerns their uh their anger in any
given time um and I think that reflects
the uh the strength of the country the
strength of democracy it is also notable
that there is
silence about Hamas uh it's as if it
wasn't even part of the uh the story but
as I've also said
repeatedly um the the way Israel goes
about ensuring that October 7th never
happens again matters profoundly and
we're working every day uh to try to
minimize the damage that's done to
innocent people and to make sure that
they have the assistance and support
that they need
TR
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
to for
[Music]
[Music]