starting with A continuous coverage of
the Israel Hamas war in the latest
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has once again said that it's
just War to eliminate Hamas will
continue until all the goals are
achieved the ARF says there are signs
that hamas's system is falling apart as
they are killing militants every day and
there is a need to press even harder
take a
listen
the IDF says it deepened the fighting in
the K yunas area on Saturday Israel has
ordered more evacuations in the city as
of now while the IDF also claims to have
eliminated many militants in parts of of
Northern Gaza where the forces
reportedly located underground shafts
and
weapons the Israeli Army has released a
video showing street fighting in
Northern gaza's jabalia it said that the
Israeli troops launched a targeted
strike on structures where Hamas
militants took positions and that many
militants were killed in the
fighting
[Music]
in another video that has been released
by the IDF it alleged that Hamas
militants they were beating civilians
and stole the humanitarian Aid they
received from International
organizations that was facilitated by
Israel on the other hand Hamas has
released footage showing fighting with
Israeli Army in
Gaza the video appears to show militants
using rocket propelled grenades to
attack armored
vehicles
the IDF says five of its soldiers died
fighting Hamas in the last 24 hours ex
IDF Chief gadii Isen Court's nephew has
also been killed in Gaza fighting and
this day after after his son was
killed meanwhile thef has also announced
the death of a hostage at the hands of
[Music]
H
thousands of demonstrators rallied in t
aiv on Saturday calling for Gaza
hostages to be freed and these included
the relatives of hostages who are still
in captivity and those who have been
[Music]
released
in risks of a war spillover Yemen's HTI
say that they will Target ships in Red
Sea on Route
Israel unless the Gaza Strip receives
the food and Medicine it
needs
oh