and about 100 of foreign Nationals have
been killed missing or taken hostage
during the surprise attack on Israel by
Hamas over the weekend several countries
including India France Thailand and the
United States of America are scrambling
to get their people who have to be
evacuated from Israel some are trying to
find citizens who may have been killed
or taken hostage that is when militants
from Gaza surged across the Israeli
border on Saturday here is what we know
so far many from from the ones who are
abducted are believed to be foreign
Nationals several countries including
the US Thailand France the United
Kingdom and Nepal to name a few have
confirmed deaths and number of Nationals
missing this comes as various countries
have sent charted flights to evacuate
their citizens meanwhile India's first
charted flight under operation AJ
carrying 212 Indians from wone Israel
landed in at the New Delhi airport this
morning while flight carrying 377 French
Nationals evacuated from Israel also
landed in Paris on Thursday some
narrated stories of horror as well take
a
listen
French foreign affairs minister said
that more flights would follow she added
that she would travel to the region on
Sunday in a show of solidarity with
Israel the first government started the
Lanza plane from Tel Aviv touchdown in
Frankfurt the 371 person capacity flight
was one of the two Lanza planes
organized for German citizens leaving
Israel and the relieved passengers were
greeted with Hogs and Tears by family
and
friends
[Music]
or
here meanwhile more than Nepali
Nationals who evacuated who were
evacuated from Israel returned home
today the government was also working to
bring back the bodies of 10 Nepali
students killed in the unprecedented
attack by Hamas militants Nepal's
foreign minister Naran Prasad accompany
the 254 citizens on a plane chartered by
the
[Music]
government