America's planned to build a floating
Port off the coast of Gaza is being seen
as a bold move but there are serious
concerns about the relief it will bring
the move is considered too little too
late for Palestinians who are already
facing starvation us officials have
presented the plan and are now waiting
to hear from the Israelis apparently the
Israelis will have a say on how
effective the delivering of Aid will be
especially in the north where the threat
of famine is most
imminent Israeli inspector will be in
the ciate port of laka scrutinizing
humanitarian caros Bound for southern
Gaza and the inspections will give
Israel a tool to control the flow of Aid
in the name of security wetting however
this time because Israeli forces will be
watched it will be more difficult for
them to accomplish when dealing with the
American military logistics rather than
Aid Personnel but even then there are
plenty of other ways for the Israeli
government to create hindrance that
includes prime minister n Yo's ministers
who oppose any help ining Gaza our
civilization is it St now hypothetically
even if the port is established the
question is then what who's going to
distribute that Aid because Aid
organizations presence in Northern Gaza
is almost zero and even though Israel
has denied restricting supplies they
sure have wanted everyone out well a
former senior and official a senior Aid
official Jeremy conic explains to get
assistance around the strip would not
just require trucks and drivers but also
some sort of security as desperation has
taken over and looting is rif the war
has resulted in widespread
destruction of Civilian infrastructure
including homes medical facilities roads
as well as water hygiene and sanitation
facilities un officials have sounded the
alarm about a looming famine and gazans
are facing a catastrophe none of the
hospitals in Gaza are fully functional
and only a few remain partially
functional
the conflict is pushing the Health Care
system to the brink of
[Music]
collapse