satire well at least effective satire by
its very nature is uh simple it's
straightforward it it can only work if
it's forward I
think hey man uh this is actually my
place well me and my family have lived
here for
Generations who told you that this
ancient Book of madeup Stories would you
be happy enough just to piss off or die
no all right calm down God you're so
confrontational so I think what we hear
about Israel Palestine certainly in
Ireland certainly in the west generally
is that it's very complicated and I
think that's a means for the propaganda
in my opinion to get you and I to out of
the conversation not something that
would that you would understand
intuitively um so it pushes you out I
think satire does the exact opposite it
it brings people if you can back the
situation to something very relatable I
think Ireland gets colonialism in a way
that the European superpowers Germany
Britain France they don't get it because
they've always been the oppressor
they've always been the colonizer and we
the colonized and I think the Irish
understanding of the Palestinian
situation it actually transcends race
and religion it's just literally empathy
and understanding with what it's like
your land from you uh for settlers to
come in because that they're e Superior
to you to have your way of life and your
culture obliterated and I think most
importantly to be dehumanized Irish
people were and not these days but
certainly were dehumanized by our
Colonial oppress namely Britain for
Generations we had a thing called punch
magazine in in Britain which used to
depict Irish people as apik and it kind
of doed those kind of racist fires in
order toize British colonial oppression
and atrocities and the exact same thing
is happening today everything coming out
of Israel at the moment seeks to
dehumanize Palestinian calling them
Human animals uh that they are of the
Jungle they're dark this is the exact
same Colonial Playbook so I think Irish
people in our bones we feel that
kinship