a suspended University of Ottawa doctor
has been has been reinstated to the
institution now this two months after he
posted Pro Palestinian social media
posts online Dr y ping G says he has
mixed feelings and isn't looking to
return ctv's Natalie vanroy
reports I'm I'm looking to transfer um
universities um based off of some of my
recent conversations that been extremely
disappointing uh or just exit training
altogether um and and find uh working
opportunities that way it's been a
difficult few months for Dr Yen G in
November the fourthe resident in public
health and preventative medicine was
suspended at the time it wasn't clear
why but many say it was for supporting
the Palestinian cause and being critical
of Israel online in a blog post a
faculty of medicine member calling G
social media post anti-semitic they
reported uh U that faculty member to the
um faculty of medicine 2 days before for
my
suspension CTV News reached out to the
faculty member for comment but did not
hear back before airtime at the time of
the suspension the university confirmed
they received complaints regarding a
medical resident's alleged breach of the
faculty of medicine and College of
Physicians and surgeon of Ontario's
Professional Standards but did not
directly name g in January the
University of Ottawa School of
epidemiology and public health posting
to social media we are thrilled to
welcome back our outstanding learner and
colleague Dr eang G feels really
disingenuous of the institution to um do
what it's done to me um and expect me to
kind of move forward and continue
supporting the institution G says he was
at the University for nearly eight years
he visited the West Bank while taking
courses at Harvard University I was able
to uh attend a trip with other graduate
students um at Harvard um in March of
last year uh to learn about um firsthand
from people on the ground Palestinians
CTV News reached out to the University
of Ottawa for comment but did not hear
back before airtime Natalie vanroy CTV
News Ottawa