and amid this war and all of this
uncertainty back in the us tonight
security is now being stepped up tonight
ABC News confirming that every major
city police department in the country is
now on heightened alert amid concerns of
threats against synagogues and houses of
worship and some schools here's our
senior investigative reporter Aaron
kerki on the concerns and what
authorities are now doing tonight
tonight police across the country are on
high alert after online calls for a
global day of action tomorrow no justice
no peace there have been peace ful
demonstrations Nationwide since that
horrific Hamas attack and federal
officials say they know of no specific
plans for violence in the United States
but attorney general Merrick Garland
telling President Biden today they're
watching for any sign of a terror threat
here at home in New York the NYPD is
calling in extra personnel and telling
officers to be prepared to work 12-hour
shifts we're trying to make sure that
violence doesn't manifest on the streets
of New York City Police and other major
cities have been talking to synagogues
religious schools and other potential
targets and closely monitoring
demonstrations to make sure things
remain peaceful Israel is warning
tonight of possible attacks on is raes
and Jews abroad an Israeli student here
at Columbia University was hit with a
stick now campus is closed to Outsiders
as an added measure of security David
all right Aaron kki with us tonight as
well Aaron thank you hi everyone George
Stephanopoulos here thanks for checking
out the ABC News YouTube channel if
you'd like to get more videos show
highlights and watch live event coverage
click on the right over here to
subscribe to our Channel and don't
forget to download the ABC News app for
breaking news alerts thanks for
watching