Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is rolling
out the red carpet today for his
Hungarian counterpart Viktor Orban Orban
has been criticized in the past for his
alliances with parties deemed
anti-semitic but recently the right-wing
populist leader has been projecting a
more Jewish friendly image well a
correspondent Beatrix asked both is my
first in Budapest with the latest on
this I mean Beatrix they are the two
leaders they seem like unlikely allies
what is Viktor Orban hoping to achieve
in Israel and what do you think this can
mean for the rest of Europe
what we officially know about his
program is that his flying to Israel
this afternoon before his ministers and
tomorrow morning he will meet Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in Jerusalem
and we'll have closed-door meeting and
then he will visit some memory centers
so that's all we know officially
according to Israeli press prime
minister urban will not meet any
Palestinian leaders and will not step on
Palestinian territory by which he breaks
the protocol mr. Orban was invited to
Israel by Benjamin Netanyahu this April
right after he won the hungarian
parliamentary elections Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu visited Budapest last
July
details after no relationship basically
because no other Israeli Prime
Minister's visited Budapest for decades
about the two countries relationship
it's a very interesting that memory
seems to be a close ally of Israel
within the European Union just as anger
is closer ally of Russia and Turkey all
three countries are often criticised by
European leaders they agree Benjamin
Netanyahu and premise Orban agree on
migration and they ante
George Soros policy it's a very
interesting relationship we'll see what
they were talk about tomorrow