Israeli forces are bombing areas around
two hospitals in kanun NES Health
officials in the region claim that the
strikes killed 50 Palestinians in the
past 24 hours alone now this comes as
the Israeli armored forces have
encircled the city a majority of the
Gaza strips 2.3 million population is
now squeezing into huness medics in the
B strips say that the Israeli tanks have
cut off the supply of the cities to Main
and still function in hospitals Israeli
forces claim the militant group Hamas
has been using these hospitals as their
basis earlier the United Nations said
that Israeli tanks struck a large un
compound in Gaza that was Sheltering
displaced Palestinians un officials say
the attack killed at least nine people
Israel has denied the attack on the
refugee camp instead it suggested that
Hamas could be behind the shelling the
United States also a repeated call for
the need to protect civilians
humanitarian workers as well as Aid
facilities incredibly concerning Leon um
we deplore today's attack on uh the un's
conun training center um you've heard me
say it before you've heard the secretary
say it before but uh civilians must be
protected and the protected nature of un
facilities must be respected and
humanitarian workers uh must be
protected so that they can continue
provide in civilians with the
life-saving uh humanitarian assistance
um that they
need health officials in Gaza say that
at least 25,700 people have been killed
in the city meanwhile dozens of gin
unloaded aid from trucks on the beach
near rafas Camp of four displaced people
the Rafa hoarder has seen a limited
amount of Aid deliveries earlier Egypts
president Abdul fat Ali said although
the Rafa Crossing is open 24/7 the
Israeli side is delaying the movement of
the a near the Karam Shalom crossing a
group of Israelis gathered to protest
against humanitarian Aid trucks Bound
for Gaza as the trucks passed protesters
they chanted and waved Israeli Flags to
prevent their
[Music]
Crossing
[Music]
for