the civilian population from the center
of the battle in warning citizens in
monitoring humanitarian situation but
Israel will defend its people and do
whatever it takes with an iron fist to
change the
reality I want to thank President Joe
Biden
wholeheartedly and the American
Administration and the American Congress
for their unanimity in protecting and
supporting the state of Israel and the
people of of
Israel America is a great friend
President Biden is a great friend
standing by with us in our own of
need over the last two day over the last
few days I've spoken with numerous world
leaders who've
expressed their
dismay their disgust their
outrage at the tragic attack and its
consequences I believe it's now time
also to hear religious leaders all over
the
world Express and condemn this horrific
attack and I also believe that the Press
around the world needs to look at the
reality they must declare and call Kamas
a terrorist organization without ifs and
Bs without
explanation if families in Toronto were
massacred in the same way I'm sure the
Press would call it m Massacre by
terrorists by terrorist organizations
these are not Freedom Fighters these are
terrorists the worst enemies of humanity
that one can
imagine I call upon the International
Community unequivocally make clear and
Loud condemnation of Hamas just as you
condemned Isis they are one and the
same make clear that Kamas carries full
responsibility and accountability
for the well-being of the
hostages and demand their immediate
release with no conditions at all
support Israel in words and in Deeds
designate Kamas in its entirety as a
terrorist
body finally I want to say that the
people of Israel have always shown their
capability of getting up from The
Darkest Hour and Rising as lions and
fighting back and showing incredible
Spirit of unity and friendship and
solidarity I see it all over the nation
I see it in the huge amount of
volunteering in the huge amount of
mobilization to the Army in the huge
amount of doing good to each other of
helping each other in so many
consequences and so many spheres of life
I encourage my people will I bless the
people of Israel we shall definitely
overcome we shall definitely be
victorious we've always done so it will
take time but we shall overcome and we
shall be
victorious