we are displaced south from the valley
which supposed to be safe area but every
night every day there is air strikes
they are targeting everybody nobody is
safe there is a lot different type of
injuries we saw PS from different kinds
of sources we saw raw areas we saw
fractures also there is a lot of kids
with amputations we have only the
primary medical supplies with
paracetamol ipren and treatings and
unfortunately we don't have access to
our Clinic the Israeli Army cut the road
we treated 6-year-old female child she
was badly injured with external fixator
and there is a big grow area she was
crying shouting she was begging for
painkillers for Sedation because she's
tired from Pain and she's tired from
inability to move her arm in most of
shelters you will find fleas you will
find all kind of skin diseases all kind
of gastrointestinal symptoms and in one
shelter near where I am located there is
Hepatitis A spread between people it's
really hard to treat them because we
don't have access to the needed drugs we
don't have access to anything at all
water and food they are not clean and
people are now eating anything they
could find because it's really
starvation here I don't believe that
anything I say will change the picture
my only message is that Palestinians
have the right to be treated as human
beings have the right to live every day
every night I fear for my kids life for
my life and I'm sorry to say that but
after 60 days for I'm losing hope and I
am saying that the ones who passed away
in the few days were very lucky they
didn't witness a TW month of terrifying
days and nights I'm seeing my people
suffer and I cannot do anything this
world is not
fair