a holy month turning deadly in Gaza in
the Rafa more Palestinians become
victims of Israel's assault in car Yunis
smoke rises in the skies following an
air
strike as Israel's military campaign
shows no signs of stopping another
Residential Building is struck by
soldiers Tel Aviv claims Hamas members
were hiding inside of
it away from the fighting these
Palestinian children wonder what they'll
be eating for IFA if anything at
all you won't be able to cook food forar
it's easier for those who live in homes
but in tense we can't do anything there
is no food drinks or even D to bake so
we go to the
bakeries we don't know what we are going
to eat to break the fast there is
nothing I swear I can't afford whatever
is available in the market I wish that
the airplane strike me and I die it
would better than this life evidence of
Israel's deadly blockade of The Enclave
continues to grow with every passing day
two more babies die due to malnutrition
in Northern Gaza doctors say more
children face similar Fates without
medical
supplies some help does come from the
skies as humanitarian Aid is parachuted
into Gaza by the US Egypt Jordan France
and Belgium but it remains a small
fraction of what is actually
needed with the strip being pushed
towards starvation the UN has urged for
the fighting to stop my strongest appeal
today is to honor the spirit of Ramadan
by silencing the
guns and removing all obstacles to
ensure the delivery of life-saving Aid
at the speed and massive scale
required mediators have been pushing for
a ceas fire in the lead up to Ramadan
Israel blamed Hamas for the breakdown in
talks but the group says it's still open
to
negotiations I say clearly that the one
who Bears responsibility for not
reaching an agreement is the Israeli and
the government of the Zionist enemy
because he doesn't want to stick to the
basic principles of the agreement
however I say that we are open to
continue
negotiations Ramadan is considered is a
time of peace and Reflection by Muslims
across the world but in Gaza this holy
month won't be peaceful as Israeli bombs
continue to light up the Gaz and Skyline
Daniel padwick trt
world