Iran called its response necessary and
proportionate and said the matter can be
deemed concluded all eyes are now on
what Israel will do next its staunchest
International allies have been
reiterating their strong support while
trying to temper its
response Iran is isolated Israel has won
in a defensive manner this defensive
Victory must now be secured
diplomatically our priority must be to
prevent a configration in the
region Iran suffered this defeat because
the attack was a failure the world can
see what a malign influence they are and
I think that the right thing to do is
not to escalate um but as President
Biden has put it to sort of take the win
as it were at a time when Israel finds
itself increasingly isolated over its
war in Gaza the Us and other allies came
to its defense on Saturday but after the
Iranian strike failed to cause
widespread damage Israel's allies made
it clear they do not support a wider war
with
Iran we condemned it we intervened and
today we are going to do everything we
can to prevent the situation from
flaring up or escalating and so we are
going to try to convince Israel that we
should not respond by escalating but
rather by isolating Iran by convincing
the countries in the region that Iran is
a danger at the 11th Hour Arab neighbors
also helped Israel defend against the
bombardment from Iran but also from Iraq
Iraq Syria Yemen and Lebanon where
Iranian backed armed groups are present
Jordan intercepted drones and missiles
that went through its airspace while the
Wall Street Journal reported that Saudi
Arabia and the UAE shared intelligence
with the Jewish State on Monday the
calls for restraint came from Iran's
allies Russia and China too with both
also calling for a political and
diplomatic solution