Fierce fighting continued for third day
with Hamas militants promising every
Israeli escalation would be met by an
escalation of its own there are only two
ways that you can deal with them you can
either conquer them and that's always an
open possibility or you can deter them
uh and we are engaged right now in
forceful
deterrence Israel's military has ordered
a Complete Siege on Gaza cutting off
food fuels and supplies after Hamas
militants stormed through the Gaza
Israel border Saturday killing or
injuring thousands of Israeli civilians
in Gaza civilians have been told to grab
what they can and
flee we took ourselves our children our
grandchildren and ran away we became
refugees this man
said in Gaza air strikes are
intensifying with one today hitting a
refugee camp in the northern part of the
Gaza Strip the United Nations is calling
for deescalation warning the conflict
threatens global stability we're now
witnessing another war in the Middle
East the escalation of which will
inevitably cause more suffering to
civilians both Israelis and Palestinians
Israel's military says it has two
focuses now to secure its Southern
border and remove any Hamas militants
from Israel and second to rescue the
more than 150 Israelis taken hostage by
Hamas during Saturday's initial attack
among those Israel is now trying to
rescue at least two Canadians reported
missing a third Canadian Montreal's
Alexandre look was killed when gunman
opened fire at the music festival he was
attending Jennifer damy's 22-year-old
daughter was also at that Festival she
is still missing you can't
sleep all I can think about is where she
is if she's suffering if she's still
alive I just wonder back Hamas tonight
is threatening to execute Israeli
civilian hostages if Israeli air strikes
continue to quote hit Gins in their
homes without warning Annie berson
Oliver CTV News Ottawa