while conflict simmers across the West
Asia region we now tell you what's
happening on ground in Gaza where the
Israeli Onslaught shows no sign of
abating and Israeli leaders insist for
the war to continue until goals are
achieved we're absolutely committed to
achieving our war games that is
destroying our war goals destroying
Kamas releasing our hostages making sure
Gaza doesn't become a threat again and
also uh making sure that we can return
our citizens in the north and in the
South and for that we'll apply maximum
power with maximum Precision everywhere
that's
needed the Israeli military says it read
it raed a Hamas military compound along
the Central Coast of the Gaza Strip in
the last 24 for hours now it destroyed a
tunnel Network it said stretch for
hundreds of meters the military said
that one of the tunnels led to a
facility that was used by Hamas to
manufacture weapons guarded by blast
prooof doors and were booby trapped on
the other hand Hamas has released
footage showing members of its military
Wing fighting Israeli vehicles and
Soldiers on the outskirts of the Gaza
City in the
North
now as tensions escalate on the Israel
Lebanon border Israeli troops have
heightened their Readiness for war
across all border
areas meanwhile the latest shelling in
KH yunas killed at least 14 Palestinians
this includes nine children gazans
living in refugee camps say Israeli Jets
and tanks have bombarded three refugee
camps in central Gaza and this has
prompted many civilians to head
south
[Music]
Israeli raids are intensifying in West
Bank amid the Gaza War members of Israel
Security Forces took position during a
raid at the N Shams camp for Palestinian
refugees near the city of tul the
Israeli military says it Arrested 29
people during overnight operations in
the area and confiscated weapons and
ammunition