a humanitarian catastrophe is playing
out in Gaza there's shortage of food and
water the strip is out of fuel and
electricity and the healthcare system is
at the verge of a collapse amid all of
this a little hope emerged for a few
gazin early this morning media reports
started pouring in that the Gaza Egypt
Crossing will open for a limited time
this was only for Americans and dual
Nationals but hopes for that soon ended
this is the Crossing with Egypt and it's
called the Rafa Crossing it's the
southernmost post of exit from Gaza it
was said around 9:00 a.m. local time the
crossing was scheduled to open hours
passed by three oil tankers made their
way into the strip but not a single
Resident was allowed to
leave we spoke to one such residents for
security reasons we are keeping him
anonymous he's born in Gaza and his
father to four children one of his
daughters has an American citizenship at
the time we spoke to him he was stuck at
the border for 4
hours uh early this morning we received
a call from the uh American Embassy
asking us to uh move closer to uh Rafa
crossing under the premise that uh it
will be open for limited time to
evacuate uh
uh people uh holding the American
citizenship along with their immediate
family uh along with about more than 500
people we've
waited uh for about 4 hours uh with uh
no uh at no avail in vain uh apparently
the agreement if there is one was not
implemented and people just sit and uh
well sit and waiting uh with no hope the
situation is very dehumanized it's
unhuman
actually let me tell you why this
Crossing is important it is because
there are only two other
Crossings one irz a Crossing with Israel
in North Gaza and second km Shalom an
Only commercial Junction between Israel
and Gaza both of these have been shot
after Hamas forces launched an attack
this leaves the Rafa border as the only
point of entry and exit for civilians
into and from Gaza it is not clear at
the moment as to why the crossing did
not open Israel has not commented on the
move yet many say the closure could be
because Israel is being cautious it does
not want any Hamas militants from being
able to leave Gaza we'll keep you
updated if the crossing does really
open
weon is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the
move