meanwhile Israel's war cabinet minister
Benny Gans has declared that a new
hostage deal between Israel and Hamas
could be in the works he however added
that if the sides fail to reach at an
agreement Israel will invade the
southern Gaza City of Rafa over Ramadan
listen to
this here are ongoing attempts to
promote a new hostage deal and there are
promising early signs of possible
progress we will not stop looking for a
way and we will not miss any opportunity
to bring our girls and boys
home now this comes as the IDF after
completing its operational takeover of
Khan Unice confirmed that they found no
hostages they however found tunnels with
cages where hostages could have been
held now amid continuous Israel strikes
in the city residents of jabalia in the
northern Gaza Strip and Rafa in the
South took to the streets to protest
against Hamas leaders meanwhile Israel's
Army has released footage of what it
says is a strike on Hezbollah military
infrastructure in Lebanon furthermore
three were killed in an Israeli air
strike on Damascus residential building
now two Democratic US senators who were
in Lebanon for an official visit said
that the Israeli military and Hezbollah
have a window to deescalate tensions
along lebanon's Southern border before a
possible Israeli military offensive
against the Lebanese armed group now
this came after us Central Command or
centcom forces said that it had
conducted four self-defense strikes
against seven mobile houti anti-ship
cruise missiles and one mobile anti-ship
ballistic missile launcher that were
prepared to launch towards the Red Sea
from Yemen Additionally the forces shot
down a one-way attack unmanned aircraft
system in self-defense
for all the latest news download the
weon app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel