a
[Music]
moment of reflection and another act of
solidarity with the Jewish people US
Vice President Mike Pence visited the
Temple Mount the holiest place in
Judaism
in the background was an equally holy
site for Muslims where Alex a mosque the
third most important mosque in Islam
stands along with the golden topped Dome
of the rock
but this place was never on Pence's
agenda instead he reaffirmed his
country's loyalty to Israel when he met
with Israeli president Reuven Rivlin
president Trump's decision to recognize
Jerusalem as Israel's capital
we hope is the clearest sign yet of the
unwavering commitment of the United
States of America
to Israel his words clearly delighted
the president you are a dear a dear
friend to the Jewish people
but for many people in East Jerusalem
Pence's anything but a friend
Palestinians here a taking part in a
general strike to protest against the
USS decision to announce this city as
the capital of Israel
salahuddin Street is usually one of the
busiest shopping districts in East
Jerusalem but today it's quiet it's not
just shops and restaurants that have
closed government offices banks and even
public transport has shut down the only
facilities that remain open are
hospitals and clinics the message the
Palestinians want to send is that the
u.s. is no longer welcome in these parts
the people here remain determined the
cuts is Islamic City Arabic city
Palestinian city and will be the capital
of Palestinian state forever
Trump and his full mind you see what you
want Vince you say what you want even
within Yahoo you say what you want we
are here we're not moving from here in
the Gaza Strip the Hamas leader accused
the u.s. of pro-israel bias
the u.s. decision and the Israeli
decision and yesterday's speech by the
US vice president that they will
transfer the embassy is happening in the
context of liquidation of the
Palestinian issue and the violation of
its principles pants did not hear any of
these voices during his trip he met no
Palestinians during his two days in
Israel but had he looked up as he signed
a guestbook at the western wall he may
have noticed the colors of the
Palestinian flag and a small act of
defiance
Chimchar dree TRT world occupied East
Jerusalem
[Music]
you