cyber security experts say 2023 was the
worst year on record for cyber attacks
across the country C ctv's KL carali has
more on how it's likely to get even
worse next year hit after hit from
hospitals to libraries to liquor stores
2023 was the year of cyber attacks 2023
is is by far much worse than any other
year these days hackers are using a mult
multi-tiered business model where you
don't even have to be too techsavvy to
be able to hold a company Ransom you can
just go to darket affiliate yourself to
one of these say uh ransomware as a
service programs you will get your own
version of the ransomware and then
whenever you drop this ransomware and a
Target is paying to the group you will
get your own commission it would cost
companies hundreds of thousands of
dollars some even Millions to protect
themselves and update their software but
even even if they do technology is
having a tough time keeping up as long
you can just go and mass update all of
these computers in one shop because it
might break things so they have this
window of time to exploit you 2024
expected to be even worse with new
artificial intelligence software doing
the hacker work for them it's literally
AI that will go through systems and
websites looking for
vulnerabilities and then write code to
exploit those vulnerabilities the first
thing company need to do is get an audit
done find out where they are today where
they need to be and where they should be
as far as security wise experts say
companies then need to invest in those
points of weaknesses but with AI and
multi-layered hacking businesses there's
concern they won't be able to make those
changes quick enough kaml carali CTV
News Toronto