Israeli authorities have announced that
there would be a limited entry to the
ancient Church of the Holy Sepulcher for
the Holy Fire celebrations on Saturday
the announcement comes amidst fears of
safety being preached and overcrowding
concerns or correspondent Jodi Cohen
sent us this report
[Music]
every Slim such of the Holy Sepulcher
dates back to the 12th century and is
where Jesus is believed to have been
crucified buried and Resurrected
the holy fire ceremony is an Eastern
Orthodox Christian tradition they
believe that on the Saturday before
their Easter which Falls this weekend a
flame appears from Jesus's tomb
the Greek patriarch emerges from the
site with two lit candles whose flame is
passed on it even gets transferred to
communities in other countries through
special flights
however this year the Israeli police
have limited attendance to 1 800 persons
inside the church as they did last year
saying the number was recommended by the
church that video screens throughout the
old city will broadcast the ceremony and
that it wants to prevent another
crowding disaster after 45 people died
in 2021 at the holy Jewish site
the Greek Orthodox Church however
opposes the decision saying such a move
restricts the number of pilgrims who can
participate
Israel has also announced that
non-muslims will not be able to enter
the Temple mount alax the compounds
during the last 10 days of Ramadan the
limitations come amid soaring tensions
after riots Rockets the car ramming and
shootings have all taken place since
Easter and Passover coincided with
Ramadan Israeli police believe the
decisions will help to ease tensions
this is Jody Cohen for we on world as
one
[Music]