now on Sunday hudis claimed to have
seized an Israeli cargo ship in the
southern Red Sea however Tel Aviv has
denied the ownership of the vessel and
said that there were no Israelis among
its
crew
renewing the threat to Target All Ships
belonging to or dealing with t Aviv the
rebel groups spokesperson called on all
countries whose citizens work in the Red
Sea to stop any activity with Israeli
ships or ships rented by
Israelis and hours earlier Israeli
Defense Forces stated hoodies took
control of the cargo ship near Yemen in
the southern Red Sea adding that the
vessel was heading from Turkey to India
now the Israeli Defense Forces warned
that the hijacking was a very grave
incident with global consequences now as
per media reports the detained cargo
ship is registered to a British company
with partial ownership linked to an
Israeli entrepreneur Israeli Prime
Minister netanyahu's office the Wessel
said that the Wessel was operated by a
Japanese company which released it from
a British company the prime minister's
office claimed that the ship was seized
by the Iran backed huti Rebels at the
request of thean Iran has yet to respond
to the accusations Hamas meanwhile
thanked the yemeni
rebels
the Israeli military has deployed
additional ships in the Red Sea to deal
with threats from the hoodi rebels and
the hoodis have claimed repeated missile
and drone attack at Israel ever since
the start of the Israel Hamas War the
yemeni rebels are considered one of the
many possible new warfronts that could
erupt during this crisis the houi
militia has controlled much of Yemen's
North including the Strategic Red Sea
port city of Heda since Civil War
erupted in the late
2014