anger prevails over sadness a sign reads
Israel cannot silence the truth by
killing
journalists dozens of journalists have
gathered on the streets of Istanbul to
condemn Israeli attack on their
colleagues in Palestine it's been almost
4 weeks since Israel launched its
bombing campaign on Gaza so far it has
had devastating consequences for
journalists killing or inuring in
dozens news is more effective than the
bombs Israel is dropping and Israel
knows this very well that's why they are
directly targeting the journalists who
are trying to show the genocide to the
world Israel is committing war crimes
and as National and international
journalists in Turkey we have gathered
to call for an end to these crimes they
are bombing everywhere also they are
bombing media Outlets media buildings in
Gaza because International journalists
show what's going on in Gaza in
reality on Tuesday reporters Without
Borders filed a war crimes complaint
against Israel the organization says
attacks on reporters should be
investigated by the international
criminal court the complaint also
highlights the deliberate destruction of
over 15 media outlets in Gaza at least
34 journalists have been killed by
Israel during the first two weeks of the
conflict nearly half of them were on
duty this toll surpasses that war zones
like Ukraine Iraq Yemen or Afghanistan
considering the same time interval this
has been the deadliest period for
journalists in the 21st century the
danger for journalists continue to rise
but the resilience of those who use pen
and Camera speaks volumes and
journalists in Gaza say they will
continue to press on Illuminating the
the darkest corners of War hun trt World
[Music]
Istanbul