now Iran's foreign minister whose
government supports Hamas and other West
Asian militant groups Wars of opening a
new front against Israel would depend on
Israel's actions in Gaza now although
tan has been a long-term backer of Hamas
Iranian officials have been adant that
the country had no involvement in the
attack against Israel last
week regime bazia
Israel which has wowed to crush m is now
preparing for a possible ground
offensive while the country's political
and military leaders weigh the next move
they are nervously watching Hezbollah on
Israel's northern border and have sent
troop reinforcements to the area
Hezbollah with an arsenal of tens of
thousands of rockets and missiles
capable of hitting virtually anywhere in
Israel is viewed as a far more
formidable for than Hamas hence Israel
is anxious that opening a new front in
the country's North could change the
tide of the war with hezbollah's
military caliber far superior to that of
Hamas but the fighting could be equally
devastating for Hezbollah and Lebanon
and as the as the Israel Hamas War
continues to enrage Egypt's President on
Thursday said the gazans must stay
steadfast and remain on their land amid
calls for Cairo to allow safe passage
for civilians stuck in Gaza during a
military ceremony the president further
added that the delivery of Aid during
the ongoing Israel Hamas war will
continue and even Affirmed Gyro's firm
position in providing Palestinians
legitimate rights now the Rafa border
crossing between Egypt and Gaza as you
can see it on your map right now it's
the only passage which is not controlled
by Israel Israel has bombarded the Hamas
ruled Gaza Strip since last week in
retaliation to Hamas surprise attacks
that until now has killed 1300 people in
Israel with over 1500 deaths in Gaza now
Egypt has pushed for a diplomatic
solution and called for restraint from
both sides the president even asserted
that his country National Security was
his primary
[Music]
responsibility