The
Ward and Israeli air strike hit the area
around Al AA Hospital in Gaza City on
Saturday after the health facility was
born to evacuate the air strike struck
the family home some 200 M from the
hospital where Palestinian red crescent
Crews
operate a baraj of Israeli air strikes
on Gaza southern city of Kan Yunis near
a un School struck several residential
buildings on Saturday prompting a
frantic rescue effort as Medics rushed
dozens of wounded Palestinians to the
hospital ambulances and vehicles brought
injured people to Naser Hospital in Kan
yunus after a strike in the city
thousands of people moved to Kan yunas
after being evacuated from Northern Gaza
Strip according to reports 345 people
were killed in Gaza in the last 24 hours
and that seven hospitals are out of
service after being damaged in strikes
or running out of
fuel more than 4,200 people have been
displaced from villages in South Lebanon
by clashes on the border with Israel and
local officials have now said that they
are ill prepared for the much larger EX
that would ensue if the limited conflict
escalates to an allout
wall as hundreds of tanks and armed
soldiers gather near the Gaza border
waiting for a ND from the political
regime and the military to top brass to
begin a ground offensive the US and
Europe are quietly pushing Israel to
hold off the mission according to
reports the request came fearing that
the move would all but SC cutle efforts
to secure additional hostage releases
for the foreseeable
future Japan's self-defense Force
aircraft carrying Japanese and South
Korean evacuees from Israel arrived in
Tokyo a KC 767 landed at haneda airport
carrying a total of 83 people including
60 Japanese and 18 South
Koreans
in a destroyed home in a community
attacked by Hamas terrorists a soldier
sang the Israeli Anthem the soldier
sings Hamas will not ruin our
Spirits coming up next MAA pay off scam
explodes Parliament data security angle
under investigation
now mamata banery officially dumps ma
moitra TMC says let her defend
herself