people of Gaza that were providing water
and power and but are you saying that
there there should be an actual
ceasefire now I'm not saying I mean my
my personal view is that we we cannot
have a ceasefire but it's in some ways
um academic because what we say here is
not going to have any bearing on on the
course of this conflict but I think I
think that's where we've got it wrong
actually I think that the only way this
conflict is going to the only way we're
going to get a ceasefire is from
International pressure there's no way
that Israel is going to do it on its own
and by the way none of this started on
the 7th of October which was Despicable
it was horrifying it was a spectacle of
violence that was designed to shock but
it didn't happen then we have decade
upon decade of green lights given to
Israel which has serly violated
international law not just in terms of
um the occupation which is violent every
day not just in terms of the legal
settlements which are expanding in the
occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem
but every single War has been an
wholesale indiscriminate attack on
civilian life whether that's Lebanon in
82 whether that's the crushing of the
two inter faders whether it's the
repeated Wars on Gaza in which thousands
of people have died whether it's the
illegal blockade on Gaza whether it's
the illegal separation war in the West
Bank every bit of this has happened
because of green lights endless green
lights given to Israel by the
International Community which has been
to the detriment of Palestinian life but
ultimately hasn't been um kept Israel
safe either so you don't believe that
Israel has a right of self-defense don't
believe that it ought to Stamp Out Hamas
which is a terrorist organization
prescribed as such by UK US Government
this awful attack on the 7th of October
I'm saying that a a people's right to
self-defense cannot come at the expense
of another people and their right to
life and their right to the most basic
Freedom that every human on this Earth
yearns for