Hannah de l'arm√©e is in Ramallah in the
occupied West Bank Muhannad there are
reports of yet more violence in the
occupied West Bank what can you tell us
that's correct about half an hour ago a
blast in and have run over israeli
soldier in the road connecting Ramallah
to Nablus here next to me the Israeli
soldier would wanted they said days and
a moderate want the Palestinian have run
him over an escape from the scene and
now yesterday night to Palestinian have
been killed by settlers in Hebron after
they've been walking next to a
settlement in Hebron city also in
another incident in Hebron Alice Tinian
have run over as Israeli settler a
killing him on the spot while the
suburban trying to attack us tonight
cars earlier this morning capless Tinian
girl 8 14 years old teenager have been
shot by Israeli settler in the city of
Nablus they accusing her of trying to
stab discipline so far we have no
reports about her condition as does
Raley soldiers have taken away the UN
Secretary General Ban ki-moon has
already met Benjamin Netanyahu and is
due to meet President Abbas today what
can we expect from this meeting well
thank you man have arrived to Ramallah
his start his meeting with SS Tinian
prime minister and now and then one hour
he will be meeting the blasting the
president now what nabila voor de nada
palestinian president the spokesperson
said he said we will ask banky moon the
president will ask Ban ki-moon the
secretary-general of sending
international troops or an international
observation to observe the situation had
to protect the Palestinian people from
the Israeli aggression and from the
settlers aggression now we said the
double president also will demand that
some us to have the international forces
inside a lot Simoes to observe the
situation over there so this is the main
demands of
Palestinians were to mention that this
is the first international move since
the beginning of October it's the first
international diplomatic move to happen
in derision so far