this a beautiful who was everything in
my life she was the eldest Dr isin abues
goes through photos like any proud
parent and Uncle my daughters who were
killed but in this case the photos are
of his three daughters who died 14 years
ago during the Gaza war in 2009 an
Israeli tank shelled his home killing
his daughters and his niece 10 days ago
his sister's house was bombed 21 members
of his family were killed this is is my
niece the architect
engineer how she became for 12 hours
under theel as a doctor he says he has a
duty of care and would not abandon
patients at hospitals in Gaza if he were
told to leave he predicts the response
to the Hamas attacks on Israel will only
lead to prolonged Misery all of this
will lead only to more Bloodshed more
animosity more hatred Abes worries about
what will be be left behind in Gaza
people without homes and limbs orphans
disease and a lack of Hope even in his
own family how to convince him that we
have to move forward how to convince him
to believe in the humanity despite the
pain abues has experienced with the
death of three daughters and seeing the
war reignite he believes there is a path
to peace he says War like disease can be
prevented but the root cause needs to be
addressed abues says people need to feel
safe equal and free of occupation for so
we need to equalize between them and
that's the guarantee for a stable
sustainable healthy peaceful life for
Palestinians and Israelis in his book I
shall not hate abolish speaks about the
dangers of Revenge abolish set up a
Canadian foundation in memory of his
daughters and niece called daughters for
life with goals of building schools for
women in the Middle East carolly and
Curry de Castillo news and we don't want
to