Israel and Hamas appear to be moving
closer to a to a ceasefire that could
pause a war that has gone on for over
140 days President Joe Biden says an
agreement could be in place as soon as
Monday negotiators say there are no
formal deadlines but there is a desire
to have an agreement in place ahead of
Ramadan the Muslim holy month that's set
to begin around March
10th while the sides are still hammering
out the final details the basic Contours
of the the deal have begun to emerge we
are talking about a 6 week pause in
fighting during that time Hamas would
free roughly 40 of the 100 more than 100
hostages it's holding in Gaza these
would be women the elderly and uh sick
hostages in exchange Israel would
release 300 Palestinian prisoners it
would also facilitate the entry of
larger quantities of international Aid
to Gaza also Palestinians displaced
Palestinians would be able to begin to
return to their homes in Northern
Gaza now there are still many sticking
points Israel wants guarantees that all
female soldiers in Hamas captivity will
be part of this first uh phase it's not
clear who exactly on the Palestinian
side will be allowed to return home uh
in Northern Gaza and there will be some
disagreements over which exactly which
prisoners uh will be freed uh by Israel
so there are details to be worked
also Israel for the time being is
refusing to call off its planned
invasion of the Southern Gaza town of
Rafa this is considered to be the final
uh Hamas stronghold Israel says it is
essential to carry out that operation to
defeat
Hamas but despite all of these areas of
disagreement there does appear to be
this uh this desire to get a temporary 6
we pause in place and the idea is that
could potentially provide the basis for
a longer term and perhaps permanent end
to the war