Hamas is an enemy of all peaceloving
Palestinian people there is no question
that Israel has the right to defend
itself against a terrorist
organization
Hamas is an enemy but not just of Israel
Hamas is an enemy of all peaceloving
Palestinian people who are left to pay a
devastating price for this terrorism
Hamas honors no faith it serves no cause
but Terror it is no better than any
other group in history that has clung to
The Twist of belief that Victory can be
built on the blood of the innocent house
when I say that this kind of hateful
Prejudice has no place in Australia we
should be very clear that it is Hamas
that is the enemy not the Palestinian
people the Palestinian people are
suffering greatly and this suffering has
impacted on generations of
Palestinians there is no question that
Israel has the right to defend itself
against a terrorist organization and to
take strong action against it but we
join the calls of President Biden and
other partners for Israel to operate by
the rules of war the awful anti-Semitism
chanted by some of the protesters at the
Sydney Opera House is beyond offensive
it is a betrayal of our Australian
values we reject it and we condemn it
our country is better than that and our
country is a better place because of our
Jewish Community our government is
committed to keeping the community safe
Mr Speaker through this motion today our
Parliament sends a message of sympathy
and solidarity to the people of Israel
after the attacks by Hamas and to our
own Jewish Community all of us and all
Australians embrace you in this time of
trauma we cannot lighten the weight that
is upon you but we hold you in our
hearts and I commend the motion to the
house
go