the latest round of violence in the
middle east's most dangerous rivalry
appears to be over at least for now Iran
is downplaying that it was even attacked
by Israel in the early hours of Friday
morning the implication being that if it
didn't really happen they don't need to
respond what happened last night was not
a strike but did any other country tell
you something was happening and they
were going to invade your area space and
attack possibly when your
bases two or three very they're they're
like more like toys that our children
play with not drones it was not worth
telling us before it
happened in Israel two there's been an
official Silence about the attack on
Isfahan which appears to have been
limited designed to send a warning
rather than do serious
damage the recent cycle of violence
began on April the first when Israel
bombed an Iranian consulate building in
the Syrian Capital Damascus killing
seven people including two generals from
Iran's revolutionary
guards 12 Days Later Iran retaliated
launching an unprecedented direct attack
on Israel involving more than 300
missiles and drones nearly all were
intercepted by Israeli and US forces
assisted by the RAF
diplomats are now working urgently to
avoid an allout war in the Middle East
and have called for calm the G7
condemned the unprecedented Iranian
attack on Israel unprecedented in scope
and scale scope because it was a direct
attack on Israel from Iran scale because
it involved more than 300 Munitions
including ballistic missiles we're
committed to Israel security we're also
committed to D escalating uh to trying
to bring uh this tension to a to a close
what we are seeing appears to be
deescalation of A Sort but there are
still significant tensions last night
explosions were seen at this military
base used by Iranian linked forces in
Iraq the USS reports that They carried
out the air strike are not true and it's
not yet clear who was responsible
y