let's gooss to uh occupied East
Jerusalem our senior reporter James
Andre is standing by hello to you uh
James what can you tell us about the
situation where you
are well look actually I'm standing in
front of Damascus gate this is the main
entrance for the Muslims of East
Jerusalem who want to go and pray at
Alexa mosque in the Alexa complex and
earlier on today we're actually able to
arrive right uh to at the Gate of this
complex and see inside though we were
not allowed to go up the stairs inside
but what we did see though was that
there were very few people uh a very
small crowd of worshippers a lot less
than you you would usually find and that
was explained to us by local shopkeepers
who told us that what's happening is
that the Israeli police and military who
deployed around this gate and inside uh
East Jerusalem uh are basically
controlling everyone uh we were told by
one of the shopkeepers that basically
all the the younger men uh were
controlled very very regularly and that
indeed uh the people who were from East
Jerusalem but not living inside the old
city were not allowed to come in so this
is the reason why there are very few
people inside very few people walking
around and these shopkeepers were
telling us that the situation for them
is extremely tough with the fact that
there's simply no business so most shops
are actually closed uh one of the
shopkeepers telling us that well you
know you actually lose money if you open
because you have to pay for electricity
and for staff and that basically
situation was so difficult economically
that it was easier for them to close
people also telling us uh that indeed
well uh they feel uh very sad about
what's going on in Gaza they stand with
the population of Gaza and that they
feel abandoned abandoned by uh the
International Community and also uh by
Arab countries one uh lady actually
telling us uh one man sorry telling us
that he felt that the Arabs here in
Israel were battling the whole world
including its largest power uh the
United States of America so indeed uh a
tense situation here and a lot of of you
know uh feelings of of U powerlessness
for this population of East Jerusalem
who indeed uh is leading a difficult
life in this part of the city