Hamas Deputy leader salai Al arui was
killed in a drone strike in the Lebanese
capital of Beirut late Tuesday a
targeted killing Israel has neither
confirmed nor denied at the state
department on Wednesday spokesperson
Matthew Miller was asked whether the US
believes Israel was justified in killing
aori Miller had this answer I will say
that he was a brutal uh a brutal
terrorist with civilian blood on his
hands um and I will leave it at that
experts say they are concerned The
Killing could trigger a wider Regional
war in the Middle East and stall
negotiations for the release of the
estimated 129 remaining hostages Hamas
is holding in Gaza because I think this
potentially complicates any uh efforts
at negotiations for hostage releases
combined with a ceasefire because this
individual uh was a key conduit in those
talks uh he previously had lived in
Cutter and I think was seen as one of
the key uh voices there Israel carried
out new air strikes Wednesday in the
Gaza Strip while the Israeli Army said
it was on high alert for attacks by the
Lebanese militant group Hezbollah
following the Drone strike one expert
told vaa she believes Israel is
listening to the US and others who urg
them to enter a more tar targeted phase
of the war but prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu must also weigh domestic
political concerns and so I do believe
Israeli leadership is hearing it I think
there are separate calculations going on
politically inside Israel and
particularly by the Prime Minister who
has a deep interest in maintaining his
own control of the government even
though latest polls show that I think
most Israelis uh he's got like maybe 15%
support in total from the entire Israeli
population so he's looking to appease
his right-wing members of his Coalition
in order to continue
to continue his role as prime minister
the Israeli campaign to crush Hamas has
left vast parts of the Gaza Strip in
ruins the health Ministry and Hamas
ruled Gaza said the Israeli offensive
has killed more than 22,000 People
Israel launched its offensive after the
October 7th terror attack by Hamas that
left about 1,200 people dead Cindy s VOA
news