Israel is expanding its military
operation on ground Israel are now going
after the top commanders of Hamas idea
fighter jets have eliminated ibah byari
ibraim byari who was said to one be one
of those leaders behind the 7th of
October attack and IDF claims that
hamas's infrastructure in Gaza has been
hit rishab if you can tell us more on
that top commanders of Hamas are now
being
eliminated this is the 11th such
commander of Hamas that has been elimin
ated by Israel and Israel is doing it
very clearly that precisely looking at
the location where these commanders are
incl you know gather the Intel inputs
around these uh leaders and once confirm
Israeli different forces the ground
forces are entering Gaza Strip hitting
these uh targets and high value targets
and returning back then that's what I
was talking to you just a while ago that
the full fledged land Invasion has not
begun but targeted invasions are
happening once the Intel reports are
clear that so and so Hamas leader is
hold up in this area Israel different
forces are entering that area through
land route and ensuring that they
eliminate Hamas leadership and this is
what Netanyahu and other Israeli leaders
have very clearly said that we will not
rest till Hamas is there by the time
Israel rest as per the prime minister of
Israel Netanyahu Hamas will not be able
to govern Gaza Strip and their military
capabilities will be brought down to
zero on your screen says the latest
information is being shared by the IDF
ibrahimi who said to be one of the top
ham commanders and as far as the attack
that happened on the 7th of October how
several of those Hamas terrorists
invaded into Israeli territories and
killed over, 1400 Innocents however as
far as the kill list is there on your
screen as many of the top commanders
this is what the Israeli Defense Forces
attempt and aim to do top
lision