of us Lieutenant G who wishes not to be
identified fought on October 7th in his
own neighborhood we didn't expect
something like this this wasn't War this
was complete Massacre the Israeli Army
displayed weapons seized from Hamas all
the things that you see in front of you
is approximately 1% of what we found on
the Battle Zone the cach includes rocket
propelled grenades landmines ammunitions
and mortars made by Hamas financer Iran
this is homemade by Iran this is for
sure not was stolen from some kind of
garage yeah so this shows Iranian
support of Hamas yeah I'm sure about it
more
Rockets they're coming from there as
well Hamas continues to fire on Israel
with strikes happening as we went live
on air earlier today there's a quite
quite a few and there's one going across
the stream new satellite images show the
impact of Israeli air strikes as the
soldiers wait for their orders to begin
the punishing ground invasion the next
stage will take more time Galant says
the second stage will include
eliminating pockets of resistance before
the final step a new security regime
with Gaza life no longer Israel's
responsibility this will not take a day
nor a week and unfortunately not a month
those fighting for Israel are eager to
do the job have you had any time to deal
with the emotions of what you've been
through we've been preparing for uh
what's coming ahead I'm just trying to
make it out to the other side the USS
Carney shot down 15 drones and four
cruise missiles over a 9-hour period
yesterday that's more than previously
reported a senior us defense official
says those weapons were headed for
Israel in ashalon Israel Mike Tobin Fox
News coming from there
as Hamas continues to fire on Israel
with strikes happening as we went live
on air earlier today there's a quite
quite a few and there's one going across
the stream new satellite images show the
impct AC of Israeli air strikes as the
soldiers wait for their orders to begin
the punishing ground Invasion the next
stage will take more time Gant says a
second St