it's a battle for public opinion and
public perception so let's first take a
look at three pieces of Visual Evidence
that Israel has released so far and what
they show us first up are the pictures
that Israel has released from the car
parking just outside of the alahi
hospital in Gaza take a look at these
pictures of what it looked like before
and after what is the purpose of these
pictures it's very simple first to say
that in the pictures before the
purported rocket strike you can see uh
what the car parking looks like and even
after the bombing took place there is
not too much of damage to the parking
itself most of the cars standing there
also are not physically damaged while
there is a large amount of debris which
coats the entire area barring four or
five vehicles if you take a look at the
rest of the cars which are there they
largely seem intact their body seems
intact the second piece of Visual
Evidence that we are talking about is
the buildings in the area now the
argument is that if there was such a
high impact strike were to happen then
the entire area would be flattened out
however the pictures from the 15th of
October which is before the strike and
the 17th of October which is after the
strike show that several buildings one
is a shed the other one is with a tiled
roof they continue to stand they largely
remain in uh intact what has changed are
some shrapnel pieces Etc which can be
seen on rooftops but the buildings
remain standing and the roofs also
remain largely intact the third piece of
evidence is that of past bombings by the
Israel Defense Force by the Israel air
force the pictures of that the aftermath
of the bombing has has been released now
what do they say they say when we
actually did carry out an aerial strike
take a look at how deep the craters were
that were left behind they were big in
diameter and in depth as opposed to the
pictures which can be seen of the
building and the car park and the
adjoining areas where there is no crater
visible the argument being given is that
this all goes to bolster their claim
that this one wasn't munition used by
the Israeli Defense Forces there are no
craters there isn't the kind of damage
that you would have seen if indeed
Israel decided to bomb this
Hospital
[Music]
rocket
fore
for