the international court of justice has
rejected South Africa's request to
pressure Tel Aviv to safeguard
Palestinians that are being threatened
by his ground assault in Rafa the court
upheld its last ruling demanding Israel
to stop striking civilian Targets this
comes after South Africa lodged an
urgent request asking the UN Top Court
to check whether Israel was breaching
the provisional orders handed to it by
the court in a case alleging the Israeli
forces of genocide in the Gaza Strip the
court also ruled against providing
additional emergency measures to protect
the rights of
Palestinians now about 1.4 million
people are sheltered in Rafa which was
designated as a safe Zone Israel has now
been threatening to launch an offensive
in the area a move which is being
denounced by the International Community
and Tel aviv's Western allies
Israel has pledged to coordinate with
Egypt before launching military
offensive in Rafa the country's foreign
minister Israel Kat said that Egypt is
an ally and Israel will operate keeping
in mind the Egyptian interests and
concerns meanwhile Hamas has said that
Israeli hostages are quote unquote
struggling to stay alive the militant
group furthered that the hostages like
Palestinians are suffering from Hunger
and a lack of medical help Hamas has
linked this to the deteriorating
conditions in the strip due to the
Relentless Israel
bombardments Hamas abducted 250 hostages
during the October 7 attacks and as per
isra sources about 130 hostages remain
in captivity now just this week
diplomats from the US Qatar and Egypt
tried to broker a deal to Hal the
fighting in exchange for Israeli
hostages while US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin hinted at a possibility
of the deal's success no public
breakthrough could be made on Friday
hamas's Gaza Health Ministry announced
that at least five patients in the NASA
medical complex were killed due to a
lack of oxygen and power outages
following Israeli strikes on the
hospital the NASA medical complex is the
biggest functioning Hospital in the Gaza
Strip separately US President Joe Biden
has said that he pushed for a temporary
truce during his extensive talks with
the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu on
[Music]
Friday