the United States is sending a naval
carrier strike group to the Eastern
Mediterranean the deployment comes in
the wake of the Israel Hamas War which
is escalating by the hour Washington is
also positioning more fighter jets
reportedly including f35s and f-15s
closer to Israel officials say the
deployment of USS Gerald R Ford and
other US military assets near Israel
will prove as a deterrent to the Iran
and Iranian back hisbah and other
militant groups senior us officials so
far maintained that no direct Iranian
connection has been found with this
recent attack by Hamas and Israel
although Iran has historically provided
weapons to Hamas us officials seem to be
looking for a more specific connection
experts have nonetheless said that the
US sending an aircraft carrier to the
region is a major escalation some have
even called the huge deployment being as
dangerous for the region Hamas has also
criticized us for the same calling it an
act of aggression against the
Palestinian people as President Biden
pledged the assistance to the Israeli
people and forces senior us officials
from the state and defense departments
are moving to deliver weapons and
resources to Israel as part of an
already existing contract Reports say
necessary items such as artillery shells
and missiles for Israel's air defense
system were part of an aid package being
discussed while Israel's supplies are
sufficient in the short turm they may
need additional support if the conflict
drags on artillery shells would also be
crucial if Israel launched a full brown
ground Invasion into Gaza the Biden
Administration is also looking to send
the aid immediately through the $100
million presidential drawdown Authority
the facility can be used by Presidential
administrations for purposes all around
the world but Reports say the draw down
will likely need additional funds from
Congress the Biden Administration has
come under criticism at home over its
handling of policies in the West Asia
region Republican presidential candidate
Nikki Haley for one slamed Secretary of
State Anthony blinkin she has labeled
his comments on finding a connection
between Hamas attacks and Iran as
irresponsible blinkin said the release
of the $6 billion doll in Frozen funds
to Iran as part of a prisoner swap deal
was not connected to this recent Hamas
attack
[Music]