now firecrackers lit up the night sky in
the West Bank as celebrations Mark the
release of Palestinian women and
children from Israeli prisons as they
reunited with their families crowds
across the West Bank cheered and waved
Palestinian and Hamas Flags along with
the CFE scarves after two white coaches
escorted by armored vehicles exited the
of a military camp with the
prisoners now Palestinian prisoners
wearing gray jumpers were paraded in
betunia in the West Bank in front of eup
faric supporters many of whom broke down
in
[Music]
tears
[Laughter]
the detainees freed included 15 male
teenagers most of them charged with
stone throwing and supporting terrorism
also freed were 24 women some of whom
had been jailed over attempted attacks
against Israeli forces and others
accused of incitement on social media a
17-year-old Palestinian prisoner who was
released as a part of the truce
agreement describe prison conditions as
catastrophic now this 24-year-old
Palestinian prisoner Mara bakir was
freed after spending 8 years in prison
having spent the last years of her teens
in the prison she says the news of the
deal was a complete shock to
her for the Palestinian prisoners and
the families of Palestinian detainees
the release brought relief tinged with
sadness at the fighting that is set to
continue in Gaza after the expiry of a
4day
[Music]
truce
[Music]
ald
destroyed
estimates say that Israel is currently
holding
7,200 Palestinians on security charges
or convictions
including about 2,000 arrested since the
start of the war around 14,000
Palestinians have been killed in the
Israeli bombardment of Gaza and the
ground operation launched last month and
the military says it is preparing for
the next stage of the operation once the
truce
ends
we are now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move