[Music]
eleven years have passed since umkamen
lost their house in occupied east
jerusalem
she says soldiers forced her out
israeli settlers now live in the home
that her family had owned since ottoman
times all she can do is look at it from
the street
i'm not against any human being or
against any religion i'm with all
religions and any human being who exists
but i'm against the occupation which
gave the house to settlers israeli ngo
kerem nowad says that from 1967 to 2014
the israeli army seized more than 100
square kilometers of palestinian land
most of it was privately owned the
amount of land being seized each year is
rising
and according to the ngo most of the
seizure orders were used to provide
housing for israeli settlers according
to palestinian central bureau of
statistics israel occupies more than 85
percent of the west bank and east
jerusalem palestinians who make up half
of the population have fifteen percent
palestinian analyst hallel tufekci says
israel is using seizures to expand the
settlements
there is a clear israeli strategy israel
says i'm between the river and the sea
one state that is the hebrew state on
this basis the israeli side is expanding
the israeli colonies inside the west
bank
the israeli occupation and settlements
are illegal under international law but
the spokesman for the guccion settlement
near bethlehem says
he wants more construction on occupied
lands well i want to see more
buildings and homes in judea and samaria
i think that jews have the right here to
grow and to thrive and to develop this
area an area that goes you can take it
back to the bible or you can take it
back only to
1967 in the defense of war of survival
when we reclaimed
these areas azum kamel and other
palestinians like her are struggling to
get their homes back
the israeli government is looking to
build more houses and settlements
mustafa fatiho's true world occupied
east jerusalem
[Music]
you