how can we talk about this while Gaza is
under ashes how can we turn our blind
while the people of Gaza are displaced
subjected to the worst violations of
human
[Music]
rights
[Music]
every in itional dialogue will be taken
into account unless we take into account
the situation in Gaza how can we talk
about this while Gaza is under ashes how
can we turn our blind while the people
of Gaza are displaced subjected to the
worst violations of human rights and
lack of security and lack of basic needs
I.E medicine water and energy we see
that Security Council achieves no
results in this regard we reject double
standards in this context as well as
selections we call for the
implementation of Security Council
resolution 27
20220 and lift restrictions on the
delivery and entry V human Aid in order
to alleviate the unjustified human
suffering we call for a m Seas fire that
pav the way for a just comprehensive
peace
process
[Music]
let's resolve in this important session
today to not allow genocide and other
atrocities become pale and normalized
the Human Rights Council must hold the
Zionist
regime and its supporters accountable
for the atrocity crimes committed and
occupied Palestine the integrity and
credibility of Human Rights mechanisms
we need to end the Palestinian genocide
by stopping the occupying regime from
further aerial bombardments and ground
and sea offensive against Gaza and Rafa
as well as systematic starvation of the
Palestinian
[Music]
people nothing can justify humans
deliberate killing injuring torturing
and kidnapping of civilians the use of
sexual violence and indiscriminate
launching of rockets towards Israel
but nothing justifies the collective
punishment of the Palestinian
people I invoked article 99 for the
first time in my mandate to put the
greatest possible pressure on the
council to do everything in its power to
end the Bloodshed in Gaza and prevent
escalation but it was not enough
International humanitarian law
[Music]
attack
[Music]
a
[Music]