Israel is facing a conflict and a
multiple front War right now as
Hezbollah also continues to attack
Israel Hezbollah anti-tank missile that
hit kibuts Manara a short while ago are
the reports coming in right now kibuts
essentially are settlements Villages
across Israel and a Hezbollah anti-tank
missile has now hit a part of Israel
these are the first images also that
we're getting to you that shows you the
extent of damage no reports or updates
coming in right now with regards to
casualties or injuries that have been
reported but things are also heating up
in Northern Israel between Lebanon and
Israel as Hezbollah has also been
activated amid this conflict between
Israel and Hamas there have been
multiple such incidents that have been
reported along Northern Israel and this
being the latest of an anti-tank missile
that's hit
Israel I'm currently standing at one of
the dangerous zones on Earth this is the
place where three journalists got hit by
the Israeli rocket and one of them
killed five others got injured this is
al- mushab area of the sou Lebanon you
can see the fence this is the border
between the North Israel and the South
Lebanon here since yesterday evening
thousands of rackets had been traded
between hisbah and the Israeli Army we
have got reports that many houses and
hisbah locations had been hit by the
artillery fire of the Israeli Army but
also it is the fact that hisbah has also
specifically targeted some of the army
positions of Israel on this border the
way America has supported Israel it is
now clear that this is another front of
war between Israel army and hisbah
Ashani for India today in al- mashab on
Southern border of
Lebanon