Israel is using starvation as a weapon
that's the determination of Human Rights
Watch which says the majority of
households in Gaza have been forced to
spend at least a day without food since
October 7th it's pushing the enclaves
millions of residents to the brink of
Despair and Desperation civilian
infrastructure is being targeted by
Israeli strikes on a daily
basis this is an injustice this is a
lack of values this happened at a school
a United Nations School used as a
shelter on mondayin medical officials
say scores of people were killed in
fresh shelling of alifa hospital that's
following a series of deadly attacks on
two refugee camps and a hospital on
Sunday the director of the jabalia
medical center in Northern Gazza says
his facility is unable to cope with the
large number of
injuries whatever type of injuries we
will work here as best as we can we have
one Radiology device that we use for
Imaging and we also have a laboratory
today through primitive methods we were
able to transfer some units of blood to
those seriously wounded people in Gaza
City Israeli forces announced the end of
their operation around the now destroyed
Kamal adwan Hospital which Israel
claimed was being used by Hamas after
occupying the facility for 10 days it
left behind a trail of mass
destruction they've been injured and
have been in hospital for 10 days as
soon as the Israeli troops withdrew I
rushed to take them as you can see they
suffer from Total Burns for no reason
they were left with no food or water and
no care there are other injured members
of the Assaf family but I wasn't able to
carry them none of this is their
fault dozens of injured people are still
missing from the hospital is Israeli
authorities are doing everything they
can to resist international calls for an
end to the onslaught while the wheels of
diplomacy turn in the background the
lives of resins hang in a state of
suspense OB deito trt world