latest updates in the war are coming in
from a new front tensions are escalating
on Israel's northern border with Lebanon
Israeli authorities have announced plans
to evacuate the northern city of Kat
isona after days of clashes with
lebanon-based Hezbollah group meanwhile
Israeli Army has released new footage of
strikes targeting different groups
including Hamas in Gaza and lebanon's
Hezbollah the targets include anti-tank
missile launching posts tunnel shafts
intelligence infrastructure and command
centers Israel had earlier said that its
forces had targeted hezb infrastructure
and struck three people who attempted to
launch anti-tank missiles at
Israel International pressure is growing
for the release of Hamas hostages
Israeli Minister of Foreign Affairs
together with 22 ambassadors and
diplomats from countries whose citizens
have been abducted to the Gaza Strip
have called for the immediate release of
the
abductees they also demand to allow
visits by the Red Cross the ambassadors
and diplomats are from countries
including Tanzania Russia Romania
Portugal Peru Serbia Colombia Austria
Ethiopia Argentina Philippines Georgia
Sri Lanka France Mexico Denmark Hungary
Italy Thailand Canada the Netherlands
Poland and the European Union meanwhile
hundreds rallied in New York City for
the release of Israeli hostages in
Gaza the words that could not and we
will
prevail a few years ago as the United
States Senate
majority
while protests also continue in support
for Palestine dozens protested on
Thursday outside the Israeli Embassy in
Santiago Chile in support of
Palestinians in Gaza separately bodies
of eight Thai victims killed in Israel
have been brought back home via an
Israeli commercial flight Thai
government officials held a ceremony
marking the return of the slain Thai
citizens which was also attended by the
Israeli Ambassador according to
Thailand's Ministry of Foreign Affairs
30 Thai citizens have been killed from
Hamas attacks in Israel while 16 were
injured and 17
abducted