this is a CBS News special report I'm
Jer Duncan in New York the rapidly
intensifying war between Israel and
Palestinian militants roared into a
second day today with the Israeli
security cabinet formally declaring war
the death toll is now more than a
thousand with thousands more injured on
both sides tonight Israeli soldiers are
still battling Hamas Fighters near
Israel's Southern border after Saturday
surprise attack from Gaza Israeli
officials say dozens of Israelis and
several Americans have been kidnapped
and held hostage a senior Hamas official
claims the total is more than a 100
cbs's Holly Williams is in Israel
Israel's prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu says his country is now
engaged in a quote long and difficult
War Hamas gunmen broke through the
barrier that Israel uses to contain
Palestinians in Gaza the militants
designated as terrorists by the US fired
waves of rockets into Israel and arrived
by sea and even in paragliders it was a
coordinated assault civilians were
slaughtered in the towns of Southern
Israel and Hamas also took hostages
including women children and the elderly
Israel's responded by targeting the Gaza
Strip with hundreds of air strikes but
the question is how Israeli intelligence
failed to detect the planning for such a
massive attack Jerica thank you H the
Pentagon has ordered us warships and
forces closer to Israel with the threat
of a wider War looming a major question
ahead will Israel launch a ground
offensive into Gaza continuing coverage
on CBS News streaming and your late
local news for many of you you'll return
to 60 minutes it's coming up this has
been a CBS News special report I'm
Jerica Duncan in New
York