today will go down in history as a
massive State intelligence failure the
Palestinian Hamas militant group
catching Israel both completely by
surprise and also deeply unprepared this
is extensive planning that would have to
take place over the course of many
months and the fact that the Israelis
seem to have been blind to it is
something that is going to I think lead
to an overhaul of the Israeli
intelligence service
leadership Washington apparently also in
the dark one senior US military official
telling NBC news we were not tracking
this us officials telling NBC news that
if Israel knew an attack was imminent
they didn't share it you're going to
have to question whether or not the
sources they have have been doubled back
against them and whether or not Hamas
was able to identify those individuals
and feed false information back to
Israel but also I think they have to
wonder about why their very Exquisite
sensitive technical collection systems
were not able ble to pick up anything
breaching the Border fence was
unprecedented seen here in Hamas video
but bursting into Southern Israel was a
shock to Tel Aviv and the timing is no
accident exactly 50 years ago the 1973
October Invasion by Egypt and Syria also
caught Israel completely off guard good
evening the war in the Middle East grew
in intensity
today over the last year a record number
of Palestinians killed and an optic in
Israeli settler violence and Israeli
military raids in the occupied West Bank
for more than a year now experts have
been warning that things are reaching a
boiling point there was nowhere for the
story to go except a Breaking Point with
a a right-wing Israeli government that
doesn't recognize that Palestinians
exist but even with all the warning
signs no one saw the scale of today's
attack coming Molly Hunter NBC News
London thanks for watching stay updated
about breaking news and top stories on
the NBC News app or follow us on social
media