a muted response by Israel and Iran to
this apparent Israeli attack seems to
indicate that neither side is seeking an
escalation to allout war for now while
the region is still on a knife edge the
crisis could have been much worse this
map gives a sense of the Iranian
military bases and nuclear sites Israel
may have considered hitting in
retaliation to Iran's unprecedented
missile and drone attack last weekend
yet the response looks to have been
limited focused on the city of Isfahan a
center of Iranian missile production
research and development local media
reported explosions caused by Iranian
air defenses shooting down drones at
least some of the activity appears to
have happened at an Air Force Base in
the city this picture shows the entrance
office windows in the area were
reportedly shattered satellite imagery
from a few years ago gives a sense of
why this place might be of interest with
aircraft hangers as well as Jets on the
tarmac also in the area is a facility
that's part of Iran's nuclear program
this still from a video shows multiple
air defense positions nearby a local
news reporter describes the site as
nuclear energy mountain and the place is
well
guarded any attack by Israel would have
been a way to test Iranian air defense
and to send a
message I think Israel is sending a very
clear message to Iran that it can Target
very precisely deep inside Iran and it's
also sending a message at the same time
that it is not keen to escalate it's
basically responding very
precisely while recent fears have been
about all out conflict Israel and Iran
have long been locked in a Shadow war of
deniable attacks and
counterattacks an Israeli drone was
suspected of a strike back in January
last year also in the Central City of
Isfahan Western and Regional leaders
have spent the past few days urging
restraint on both sides and while a
direct War could yet happen there will
surely be renewed hope that further
confrontation between Iran and Israel
will return to the Shadows