right now we are in ashalon area and you
can see the streets of ashalon where
deserted look hardly you will find any
Soul moving except for a few Vehicles
flying on the road people are staying
indoors reason being that this area has
had born the brunt of shelling and
Rocket firing by Hamas from day one and
that's one of the reason that people are
staying indoors advisory had been issued
they had been asked not to freak out
you'll not find even a single person
because almost we are 3 km inside eskon
not a single soul had been found except
for few vehicle plying on the road
you'll not find any person moving out
because this area had been the most
impactful so far as this violence
initiated by Hamas is concerned it was
on the satday morning the people woke up
to the blaring sound of siren after that
we saw that more than 5,000 Rockets were
pounded they pierced through the sky
they landed in the areas which are in
the southern Israel and since then we
have seen the tension between the Hamas
and Israel has increased Israel has
already launched counter offensive
theyve started targeting many of their
hideouts in Gaza Strip Benjamin Nathan
prime minister of Israel has already
made it clear that they are going to
decimate and demolish each and every
Hideout of Hamas and they will raise
them to Rubble let me again ask my video
journalist Sachin Rabat to show you this
is the situation on the ground not a
single soul there's a tension in Atmos
spere advisory has been issued people
had been asked not to freak out because
this will be like inviting danger
because already we have seen that the
alasm brigades of Hamas they are trying
to Target civilians they have already
issued a warning that if Israel would
not stop bombing one they're going to
kill people who had been held hostage
second they're saying that they are also
going to destroy towns like ashalon this
is the ashalon area you can see build
but nobody is standing there outside not
a single person normally this area is AB
bu with activity but today you will not
find except for few people because they
are moving towards their respective
destination they are going to their
respective places that's why you can
find few quads but you can see the
tension is in here there's a lot of
tension right
now