[Music]
continue to launch these Reckless
attacks with no regard for the wellbeing
of innocent
[Music]
civilians
[Music]
[Music]
a
[Music]
I think that was sadly inevitable um the
houthis have continued to launch these
Reckless attacks with no regard for the
well-being of innocent civilians uh who
are transiting through the Red Sea and
now um they have unfortunately and
tragically killed innocent civilians um
and so the United States will continue
to hold the guies accountable for their
attacks which have not just uh disrupted
International Commerce not just
disrupted the freedom of navigation in
international waters uh and not just in
D aured seaf fars but now tragically
killed a number of them so we will
continue to uh hold them accountable we
call them governments around the world
to do the same this is going to be a
long-term process both to deter the
houthi attacks and to degrade their
capabilities to to carry them out and
that's a process that is continuing at
the same time uh we continue to talk to
Partners in the region about uh how they
ought to make clear to the houthis that
these attacks are irresponsible um that
they endanger International Commerce and
that they hurt the economies of of
countries in the region as well as
countries around the world so it's
something that we will continue to push
not just on behalf of the United States
but on behalf of the the Coalition that
we have assembled to oppose the houi
actions and and again to uh collaborate
with other countries in the world who
share those interests from breaking news
detailed analysis in-depth interviews
and explainers follow the times of India
subscribe to our YouTube channel don't
forget to like our videos and hit the
Bell icon to stay updated with the
latest