a suspected Israeli drone attack killed
a Hamas Deputy leader on Tuesday in
lebanon's capital Beirut this adds to
worries that the war could expand beyond
the Gaza Enclave isi who
reports a suspected Israeli attack in
beirut's southern suburb of dah on
Tuesday night has killed senior hamus
official Sal alui known to be second in
command in hamas's poit Bureau
the Drone attack killed a total of six
and injured many more Lebanese and
Palestinian security sources said video
from the scene in a stronghold of the
Lebanese militant group Hezbollah showed
smoke fuming out of a heavily damaged
building mark reev an adviser to Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told
MSNBC that Israel had not taken
responsibility for this attack but that
whoever did it it must be clear that
this was not an attack on the Lebanese
state
Hamas condemned The Killing calling it a
quote cowardly
assassination in the West Bank City of
ramala hundreds of Palestinians took to
the streets and marched in
protest the attack is also raising the
potential risk of the conflict spreading
beyond the Gaza Enclave Lebanese prime
minister najib mikati issued a statement
late Tuesday condemning the attack
calling it a new Israeli crime he said
the explosion quote aims to Usher
Lebanon into a new phase of
confrontations following the daily
ongoing attacks an expert in the Middle
East says the conflict could extend over
a longer
period the war has come to expand as
Israel decides to get a firm grip on
Hamas and heah as for how long this
conflict will continue it worries me
that it's more likely to continue mid to
long term rather than end
shortly meanwhile a spokesperson for the
United Nations Secretary General call Tu
St strike extremely
Waring news