uh here in Council uh this is in London
they have now basically they came out
yesterday and said that they were going
to uh stop their display of their
Hanukah candles this year after a
backlash or a potential fear backlash uh
this was all down to the conflict in
Israel Gaza that was saying that the
lighting uh of these candles of manur
would perhaps inflame tensions something
that I then found very peculiar is that
what happened next was that the Muslim
Association of Britain got involved
because it really did get a huge
reaction and response as you can imagine
this um council's decision people were
very very very upset about it so I have
to say I was quite pleased to see this
this was the Muslim Association of
Britain they said there was concern they
were concerned about these reports uh
canceling the planned lighting of the
Hanukah uh manora they found it
offensive to our Jewish brothers and
sisters and I I have to say I agree with
this but massively no one should be
afraid to practice celebrate or Express
their faith in our country manora
celebrating a Jewish Festival will will
not inflame tensions and cause offense
and they were calling on the council to
reconsider their decision and not help
feed hate and anti-Semitism in Britain
anyway they went on to say that they
will offer their stewards to ensure the
smooth running and security at any event
and they would stand
shoulder-to-shoulder with British Jews
in the face of the sced of anti-Semitism
we'll hear here to that anyway there's
been some meetings had today um with
various different rabbis and Jewish
groups and now the council
quite sensibly if you asked me they've
u-turned on that decision and now said
indeed uh that their plans will go ahead