an upsurge of violence also in the
commercial shipping region of the Red
Sea the largest attack yet by Yemen's
houy Rebels who fired a barrage of bombs
carrying drones and missiles at ships
prompting a fierce response from us and
UK Naval forces ctv's Scott Hurst is on
this story and Scott give us more
details and what's at stake here Sandy
18 drones two cruise missiles and one
ballistic missile were shot down
according to the US military just one of
dozens of attacks since the start of the
Israel Hamas War Iranian back houthi
Rebels have been stepping up their
attacks for months claiming revenge for
Israel's war against Hamas in Gaza the
US and UK as part of an International
Coalition including Canada has sent a
force to protect ships in the region the
rebel group says the latest attack is in
retaliation to a previous American
strike that killed 10 houi militants a
according to us Central Command no
injuries or damages have been reported
in the latest attack uh if these attacks
continue as they did yesterday there
will be
consequences uh again this represents a
clear threat to the interest of
countries around the world and it's
important that the International
Community come together and respond to
them the Red Sea connecting to the sus
Canal is a vitally important Waterway it
accounts for 10 to 15% of World Trade
some of the big shipping companies have
already taken notice avoiding the
commercial route as much as possible
instead sending their vessels around the
southern tip of Africa adding
significant time and money in addition
to the devastating human toll of this
conflict the stakes are escalating for
the worldwide economy retailers are
warning of delays and Rising costs if
the crisis continues Sandy Scott thank
you