since the beginning of the war the IDF
has carried out three main efforts in
the north the defensive effort during
which we have created new defensive
measures along the border the offensive
effort during which we have targeted
hezbollah's forces and are damaging its
military capabilities and the Readiness
effort to prepare for a war on the
northern border since October 7th we
have been engaging in a new defensive
effort along the border with Lebanon to
protect the residents of the north and
to damage hb's capabilities we have
deployed three divisions along the
border we are preventing hbas attack
along the border attempting to enter
into Israel to fire anti-tank missiles
toward Israeli communities ID of
positions and to launch rockets at
Israel so far we have struck more than
150 terrorist cells and eliminated over
200 terrorist and commanders in southern
Lebanon our policy is clear those who
pose a threat will be targeted the
second effort is our offensive
operations since the start of the war we
have struck over 3,400 military targets
belonging to the Hezbollah terrorist
organization across Southern Lebanon
looking at Southern Lebanon it is a
complex area with several towns and
communities most of which are connected
to the Shiite population in Lebanon like
Hamas Hezbollah has also embedded its
terrorist infrastructure within the
civilian population in Lebanon to make
it difficult to Target hezb military
assets our strikes are carried out based
on precise intelligence with the goal of
damaging hezbollah's capabilities and
not causing harm to the civilian
population the third and final effort is
increasing our Readiness for war War
while we would prefer diplomatic
Solutions we will not hesitate to
respond with Force war is not our first
priority yet we are ready for it for the
past 3 months the northern command is
cooperating with the Israeli Air Force
the intelligence the Israeli Navy and
other branches of the IDF and conducting
a series of trainings and exercises to
ensure that if given the order we can
transition to an immediate and
significant
operation