well yes it was one of the deadliest
days on Gaza I actually said the same
thing two days ago however it looks like
every day that passes things here in
Gaza gets uh harder on the people more
struggle is added to the um struggle
that the people are already going
through today and let's talk about some
of the highlights 15 people from the
hamuda family were killed in an Israeli
strike next to the Islamic uh University
in Northern Gaza 40 people from seli
family were killed in a series of Israel
strikes on the aun neighborhood also in
Northern Gaza uh 24 people were killed
in
uhan Anar in kanun seven of them are are
children uh and this happened in also a
series of Israeli strikes and kanun
while 24 four people other 24 people
were killed in an Israeli strike inside
the AL AA University in uh Central gona
and talking about the latest attacks
here in M Gaza I am inside the AL AA
hospital and just an hour ago uh an
Israel strike hit the sua bin Hussein uh
un school where uh hundreds of people
are uh Sheltering and this caused the
killing of two people while uh t were
injured including uh children uh this is
how uh Palestinians here in Gaza are
good good buying 2023 and welcoming the
uh New Year while the people around the
world are celebrating however here we
are on on the ground we are reporting uh
the killing of more Palestinians and
actually we talk to a lot of people
today on the ground and um they are full
of sadness and grief of what happened
here in in Gaza over the past weeks I
mean we're talking about around
22,000 people that were killed since the
7th of October uh 106 of them are
Palestinian uh journalists sixou 6,000
of them are children so yes this is how
the situation here in Gaza is adding to
this the fact that the uh this is a
starvation War now one out of every four
Gins is starving there is rarely any
access to Clear Water rarely any access
to food and uh Egypt allows only a few
number of uh sorry they actually Egypt
allows between 50 to 100 or a trucks to
enter the Gaza strap each day and this
is not enough to meet the needs of uh
the people according to the uh
Palestinian Health ministry here in Gaza
and also the UN and the World Health
Organization the Gaza Strip need at
least uh 1,000 trucks of humanitarian a
daily