dozens of leaders from Arab and Muslim
countries gathered in Riad on Saturday
for a joint Islamic Arab Summit to
discuss the Israel Gaza War they called
for an immediate end to military
operations in Gaza and declared that
Israel Bears responsibility for crimes
against Palestinians the Middle East has
been put on edge since Hamas Fighters
rampaged into Israel on October 7th
killing 1,200 People Israel has escu
ated its assault on Gaza where over
11,000 people had been killed as of
Friday 40% of them children according to
Palestinian
officials Crown Prince Muhammad bin
Salman Saudi Arabia's defecto ruler
hosted The Summit as the kingdom has
sought to exert its influence to press
the United States and Israel for an end
to hostilities in Gaza in an address to
the summit Prince Muhammad said the
Kingdom affirms its condemnation and
categorical rejection of its barbaric
war against our brothers in
Palestine Palestinian president mmud
Abbas said Palestinians are facing a
genocidal war and called on the United
States to end Israeli
aggression Iranian president Ibrahim RI
hailed the Palestinian group Hamas for
its war against Israel and urged Islamic
countries to impose oil and good
sanctions on Israel
R's trip to Saudi Arabia is the first by
an Iranian Head of State in more than a
decade Teran and Riad ended years of
hostility under a Chinese broker deal in
March the war has upended traditional
Middle East alliances as Riyad has
engaged more closely with Iran it has
pushed back against us pressure to
condemn Hamas and put on hold its plans
to normalize ties with Israel Qatar
where several Hamas leaders are based
says it is seeking to mediate the
release of Israeli hostages and hopes a
humanitarian truth would be reached soon
Hamas had called on the summit to take a
historic and decisive decision and moved
to stop the Zionist aggression
immediately Arab foreign ministers were
divided however some countries led by
Algeria called for a complete cut in
diplomatic ties with Israel to delates
to reuter other Arab countries pushed
back many have established diplomatic
relations with Israel they stress the
need to keep channels open with
netanyahu's
government