these young students often find
themselves coat up in war their
education regularly disrupted Dua Sufi
just one of thousands of displaced
people in Gaza tries to help as best she
can since the war's outset I've been
displaced and have found Refugee in this
school striving to help myself and those
around me I've developed a font is
teaching English assembling students and
utilizing the available resources it
said that the students are denied such a
fundamental need like education due to
the constraints imposed by War the war
has exposed children to a number of
harsh realities death destruction and
displacement but despite these
challenges many families are determined
to Shield their children from harm this
school now serves as a refuge for 6,000
500 families all of whom not only need
food and protection but more importantly
need some hope for their children's
future the prolonged duration of the
conflict suggests it may continue my
daughter underwent a profound
transformation because of it she used to
be very calm but recently has been
violent towards her sister I had to
intervene so I enrolled her in English
language lessons here and it's been
immensely
beneficial UNICEF says that since the
War Began more than 13,000 children have
lost their lives and in October last
year the UN office for the coordination
of humanitarian Affairs estimated that
over
625,000 students has been deprived of an
education the mental trauma here is
we're in Uncharted Territory and this is
a young population this is what's so
infuriating any demographer any
economists will tell you that when you
have a young population give them the
right skills give them the right
education give them the right
opportunity and you have a demographic
boom it's the Envy of of many aging
parts of the world but without those
skills without those opportunities
without those jobs without that
education you have a demographic
disaster according to the Palestinian
Ministry of Education 280 government
schools and 65 run by Ona had been
either damaged or
destroyed here in Gaza education is
another casualty of War Israel has
shattered homes and infrastructure but
also Futures leaving a generation in
limbo and even if the war ends the
prospect of rebuilding is a daunting
One World ra Southern
[Music]
Gaza