this is what many residents of KH Yunis
have returned to rubble and the smell of
death from the bodies lying underneath a
city now unrecognizable following the
withdrawal of Israeli troops from much
of Southern
Gaza Ibrahim alar says his home is the
best place in the world even if it's
just dust I lived here and I'll die here
he says palestin Ian officials say they
have recovered more than 60 bodies from
the ruins so far human rights groups say
Israel has failed to fulfill January's
International court of justice
recommendation to prevent a genocide in
Gaza allegations Israel strongly rejects
on Monday another icj case related to
Gaza not against Israel but against
Germany Germany is failing to honor its
own obligation to prevent genocide or to
ensure respect of international
humanitarian law Nicaragua launching its
case at the un's top Court accusing
Germany of breaching the genocide
convention by supporting Israel's war
the Palestinian people that is being
subjected to one of the most destructive
military actions in modern history over
the past 5 years Germany has supplied
almost onethird of Israel's arms Imports
second only to the US the legacy of the
Holocaust remains a driving force behind
Germany's staunch support of Israel
Nicaragua wants the court to force
Germany to stop supplying arms to Israel
and to resume its funding for the un's
Palestinian refugee agency first
Nicaragua must demonstrate that there is
a serious risk of genocide being
committed in the gazaster Dr Abbas pormi
says Nicaragua will also need to
establish a link between Germany and
what is happening in Gaza Germany denies
nicaragu allegations it will set out its
defense on Tuesday the judge's
preliminary recommendations could take
weeks a final Judgment at the icj can
often take years Redmond Shannon Global
News London