also uh Mr Harari as we are seeing this
unfold we saw the condemnation which
came from Nations across the world
including India very strongly backing
Israel but as we see what unfolds is
also two compelling beliefs emerging a
compelling belief that Israel has a
right to self-defense almost in a sense
to avenge the brutalities you've just
talked about and the equally compelling
belief which is in a sense clashing with
uh what perhaps Israel's current policy
is asking that why should every
Palestinian pay the price for what Hamas
has done because you've heard many
Israeli ministers say that you cannot
separate Hamas from the ordinary
Palestinian that they could not have
survived in Gaza without the support of
ordinary
Palestinians we should not fall into
these dark places um Israel should not
fall into the same level as as Hamas it
should be very clear that Hamas and the
Palestinian people are not the same
thing that there are millions of
innocent civilians Palestinian civilians
that are caught in this war which Hamas
started but that uh Israel is a
democratic country which uh abides by
international law and Norms uh should
not Target civilians for
Revenge uh yes uh in a war unfortunately
of course uh civilians uh uh in a place
like Gaza are harmed but this should not
be the aim of Israel Israel is a duty to
protect its citizens and its territory I
think it also has a duty to protect its
humanity and the chance for future
peace um and it's extremely difficult
because you know the the the the mind of
Israelis is now so filled with pain that
they are almost incapable of
acknowledging the pain of anyone else
but this uh we must fight not just for
our territory but for the survival of of
our
humanity and should not H commit
unnecessary crimes against innocent
people we should be very clear that the
war is against the Hamas
terrorists