the US military on Saturday carried out
its first airdrop of humanitarian Aid
into
Gaza this eyewitness video shows two US
military planes flying over the Central
gazen City of deer Al balah us officials
say more than 38,000 meals were air
dropped over Southwestern Gaza in a
combined effort with Jordan reaching the
northern part of the strip later in the
day the move comes a day after over 100
Palestinians were killed while scram
Ling for flower near Gaza City a violent
scene that underlined the growing
humanitarian catastrophe after months of
Israeli Siege Israel blamed most of the
deaths on swarming crowds and send
troops only later fired on people quote
in a limited response after feeling they
posed a threat more than half a million
people are facing a looming famine at
Kamal adwan Hospital in Northern Gaza
pediatrician immad dardona says he
cannot help more than half of the babies
and children that come into his care
care because there is not enough food
and he has no supplies left in its
latest analysis of the situation the
World Health Organization found that one
in six children in the northern part of
The Enclave was acutely malnourished at
a United Nations briefing on Friday a
spokesperson said that four children
died in the hospital
overnight not far from the hospital
hundreds of people can be seen rushing
an aid truck on Saturday in this video
obtained by Reuters before the conflict
Gaza relied on 500 trucks with supplies
entering daily the UN Palestinian
refugee agency unra said on Friday that
during February an average of nearly 97
trucks were able to enter Gaza each day
compared with about 150 a day in January
the White House said on Friday that the
air drops would be a sustained effort
and that Israel supported the measure
despite being resistant to calls to
allow more Aid into the strip Washington
is arming Israel and considers it one of
its closest allies in the
region after receiving a portion of air
dropped Aid on Saturday this displaced
man in Gaza City expressed frustration
at receiving help from a country that he
says is part of this crime against
Gaza facing pressure at home and abroad
the Biden Administration is also
considering shipping Aid by sea from
Cyprus according to a Us
official