a major offensive on one of the few
functioning hospitals in Gaza the
Israeli military released these images
of what it called an operation in Gaza
Palestinian gunmen engaged them in G gun
battle in a number of buildings at the
alifa hospital
complex which is the largest medical
complex in Gaza Hamas alleged the
Israeli military had committed a new
crime by directly targeting the hospital
buildings without caring about patients
medical staff or the display
in
it Israel came under Fierce criticism
last year when troops first raided the
hospital and allegedly uncovered
underground tunnels Israel claims Hamas
functionaries are
using the tunnels as command and control
centers the AL shifa Hospital in Gaza
City is one of the few remaining health
facilities in The besieged Enclave Hamas
and Hospital officials have denied
Israeli accusations the Palestinians
accuse Israel of targeting hospitals and
Israel says the sites were being used to
shelter armed Fighters Palestinians were
seen headed southwards after Israeli
troops raided the compound of Gaza Al
shifa Hospital some were seen traveling
in dkey lead Cuts fearing more attacks
by the Israeli
forces suddenly the Jews came suddenly
just suddenly the there was no
resistance or anything they took the men
and kept us there this is all that
happened we did not feel
anything we looked from the balcony
window and we saw tanks and bulldozers
they were bulldozing the street in the
morning they threw a bomb at the door
they broke the door they came to us and
took my
uncles's and for more on the latest our
correspondent Jordi Cohan has sent us
this report from ranana
Israel the Israel Defense Forces said
that Hamas was carrying out Terror
activity from the alifa hospital and
that it shot several Hamas gunmen when
it came under Fire civilians have been
advised to evacuate to the alasi
humanitarian Zone via the coastal road
which has been secured IDF spokesperson
Daniel hagari said that soldiers were
briefed in advance on preventing harm to
civilians patients Medical Teams and
equipment that IDF doctors were on hand
to assist those in need and called on
Hamas terrorists inside the hospital to
surrender this is jod Cohen for weon
world is one for all the latest news
download the weon app And subscribe to
our YouTube channel