now it's day four of the Gaza troops of
course we've been tracking all the
developments the temporary ceas fire
it's been holding so far despite minor
skirmishes well normaly has started
settling in the bie strip so now the
question arises what's next for
Gaza
the war has taken a massive toll on the
bed and Cave around 15,000 have been
killed in Gaza 2third of those killed
are women and children and more than 1.6
million have been displaced while Spades
of land has been leveled in the strip
many hospitals schools refugee camps and
places of worship destroyed as some Gin
started heading back to their homes in
southern part of the the strip all they
have found are piles of Deb and
Rubble now the 4 day truce is being used
by gazin to fill up their reserves of
Essentials as the region has been
reeling under acute shortage of few of
food fuel water and medicines many
ventured out to local markets to buy
Necessities While others lined up at
fuel stations now as a part of the
agreement Aid has been pouring into Gaza
200 humanitarian Aid trucks were sent to
relief organizations in Gaza as on
Sunday Israel says that the ground
operation would resume after the truce
ends displaced gazin have not been
allowed to head back home towards the
north Gaza resident Gaza res residents
say that isra is Army dropped leaflets
warning people not to travel towards the
north but as the truth continues gazin
are urging for the war to
end
meanwhile prime minister Benin Netanyahu
met Israeli soldiers in Gaza in his
first visit to Gaza since the War Began
Netanyahu asserted that his country
would continue until it wins however
that what would an Israel Victory look
like for thousands of gazin is yet to be
seen of
course
[Music]