israel is reportedly on high alert amid
concerns of aerial threats and a violent
incident on the streets near tel aviv
two police officers have reportedly been
killed by two gunmen in the city of
adera
two gunmen have killed two police
officers in a northern israeli city on
sunday israeli security officials say
the gunmen who were arab israeli
citizens started shooting at police
officers in hadira a city about 30 miles
north of tel aviv the assailants were
then shot dead by police who were dining
at a nearby restaurant as the u.s
secretary of state and three arab
foreign ministers visited the country
for a summit islamic state claimed
responsibility for the attack in a
statement posted on its telegram account
secretary of state anthony blinken
condemned the attack on twitter writing
such senseless acts of violence and
murder have no place in society we stand
with our israeli partners and send our
condolences to the families of the
victims
israeli internal security minister omer
lev said that the threat is still not
over
[Music]
it's a difficult evening for all of us
the event as far as israel's police and
the state of israel are concerned is
still not over many special police
forces operate in many places across the
country to ensure that there are no more
collaborators with this horrible murder
that happened here
israeli security officials have also
cautioned about an escalation in attacks
on israelis in the run-up to ramadan in
april a volatile period in the past
jordan's king abdullah is due to meet
palestinian president mahmoud abbas in
the occupied west bank on monday in what
is widely seen in israel as an attempt
to calm tensions ahead of the holiday
period which also includes easter and
passover
[Music]
you