in the shifa hospital compound we
underneath the ground we are
approximately between the Karan building
is above us and this is the way to the
street meaning this is a way that goes
out outside from the hospital we are
talking about a tunnel which is more
than this only this specific area is
more than 300 M of a tunnel so this area
goes directly outside of the hospital
approximately to one of the areas
outside maybe a mask maybe an apartment
and it's blocked it's blocked and sealed
they knew that we were going to come
here more than a month ago and they
sealed it and now we're going to see the
infrastructure of the
[Music]
tunnel this tunnel is a is a complex
tunnel it's not a it's not the ones that
we know it's more convenient for a long
living like you have
toilets and you have rooms
rooms that were built in order to
contain people but this room is an
operational room that had communication
with electricity provided from the
sources of the hospital meaning the
hospital is providing electricity this
room was evacuated and all the gear was
evacuated I guess it was evacuated when
when they knew or understand that we're
going to enter into sha
Hospital
you can see how long it is the Warriors
in front of us are going inside the T
you can see a small
kitchen so it will provide them food
water Etc all these facilities of water
and food are coming from the hospital
meaning they're using the hospital
infrastructures they're using the
hospital infrastructures in order to
provide this Terror mechanism to stay
alive and
survive this is this is the blast this
is the this is the blast door the one
that we
open where we have SE have seen in the
movie that we reach to the blast door we
took us time to open it we were making
sure it's not booby trapped this blast
doors allows them
to
prevent blasts by our Air Force meaning
it
can maintain the preservation of parts
of the tunnel to be protected and also
it's uh it's part of fighting so if an
enemy reach to the door you can fight
him through the door so it's it's a
really sophisticated mechanism in that
sense designed to fight and all this
mechanism above us is a hospital