to uh take our viewers live to Israel
listen to the Israeli govern military
spokesperson Daniel it you need to be
alert and follow instructions of the
domestic front so we know such threats
and we have dealt with them in the past
uh so once you hear the sirens and the
alarms you need to head to the um
shelters and you need to stay there for
at least 10 minutes no less than that
and you would be informed if you need to
stay longer we would like to ask you to
not to spread any rumors you need to
seek your information from the military
and official platforms I
will keep you updated on latest
developments I would like to stress the
importance of following instructions and
guidelines our military is well ready on
Readiness through all throughout all its
branches we are in close coordination
with the United States and our partners
in the region to work against such
launches and drop them down we are on
high alert and
Readiness um by our Air Force we also
have other defense defense platforms our
air force is excellent and on high
Readiness however uh you we need to
remember that defenses are not 100 %
effective however we need to follow all
instructions by the domestic front
question the drones that have been
launched when were the sirens activated
I will report on launched drones and
they take some time before they arrive
to the um Israeli airspace once they
enter our airspace the sirens would be
set off in the areas where they enter
our airspace and we will
publish all latest developments across
all
platforms another
question why why the airplane uh Zion
Wing is
undeployment there are things and
platforms that are deployed to defend
Israel
this includes such airlanes and other
jamming
devices I will not go into details about
our Readiness and the scenarios that we
have prepared our duty is to defend the
citizens of Israel everywhere and where
it's needed I would reiterate again that
I will address you again on this
platform with any new developments okay
so that is the Israeli military
spokesperson andoun saying that Israel
has launched SE Iran excuse me has
launched several drones that are on
Route uh towards Israel so he was giving
a military briefing he's saying he's
talking to the public saying that he
will keep them informed of any uh
further developments uh let's bring