Israeli forces have withdrawn from
gaza's biggest Hospital ending the
14-day Siege in the medical complex
hundreds have reported been killed in
and around the alifa hospital in the
last two
weeks over 300 reported deaths is a
concerning and high fatality figure but
if Israeli officials are to be believed
the IDF showed great determination
during the operation the government
spokesperson even called it a gold
standard for military
[Music]
strategists I believe that the terrorist
takeover of shifa and the subsequent
Special Forces operation to clear the
hospital of terrorists will be studied
by Future generations of military
strategists at West Point and Sandhurst
as the gold standard for urban
Warfare early in the day Israeli defense
minister had praised the idf's operation
at the alifa hospital yav Gallant
appreciated the forces for their
determined and professional action
inside the medical complex Israel claims
to have killed hundreds of Fighters
belonging to Hamas and the Islamic Jihad
the IDF also claims to have conducted
the operation while preventing civilian
harm but the gazen health Ministry has
released a contradictory statement the
ministry said hundreds of bodies of
slain innocent civilians have been found
at the asifa hospital and its
surrounding areas after the Israeli
military's
withdrawal it also claimed that the IDF
burned all the buildings of alifa
hospital and made it completely out of
service the situation was
Indescribable each person was found
sitting in a corner by the wall they
were sitting as they were but covered
with blood the bodies were left for over
7 days they were swollen all the bodies
suffered from factors of body
decomposition thank God we were able to
bury them which was difficult due to the
state of the bodies that were beginning
to
melt more than 32,000 gazin have been
killed since Israel launched its war
after the October Hamas attack a far
greater number has been injured and most
of gaza's 2.4 million population has
been
displaced for all the latest news
download the weon app And subscribe to
our YouTube channel