can the Prime Minister please share his
Christmas message for children being
bombed in Gaza this
winter
Minister Mr Speaker nobody wants to see
this conflict go on for a moment longer
than
necessary we urgently need more
humanitarian pauses to get all the
hostages out and to get lifesaving Aid
into Gaza to alleviate the suffering of
the Palestinian people and we we've been
consistent that we support what is a
sustainable ceasefire which means Hamas
must stop launching Rockets into Israel
and release all the
hostages Mr Speaker if the current
actions of the Israeli government
continue then it is is estimated that
almost 1,400 more children will die
between now and Christmas day now in the
United Nations last night our friends
and allies in France in Ireland and
Canada and Spain and in Australia they
joined with 148 other nations to vote
with courage care and compassion for a
ceasefire the UK they shamefully
abstained how can the Prime Minister
possibly explain why
153 nations are wrong yet Westminster is
right Mr Speaker as I've said
consistently we're deeply concerned
about the devastating impact of the
fighting in Gaza on the civilian
population too many people have lost
their lives already and this is
something that we've stressed and I've
stressed personally to prime minister
Netanyahu just last week what we are
doing practically is to get more Aid
into Gaza Mr Speaker the foreign
secretary is appointing a UK
humanitarian coordinator and in my
conversations last week with prime
minister Netanyahu I pressed him on
opening up the Kem Shalom Crossing so
that more Aid can flow in and we are
actively exploring the opportunity for
maritime corridors something that the UK
is well placed to lead and I can give
him my Assurance that we will work night
and day to get more Aid to those who
desperately need
it