I think right now the Israeli soldiers
who are stationed in the borders just
200 meters behind me now they are firing
or they are launching a special drones
those drones are firing tear gas bombs
vertically on the protesters we've just
heared from the medical or the Health
Ministry in Gaza that at least one
Palestinian have been killed he's a
volunteer paramedic and Rafa
in the southern part of the Gaza Strip
and after he got shot in the head
actually as they told us and there are
more than 30 Palestinians have been
wounded we are talking about that
Virginians are continuing this protest
for the 20th week consecutive week they
didn't stop they say that we are we want
to to the to the demonstrated to
demonstrate to show the world that we
are living in an open-air prison and we
just get tired from the blockade which
was imposed in the year 2006 and no one
is looking for us so those
demonstrations maybe can get Gaza
back to the top of the news as what is
happening right now
I'm despite the the killings and the
injuries amid a very bad health
situation in the in the health sector we
are talking about many crises and in the
health sector of the Gaza Strip
including electricity and shortages of
the medical supplies and also this
Friday especially this Friday cast game
that directly after an escalation
between the Israeli occupation forces
and the postilion factions headed by
Hamas there are talk about a ceasefire
or a long-term truce but nothing is
implemented on ground it's a fragile the
truth right now and three Palestinians
for Palestinians have been killed in in
just one week including a pregnant woman
and
baby girl which are one-and-a-half here
to this moment
[Music]