the Israeli forces blocked the who lead
Convoy for many hours the moment it left
the
[Music]
hospital eight convoys have come under
Fire and are systematically denied
access to people in
[Music]
need
[Music]
[Music]
on 25th of February so that was Sunday
the Palestine red crescent society and
the United Nations evacuated 24 patients
from Al Amal Hospital in hunis including
one pregnant woman and one mother and
newborn despite prior coordination for
all staff members and vehicles with the
Israeli side um the Israeli forces
blocked the wh lead Convoy for many
hours the moment it left the hospital
the Israeli military forced patients and
staff out of ambulances and stripped all
paramedics of their clothes three
Palestinian red chrisan Society
paramedics were subsequently
detained this is not an isolated
incident eight convoys have come under
Fire and are systematically denied
access to people in need humanitarian
workers have been harassed intimidated
or detained by Israeli forces and
humanitarian infrastructure has been
[Music]
hit the inadequate facilitation for the
delivery of Aid throughout Gaza means
that humanitarian workers are subject to
unacceptable and preventable risk of of
being detained injured or Worse leaving
us and our partners unable to safely
reach Northern Gaza and increasingly
parts of Southern
Gaza the UN and our partners have
consistently communicated the
requirements for Meaningful facilitation
of relief efforts across Gaza to the
Israeli authorities the bare minimum is
this acknowledging notification of a
humanitarian mission in advance comes
with the responsibility of facilitating
safe smooth and Rapid passage on the
[Music]
[Music]
ground
[Music]
from breaking news detailed analysis
in-depth interviews and explainers
follow the times of India subscribe to
our YouTube channel don't forget to like
our videos and hit the Bell icon to stay
updated with the
latest