where does the world go from here really
as as a historian where does the world
go from here because the worry of course
that this you have the Russia Ukraine
war again it seems a war which the world
has lost interest in but it is still
causing a great deal of human suffering
we see this current conflict there may
be more conflicts coming in the Armenia
region where does the world go from here
do you see this at the most dangerous
time as some observers have put it since
World War II could we be looking at
another World War II if we see conflicts
erupting like this and the sense of the
World moving from one to the other and
losing interest in the last
one absolutely again it's what I said
before order is collapsing and is
replaced by chaos this has been
happening for the last 5 to 10 years we
see it in more and more places the
pandemic was part of it the Russia
invasion of Ukraine is part of it what's
happening now in Israel and Palestine is
part of it if we don't rebuild order it
will only become worse it will spread
all over the world it could lead to the
third world war and with the type of
weapons and Technology now available it
could lead to the annihilation of
humankind
itself uh we shouldn't lose hope this is
a time for responsibility not a time for
despair again anybody who has any
ability this is the time to rebuild
order
to try and rebuild hope and the very
first step that I would focus now again
again going from the kind of very broad
perspective of the global order to the
immediate crisis uh in in my home
country the first step is to immediately
release without condition all the
hostages this is important not only in
itself as uh uh liberating these people
from terrible suffering but because this
will give hope this will give breathing
space and will be a first step perhaps
to deescalate the conflict and going
back uh uh to the path of Peace mhm