Israel is ready to send its team of
negotiators to Qatar for fresh Tru talks
this move comes after netanyahu's office
had early described the latest proposals
for a hostage deal by the Palestinian
group Hamas as
unrealistic this also comes as Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin netan who
approved the plans for Action in Rafa
earlier Israel's military said it plans
to move 1.4 million displaced
Palestinians from Rafa to humanitarian
enclaves for launching an offensive
there Hamas had revealed its proposed
terms for a hostage deal which was
passed along to Israeli officials as per
reports this deal included a release of
Israeli female soldiers in order for the
return of 50 Palestinian prisoners
Reports say that Hamas wants the hostage
deal to be carried out in three stages
with each stage lasting for 42 days the
first stage would involve attraction of
Israeli troops from gaza's Rashid and
Salah Alin street so that Palestinians
can move back to their homes the second
stage as per this report stressed on
achieving a permanent ceasefire this is
the stage when Hamas will release
Israeli hostages the last stage
reportedly will include comprehensive
reconstruction of Gaza International
negotiators failed to achieve a
temporary seafire in Gaza War ahead of
holy month of Ramadan however Washington
and Arab mediators are still determined
to head off an Israeli assault on Rafa
and let in humanitarian Aid into the
gazan strip the White House said that a
proposal from Hamas militants on a Gaza
ceasefire for hostages deal is certainly
within the bounds of what is possible
and expressed cautious optimism the US
has circulated the final draft of a
United Nations security Council
resolution that would support
International efforts to establish an
immediate and sustained
ceasefire the initial draft underscored
that a temporary ceasefire is required
as soon as pract practicable for the
release of all hostages and father
called for the lifting of all
restrictions on the delivery of
humanitarian
Aid
for all the latest news download the
weon app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel