the hog
hearing is the dfus affair of the 21st
century it's a show of Shame
hypocrisy and blatant
anti-Semitism because the factor as
simple as can be on October 7th 2023
thousands of Hamas terrorists invaded
Israel burning Al lives families whole
families killing babies abducting
children
raping women with a clear and explicit
goal to
annihilate the state of Israel just open
their Charter Google it to annihilate
the only Jewish state on Earth and
Israel having no
choice went into Gaza we're fighting
Hamas we're not targeting civilians
deliberately but Hamas is Hamas is
hiding behind its own
children and yeah there is collateral
damage in those cases the collateral
damage in Gaza is the lowest in any War
less than World War II or Vietnam or
Afghanistan or Iraq we bend over
backwards to not harm innocent people
but war is
tough and those who have Thea the
audacity to accuse
the state of
Israel all I can say is shame on them
these hearings are going to be thrown
into the dpin of history and am Israel
is going to continue forward
[Applause]
because in a powerful sermon delivered
from a church in Bethlehem on Christmas
Day the same day Israel had killed 250
Palestinians including at least 86
people many from the same family
massacred in a single strike on magazi
refugee
camp Palestinian Pastor monther isach
addressed his congregation and the world
and he said and I
[Music]
quote this hearing on the earliest
possible date to entertain South
Africa's request from breaking news
detailed analysis in-depth interviews
and explainers follow the times of India
subscribe to our YouTube channel don't
forget to like our videos and hit the
Bell icon to stay updated with the
latest