this is the first time that we are
facing this much hard situation over
there and we are very thankful to the
Indian government especially the Prime
Minister nin Modi G for bringing us back
they started a portal we registered at
night 12:00 in the morning they confirm
that yes today you have flight you can
fly to India we are so relaxed and we
thanks government of
[Music]
India
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
this is the first time that we are
facing this much hard situation over
there and we are very thankful to the
Indian government especially the Prime
Minister nin Modi G for bringing us back
and uh we are hoping for the peace as
soon as possible so yeah we are thankful
to the government the Indian Embassy
they are continuously working 24 into 7
first of all I would like to thank uh
Indian embassies over there in uh Tel
Aviv they support every time for their
citizens in Israel at this situation
they support us very well and once uh we
got to know that they are going to
evacuate us they started a portal we
registered at night 12:00 in the morning
they confirm that yes today you have
flight you can fly to India and this
process was very excellent and we are
here the government did a tremendous job
especially for thank I am thankful for
the ministry of external Affairs and I
think that uh I hope that situation will
will be soon normalized and we will go
again for the job first day uh actually
we were sleeping and at around 6:30
there was a siren so uh because we
didn't her in 2 years we didn't
experience that much of chos so we run
to shelter and with him it's very hard
but we manage but I guess we live in
shelter for 2 hours we are so relaxed
and we thank government of India and
like our prime minister and every
minister to support us to come back
thanks to
everyone