president mahmoud abbas declared on
tuesday that the palestinian government
is terminating all security agreements
in cooperation with israel and the
united states the declaration came in
response to a proposed israeli plan to
annex around 30 of the occupied west
bank on july 1st the annexation plan if
carried out would include the jordan
valley and jewish settlements which
palestinians want to be part of an
independent state the annexation plan
comes in accordance with u.s president
donald trump's deal of the century which
the palestinian authority has strongly
opposed since it was revealed to the
international community in late january
israel has always wanted to annex the
jordan valley due to its strategic
importance the territory is a fertile
strip of land home to 65 000
palestinians and 11 000 settlers and it
constitutes half of the agricultural
land providing food security to
palestinians the annexation of the
jordan valley would also mean that
palestinians would be cut off from the
jordan river which feeds more than 80
000 hectares of agricultural land a move
that would jeopardize palestinian food
and water security the jordan valley
marks a boundary between jordan and
israel and between jordan and the
occupied west bank israel has previously
claimed that it needs more troops on the
stretch in order to protect itself from
a potential invasion in an interview
with german publication der spiegel king
abdullah ii of jordan warned last week
that an annexation would lead to a
massive conflict with jordan abbas said
that the palestinian authority considers
the u.s a primary partner with the
israeli occupation government and called
on the international community to
sanction israel and to recognize the
state of palestine palestinian leaders
including abbas have said several times
in the past that if the peace process
fails to produce an independent
palestinian state the palestinian
authority will dissolve itself and hold
israel responsible the united nations
the european union turkey and the arab
league have warned israel against going
through with its annexation plan
you