the US once again carried out strikes in
eastern Syria targeting facilities used
by Iran's Islamic revolutionary guard
Corps marking the third time in three
weeks that such strikes have been
carried out this time according to
defense secretary Lloyd Austin the US
targeted uh a training facility as well
as a safe house in eastern Syria used by
the irgc and Affiliated groups this
marks the third time in three weeks
we've seen the Us carry out strikes
against uh the irgc and its Affiliated
groups and that's because of the ongoing
attacks the US has seen on its forces in
Iraq and Syria as of the latest update
on Thursday the US has seen about 46
attacks against its forces mostly drone
and Rocket attacks in Iraq and Syria
those uh those attacks according to the
Pentagon have resulted in 56 injuries to
US forces mostly minor traumatic brain
injuries and minor injuries it is
because of that that the US once again
felt the need to act trying to calibrate
the response to send a me message of
deterrence to Iran while also not
escalating the situation Austin called
these precise strikes and says they'd
been directed by President Joe Biden we
saw the US Target weapons and storage
facilities over the course of the past
several weeks again calibrating those
responses to try to avoid a further
escalation the US has been watching very
closely what's happening with the
conflict in Gaza between Israel and
Hamas but it has tried to separate that
from the rest of the region still it
hasn't been successful in that effort as
groups affiliated with Iran have
continued to carry out attacks on US
forces the US responding to those trying
to send a message to Iran not to attack
again while also trying to make sure the
situation doesn't escalate unnecessarily
and the conflict in Gaza spreading
farther in the region Orin liberman CNN
in Tel
Aviv