it's just another day in gaza's Rafa
City Palestinians living in tents
including children wait in long lines
for hours Duan says the whole strip is
starring famine in the
face we came here from the center of
Gaza there's an aid organization here
that distributes food and every noon we
line up to get some sometimes it can
take hours I have to wait from 1:00 p.m.
to 300 p.m. to feel the jeren I brought
with me with water fear is ever present
as the Israeli military has vowed to
attack Rafa once considered safe Zone
UNICEF also says gaza's more than a
million children are in need of mental
health support Palestinian children's
mental health is severely impacted they
present symptoms like extremely high
levels of persistent anxiety loss of
appetite they can't sleep they have
emotional outburst uh or or they Panic
every time they hear a
bombing before this war UNICEF was
considering already before this war that
500,000 children were already in need of
mental health and psychosocial support
in the Gaza STP
today we estimate that almost all
children are in need of that support and
that's more than 1 million children
meanwhile the US imposed sanctions on
four Israeli illegal lers who are
involved in violence against
Palestinians in the occupied West Bank
and for prime minister Benjamin
netanyahu's War cabinet pressure is
mounting at
home these protesters blocked a road in
Tel Aviv calling for a deal to get Hamas
to free the remaining roughly 130
hostages talks for a second Tru seem
closed a Palestinian official said on
Thursday that Hamas will likely approve
a proposal but will want assurances that
Israel is committed to ending the war
the deal reportedly could lead to a
40-day suspension of hostilities and C
the hostages released cubra aach T world