[Music]
life is difficult for hana abu haikal
like many others he lives under the
shadow of the expanding settlements in
the occupied west bank
she says the settlers often heard abuse
at local palestinians like her and they
are backed up by the israeli armed
forces
you can expect all types of provocations
beating breaking storming the house
cursing they cut all the trees but we
planted them again they cut all the
grape trees and we planted them again
the settlers are savage and the army is
protecting them you can't really
separate them they have agreed on one
point which says if you don't like it
leave
that's something abu haikal says she's
refusing to do despite countless offers
from the settlers and authorities to be
resettled abroad and for compensation of
up to 20 million dollars
abu haikal is not the only one being
punished
palestinians in the west bank say
settlers even target children
sometimes soldiers attack our school and
teachers tell us to run to our homes
sometimes they block the door of the
school and don't allow us in they keep
staying around the school sometimes the
settler starts throwing stones in us and
soldiers don't make any move against him
sometimes they kill people when i was in
the kindergarten a settler hit my sister
and hit me on my leg
immigrants to israel have been expanding
settlements on lands owned by
palestinians but captured by israel in
the 1967 war
it's been done with support from the
current government despite israel's own
supreme court declaring several
settlements illegal
but that could change if netanyahu
formally annexes part of the west bank
he's been emboldened by the us's formal
recognition in march 2019 of israel's
annexation of the golan heights from
syria in 1980
it's likely to make things tougher for
palestinians like hana abu haikal but
she like many of her neighbors says
she's not yet willing to give in
shoebhasan drt world
[Music]
you