moving on now let's talk about what is
happening between Israel and Hamas their
army is continuing its military
operations inside gaza's largest
hospital and after a day of targeted
operations Israel's Defense Forces now
claim to have uncovered weapons and
equipments which were being used by
Hamas the am ammunition has been a
recover from the MRI building and
however Hamas has in fact rubbished the
claims and called the raids on Hospital
of War crime now these attacks come as
hundreds of civilians have been
Sheltering inside the hospitals
alongside the patients and the staff as
well meanwhile as the global outcry
mounts United Nations security Council
has passed a resolution calling for
extended humanitarian pauses in Gaza and
the release of all hostages it was
adopted by 12 votes in favor zero
against it and three absenti including
Russia I the United States and the
United
Kingdom this is where patients come in
order to get a more secluded
area and the lighting here is out so
we're using flashlights you'll be able
to see are is military equipment there
is a an
AK-47 there are cartridges am ammo uh
there are grenades in here so we're
stealing the R Center the backpack was
found in here and medical gear uh it
seems as if there's no real shortage
because there's a lot of equipment here
but and when our troops open this uh
closet here which is in the main part of
the clinic this is what they found these
weapons have absolutely no business
being inside a hospital the only reason
they're here is because Hamas put them
here because they use this place like
many other hospitals and ambulances and
sensitive facilities inside the Gaza
Strip for their illicit military
purposes
we also know that while this resolution
is critical its passage alone will not
save lives actions on the ground will
we've worked with Israel its neighbors
the United Nations and other partners to
get Aid into the hands of vulnerable
Gins and we have secured initial steps
for critical humanitarian pauses pauses
that should be coordinated with the UN
to enable hostage release
help civilians reach safe areas increase
the flow of Aid and ensure it reaches
those in need