what I'm quite clear about is what we've
seen since since October the 7th and not
just what happened in Israel on October
the 7th and by the way those hostages
should be released but the awfulness was
happening in in Kaza 33,000 people have
lost their lives men women and children
13,000 children have lost their lives
and we saw in the last 48 hours 7 a
workers three British being targeted you
know not one car not two car three cars
by uh the Israeli uh Defense Force uh in
my view um uh the fact the government's
not publishing the legal advice one can
only draw one conclusion I think the
government should be pausing all sales
of weapons to uh Israel I think we
should be holding to account the Israeli
government Rishi claims to be Chums best
friends special relationship with
Benjamin Netanyahu where is the evidence
we're using that influence to put
pressure on the Israeli uh government
and I worry every hour this war goes on
forget every day more innocent people
are uh dying we've now got a situation
where AID workers are dying not just
innocent men women and children in Gaza
foreign aid workers and are being killed
by the Israeli Defense Force it's got to
stop so an immediate halt to all exports
well I can see no reason not to the
government's had now weeks to publish
their legal advice they've not published
it unless they publish the legal advice
today and it shows there's no breach of
international uh law we should hold all
sales and will you be putting pressure
on K Dharma to commit to that well look
you listen it's not about any put
pressure on you know K St or anybody
else you know the lab part is not the
government the conservatives of the
government we have one rule for the lab
party in opposition aable for the
conservative government right the last
time there was a labor government I was
in it and Gordon Brown a few days after
is R into Gaza called for a ceasefire
the last time prime minister went to the
United Nations and got a motion pass for
a ceasefire and there was a ceasefire
the government now is a conservative
government and it's Richi sunak and the
conservatives who should be held to
account not the low party in opposition