it's Dawn in Gaza City and dozens of
starving Palestinians are waiting for an
expected Aid
delivery but as the trucks approach
Israel attacks dozens are confirmed dead
with scores more injured and no
ambulances to
assist many people gathered on the seip
street to get floor from the egg trucks
then the Israeli tank started firing
children who went to get those bags of
Aid lost their lives they were wounded
everywhere this child just went to BU
Flor what is his fault what can we
do hospitals a word already used Loosely
for months considering the dire lack of
medicine and Personnel are hurting more
than ever as of Wednesday Kamal adwan is
no longer in
service the Intensive Care Unit the
Renal Care Unit and other departments
that require serious interventions are
completely dysfunctional this is a
harbinger of disaster in Northern Gaza
in the coming days we were the only
Hospital in this area but we will not be
able to provide services because we have
run out of fuel Abu safi's announcement
came as gaza's health Ministry shared
equally gruesome news several children
have died of dehydration and
malnutrition in
Gaza the doctor said he is malnourished
for the last four months he has not been
able to eat properly we couldn't find
milk we need meat bread and milk to feed
this child his condition is very bad and
he has cysts in his body this mother
says of her starving son the Palestinian
red crescent wrote on X that it hopes
quote for serious and real action to
stop the famine because the bad
humanitarian conditions have exceeded
all
limits despite Palestinian accounts the
warnings of international humanitarian
organizations and even International
court orders smoke was seen rising over
Gaza City Thursday morning the Israelis
having yet to achieve any of their goals
in their 5mon long war on Gaza show no
signs of letting up even as the
Palestinian death toll creeps over
30,000 Priyanka naani trt
world