let's have a look at media bias the very
definition of Islam by the very def
definition of being a Muslim voter
you're going to be anti-jewish sto by by
two things one the horrifying immediate
response not just in America but when
you saw mobs in Sydney Australia
chanting gas the Jews when you saw
except there is no evidence that that
was actually chanted outside of the
Oprah house a report published by the
Muslim Council of Britain Center of
media monitoring analyzed online NTV
news coverage of the first month of the
war from the 7th of October to the 7th
of November the study analyzed more than
176,000 TV clips and more than 25,000
news articles and revealed a biased
focused on the Israel Hamas War framing
this conflict is extremely complicated
and it's difficult to explain to people
exactly what is happening TV broadcast
channels heavily favored Israel has a
right to defend themselves over
Palestinian rights with a ratio of 5 to1
we keep hearing these demands for
ceasefire on the surface it sounds
peaceful but really don't these calls
for ceasefire just mean that Israel
should back off and let the terrorists
Thrive and then there were just all
sorts of Fally incorrect statements
which weren't just wrong but frame the
issue without context for example the
title of this video is that Israel takes
control over border yet the Border has
always been under Israeli control and
it's well known that there are Israeli
military checkpoints for Palestinians in
the occupied Palestinian territories
language terms used to describe the
deaths of Palestinians are sometimes
qualified with phrases such as what they
say is a massacre Israelis are about 11
times more likely to be referred to as
victims of attacks compared to
Palestinians over 70% of the terms
atrocity Slaughter and Massacre were
used in reference to the attacks against
Israelis islamophobia there has
sometimes been hierarchy of racism when
reporting on anti-Semitism and
islamophobia opposition to Israel has
been framed as anti-semitic by some
Publications and commentators yeah I
mean that's exactly what they mean I
mean this is this is Nazi language I
mean but as you say the difference
between this and the Nazis the Nazis
tried to keep the secret