the UN secretary General's Presence at
this meeting made sure the crisis in the
Middle East was high on the agenda on
arrival Antonio guz Drew attention to
the mounting civilian death toll that is
unprecedented in my times as Secretary
General and a basic principle of
international humanitarian law is the
protection of civilians we must stick to
principles in Ukraine as in Gaza without
double standards the EU like the UN is
demanding a ceasefire and Urgent
measures to address the worsening
humanitarian crisis the final Summit
communic will call for a sustainable
ceasefire and the release of hostages EU
leaders welcomed news of a new US
Security Council resolution calling for
the same Israel has been aggressed by
Hamas Israel has the right to defend it
has to do that in accordance with
international law hostages has to be
free and I am happy that the us is going
to present a proposal a proposition to
the security Council asking for the
first time for a
ceasefire together with the freedom of
the hostages a number of leaders also
warned Israel not to go ahead with plans
for its military operation in Rafa or
anything leading to the displacement of
more
Palestinians we are not for a big
offensive in Rafa I stress that in
Israel myself and we hope that a longer
lasting SE ceas fire will now be
possible that is also linked to the
release of all hostages and what is also
very important to me the Handover of the
Dead EU leaders are also going to demand
Israel does more to crack down on
settler violence and use more restraint
in its military operations in the towns
and cities of the occupied West Bank
this EU Summit has multiple foreign
crisis to deal with but the situation in
Gaza with the looming threat of famine
is now so serious it could not be
ignored the block is pledging to send
more humanitarian Aid when it can be
delivered and the language it will use
in calling for a ceasefire is strong but
there's not much else it can really do
Simon McGregor wood trt World
Brussels