[Music]
death continues to rain down on Gaza
from the skies Israeli Jets destroying
an entire residential Square in the
jabalia camp incinerating and
eviscerating the people on the
ground I don't think we should be
looking to the international criminal
court for any kind of solution here
Israel has violated
28 un Security Council resolutions with
with complete impunity they have they
have they have suffered no no
repercussions no consequences for those
violations the international legal order
in respect of Palestine has failed
dramatically so I don't think we can see
any future uh redress or Justice for the
Palestinians Israeli troops backed by
tanks push into Northern Gaza soldiers
from infantry units are now occupying
houses deserted by their residents who
fled Israel's aial bombardments but
hamus says it's ready and is fiercely
resisting Israel's Invasion something
confirmed by Israeli officials the
growing ground activity has not lessened
the air
strikes medical supplies and daily
Essentials are running out as T has
refused to allow Aid in dozens of
hospitals are already unable to provide
even urgent Emergency Care the air
strikes have also displaced hundreds of
thousands of people who are now living
in makeshift shelters
the World Health Organization says it
fears an imminent Public Health
catastrophe with mass displacement
overcrowding and damage to water and
sanitation infrastructure but it's all
falling on deaf years just as the United
States would not agree to a ceasefire
after the bombing of Pearl Harbor or
after the terrorist attack of 911 Israel
will not agree to Association of
hostilities with Hamas after the
horrific attacks of October 7th calls
for a ceasefire are calls for Israel to
surrender to Hamas Israel is also
expanding its operation in the occupied
West Bank with the destruction of houses
of hamas's political leaders and
activists and the arrest of dozens of
ordinary Palestinians but the focus of
Tel aviv's Fury remains on Gaza despite
an appeal from Israeli hostages held in
the territory for a ceasefire till they
are swapped for Palestinian prisoners
Netanyahu and his cabinet have dismissed
as hamus propaganda made under durus and
insist they will not stop till they have
destroyed hmus and every one of its
supporters in Gaza no matter what the
cost sh Hassan trt
world