[Music]
there is a new plan to end Israel's
occupation of the Palestinian
territories and it's being proposed by
former members of the Israeli security
services more than 200 retired leaders
have presented a plan that includes a
freeze on settlement construction the
group fear is that under the current
government Israel has isolated itself
internationally joining us now to talk
more about the settlement issue is
israeli journalist gideon levy in tel
aviv Gideon good to see you we now have
top security leaders challenging
Netanyahu's position on
settlements how significant is this I
wouldn't exaggerate about it first of
all this group of people part of them or
as a matter of fact all of them take
personal responsibility for the
settlement project they had supported it
for years now they change their minds
which is really welcome and and really a
very positive development but to think
that 200 retired the security people as
senior as they are will change the
political map of Israel this is
something much too exaggerated to expect
the fact is that Netanyahu the most
right-wing hardliner Prime Minister is
quite strong in his position
it may not necessarily change on this
particular settlement issue but doesn't
it actually say something about it to
have 200 people as you say very senior
security people questioning
Netanyahu and his judgment and is this
going into more of a movement of other
people's opinions within Israel
sure it is a meaning there's some public
meaning but effect is that Netanyahu is
being elected one time after the other
and if not Netanyahu it's in any case a
very clear majority in Israel to the
right wing and this no 200 people can
change unfortunately so Gideon Levy
unfortunately that's all we have time
for thank you so much for joining us
[Music]