we're here in the Israeli community of
ashalon which is just 20 kilometers from
Gaza and here you can find homes like
this one completely blown apart from
Hamas rocket fire this area in
Southwestern Israel was hit very hard in
the first hours of that Hamas
unprecedented coordinated attack that
began on Saturday morning and the
situation much calmer now Israel has
taken back control of its territory in
the South it has sealed its border with
Gaza but you can still hear in the
distance that steady drum beat of Rocket
Fire coming from Hamas Israel's
so-called Iron Dome its air defense
system though is doing its job we've
seen Hamas Rockets being shot out of the
sky but occasionally some of those
Rockets do get through and land here on
Israeli territory like the one that
destroyed this home this is the local
hospital which is well fortified but
suffered a direct hit on Saturday from a
Hamas rocket that struck and destroyed
the corridor as you can see but
incredibly no one was hurt this hospital
so close to the Gaza border no stranger
to treating victims of violence
typically a mass casualty event here
would involve 50 injuries on Saturday
they saw 200 and were completely
overwhelmed most of those civilians with
gunshot wounds suffered from Hamas
gunmen the head physician in this
Hospital says that he was at home on
Saturday morning when Hamas came in in
and took control of his town for several
hours he says he hunkered down in his
house they tried to break into my house
they didn't succeed they moved to other
houses very frightening I i' I've never
been so frightened as bad as this looks
the pictures coming from across the
border in Gaza are far far worse
hospitals there have been completely
destroyed by Israeli rocket fire as
Israel declares a Siege on Gaza and has
cut off the Palestinian an enclave of 2
million civilians from food electricity
and fuel health workers here are able to
stop and catch their breath but in Gaza
the death toll is climbing well into the
hundreds much faster than anyone can
count Jeff simple global news in ashalon
Israel