moving on to the war between Israel and
Hamas US National Security adviser Jake
Sullivan was in Tel Aviv on Thursday
meeting Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu he has reportedly pressured
Israel to lower the intensity of its
military campaign in Gaza but Israel
says it will continue the fighting until
complete Victory Kim Jong has
latest US President Joe Biden's National
Security ad visor Jake Sullivan met
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu on Thursday in Israel well
thank you for having me I'm look very
much looking forward to this meeting and
and you have the support of the United
States as you take on this terrorist
threat but the details of their meeting
haven't been revealed several Us Media
Outlets reported that the US security
adviser brought a message from the US
president pushing Israel to lower the
intensity of military actions in Gaza as
soon as possible Sullivan visit came
just days after Biden said at a
fundraiser that Israel was losing
International support because of what he
called its indiscriminate bombing but
after the meeting the Israeli Prime
Minister hadn't changed his
stance we are more determined than ever
to continue fighting until Hamas is
eliminated until complete
Victory reuer cited a senior Us official
who said solivan would meet the
president of the Palestinian National
Authority Mahmud AB in the West Bank
City of rala on Friday where he will
likely discuss quote ongoing efforts to
revamp and Revitalize the Palestinian
Authority the official added the
Palestinian Authority will look to
ultimately have a role in Gaza meanwhile
at least 179 people had been killed in
Israeli attacks over the past day
according to gaza's Hamas run Ministry
of Health on Thursday the ministry says
the total death toll in Gaza is now more
than 18,7 00 since the War Began on
October 7th Kim news