now the Hamas War it's pushed traders to
cut their exposure to Israeli Assets in
response to worries of retaliation by
Iran and this caused the Israeli
Benchmark stock index and dollar bonds
to fall to their lowest level since last
year Israel's Benchmark ta35 index fell
2.4% on Thursday that's the largest
decline globally and the second day in a
row that it is down over 2% among
Emerging Market Sovereign dollar bonds
Israeli dollar bonds dropped to the most
to their lowest level since November
2023 the market selloff comes after
Israel jumbled navigational signals
above T Aviv in a proactive move to
prevent Iran or its proxies from
launching GPS directed drones or
missiles now following Monday's attack
on a Syrian diplomatic complex Iran has
swor revenge against Israel a growing
number of investors have expressed
concern over the past week that Iran
either directly or through its proxies
Hezbollah and Lebanon may become
involved in the conflict with Hamas
Israeli Prime Minister Benin Netanyahu
is under much more scrutiny than before
as well his administration is currently
the target of the domestic
demonstrations and international
criticism Israeli military Cabinet
member Benny Gans demanded early
elections during a news conference on
Wednesday as
well however despite the latest selloff
Israeli assets have provided resilient
broadly data broadly to the Gaza
conflict and the stock index it's gained
about 6% since the war broke out in
October and the
Israeli shekele has risen 3.7% against
the dollar but the cost to uh ensure
Israeli government debt against default
widely known as credit default swaps
that's sord it's remained elevated since
the start of the
conflict for latest news download the
Von app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel