without the ability for humanitarian
organizations to reach people in need
the situation as I said is only going to
deteriorate for them we know that people
are in desperate need of water desperate
need of food desperate need of all those
things that are are primary for your
survival and yet the the crisis
continues without our ability to reach
them so the the situation is as bad as
we've seen anywhere and the world and we
know in the next days it's going to be
very uh tragic for for many it's not
sufficient at all we do not have the
access that we need both to access Gaza
itself but then within Gaza to be able
to move Commodities to be able to ensure
that our safety of our staff on the
ground we do not have those assurances
at all uh and therefore we cannot access
the people that need the desperate
assistance that we can provide it's it's
it's only going to get worse we know
that food is running low in Gaza in the
shops from our contacts with the the
traders that we've been working with we
know that people are running out of food
very quickly uh we are trying to get
food into Gaza the only route at the
moment is through the Rafa Crossing in
with Egypt but that's very limited and
we do not have the kind of access that
we need to understand and to be able to
provide people with the food that they
need we are planning to scale up our
assistance to reach a about 1.1 million
people uh the Gaza Strip is host to
about 2.1 2.2 million people in our
understanding we know that there
are more all of them are in a desperate
situation and we're trying to reach the
the 1.1 million people that we know are
in desperate need of food
assistance
for