now it's been 2 days since the deadly
explosion at a hospital in Gaza City
where hundreds of lives have been lost
but the truth Still Remains obscured in
a Relentless blame game this is the
moment when the blast took place at Al
Ali Hospital the Hamas controlled
Palestinian authorities promptly blamed
Israel for what they called a deliberate
air strike Israel however denied any
involvement truth has become the
casualty in these conflicting
assertions
the chaos of War has muddled responses
both Israeli and Palestinian authorities
are pointing fingers at each other
Israel's military maintains that an that
a rocket fired by Gaza based militants
caused the explosion it's a claim that
has received the backing of its Western
allies
based on the information we've seen to
date it appears as a result of an errant
rocket fired by a terrorist group in
Gaza the United States unequivocally
stands for the protection of civilian
life during conflict and I grieve I
truly grieve for the families who were
killed or wounded by this
tragedy on SP the the IDF the IDF
released a recording of what it calls an
intercepted conversation between two
Hamas militants acknowledging the
hospital was hit by a projectile fired
by the Palestinian Islamic Jihad weon is
not able to independently verify this
recording but the P has denied any
involvement and blamed Israel for the
Blast by the time Israel made the
evidence public the perception of of its
own responsibility in the attack had
already solidified both in Gaza and
throughout much of the Arab world now
West Bank Lebanon Jordan and turkey in
West Asia are witnessing an outpouring
of public anger protesters were seen
taking to the streets shouting
anti-israel slogans while condemning us
support to
Israel
[Applause]
[Music]
should Palestinian authorities are
pointing to deleted social media posts
that rais suspicions of an Israel's hand
in the attack these posts pertain to
evacuation orders issued by the Israeli
military to 22 hospitals treating over
2,000 patients in the Gaza Strip as part
of an intensified bombing
campaign meanwhile the outrage continues
to sweep the Arab world as protests
around gaza's humanitarian crisis
[Music]
surge