plumes of Smoke Rise over Israel's
northern border with Lebanon as worries
increase about the spillover from
Israel's war with Hamas according to a
Security Source Hezbollah on Wednesday
fired more rockets and weaponized drones
at Israel than it has in any previous
day the Israeli Defense Forces said it
has shot down Rockets identified as
Crossing from Lebanon and released
footage said to show its warplanes
hitting Hezbollah military sites
Israel's emergency Minister Benny Gant
signaled the country could step up its
response to crossb attacks from the Iran
backed militant
group the stopwatch for a diplomatic
solution is running out if the world and
the Lebanese government don't act in
order to prevent the firing on Israel's
Northern residents and to distance
Hezbollah from the border the IDF will
do
it it comes as Palestinian authorities
report a dozens more deaths on Wednesday
with Israel continuing to pound Gaza and
clashing with Palestinians in the West
Bank videos released by The humanitarian
group Palestine red crescent Society
showed chaotic scenes Following air
strikes on Han Yunis in the
South Israel's Army spokesperson Daniel
hagari called Han Yunis a central Terror
base for Hamas and said its forces have
expanded their activity in the area a
Gaza Health Ministry statement said one
of the strikes killed 20 Palestinians
near alal Hospital in
hunis Medics also reported more deaths
in the Central and Northern parts of the
Enclave with residents in central Gaza
saying Israeli tank shelling intensified
as night fell on
Wednesday meanwhile in the occupied West
Bank hundreds of people mourned six
Palestinian young men killed by a drone
strike during an Israeli raid in toam
the Israeli military said its forces
came under attack from militants there
who threw explosive devices at them
during a counterterrorism operation the
attackers were struck by the Israeli Air
Force it said witnesses there say the
six killed were not involved in clashes
with Israeli
forces