now whether it's the hostages held in
Gaza or the Palestinian prisoners in
Israel life for captives on both sides
is the same uncertain and excruciating
and evidence of this is the accounts
that are being shared by captives
released till now during the four days
of the truce the accounts shared by the
hostages and prisoners are eerily
similar let's start with the accounts of
hostages released by Hamas in Hamas
captivity food was limited and amid
constant
bombardments Adar who 85-year-old
grandmother was released by Hamas was
with the first Group shares how her
grandmother had lost considerable
weight Mira Riv a relative of three
hostages said her cousin Karen Mund her
9-year-old son and mother survived only
on Peter bread in the last 4 days of
theq mediat truce Hamas has released 69
Israeli hostages while Israel has freed
150 Palestinian prisoners held by
authorities
the scenes on the other side are no
different here are the accounts of the
Palestinian prisoners released from the
Israeli side 17-year-old Amin Abbasi
spent 13 months in an Israeli prison he
was released on the 26th of November
listening to what he had to
say
another former Palestinian prisoner
Muhammad Abu alas from East Jerusalem
shared the joy he felt upon reuniting
with his family
of
[Music]
despite heavy Israeli police presence
there were scenes of ju jubilation and
tearful reunions the most prominent
Palestinian prisoner released during the
initial 4-day truce was 37-year-old isra
jabis who was released on the 26th of
November in 2015 isra was convicted of
detonating a gas cylinder in her car
that injured an Israeli police officer
she was sentenced to 11 years in prison
armed officials of Israeli security
forces were also present upon her return
home
[Music]
and then there is Palestinian K takka
who reunited with his family after over
a year in
prison
[Music]
for Von is now available in your country
down down the app now get all the news
on the move