Commodities Trader trafigura set on
Saturday he was assessing the security
risks of further Red Sea voyages this
came hours after firefighters put out a
blaze on a tanker attacked by Yemen's
houthi group a day earlier traffic gura
said all crew were safe and the vessel
is now sailing towards a safe
harbor the US military said a US Navy
ship and other vessels provided
assistance after the Marlin Luanda was
hit
trafigura said firefighting effort had
been supported by Indian us and french
navy
vessels the houthis claimed
responsibility for this attack on Friday
Marco foron is the director general for
The Institute of export and
international trade so the attack on the
Marlin Luanda in the Gulf of Aiden
signify a great extension and escalation
from the Red Sea to the Gulf of Aiden so
geographical extension and also with the
type of weapons the the missile used
yesterday was a ballistic missile and
the houthi started their attacks in the
Red Sea using drones uh so we're seeing
a technological expansion and a
geographical extension some shipping
companies have suspended transits
through the Red Sea and taken much
longer costlier Journeys around Africa
to avoid being attacked by Yemen's
iranian-backed houthi
group it began launching waves of
exploding drones and missiles at vessels
in November in response to Israel's
military operations in
Gaza the Marshall Islands flagged Marlin
leanda issued a distress call on Friday
and reported damage us Central Command
said in a post on X formerly Twitter a
trafigura spokesperson on Friday said
the tanker was carrying Russian oil
product below the price cap in line with
G7
sanctions about 8 hours after the Marin
Luanda incident the US Military
destroyed a houy anti-ship missile that
was aimed into the Red Sea and ready to
launch Central Command
said