well now we are moving our Focus to the
ongoing war in the western Asia well the
Israel versus Hamas War has entered its
ninth day today and there seems to be no
end to the devastation now the death
toll continues to rise Israel Defense
Forces have eliminated Alik Kachi the
commander of the nakba force Kachi had
led the Hamas Massacre that killed more
than 1300 Israelis since 7th of October
Israel's Chief military spokesman said
that Israeli military is going to strike
Gaza City very soon IDF continues its
efforts to evacuate the residents of the
Gaza Strip meanwhile an agreement has
been reached to allow the foreigners to
exit Gaza through Rafa Border Crossing
into Egypt alasam brigades the military
wing of Hamas has said that nine more
hostages including four foreigners were
killed in Israeli
shelling this is a zakimi
uh you know military location of Israel
which has been the home of one of the
largest uh you know massing of soldiers
and tanks and armored vehicles which
have been uh targeting Gaza stretch or
the locations of Hamas and our camera
person could show you very well the the
number of vehicles that have just passed
from here lines of Tanks which passed
which rolled out from the places which
where they were actually located and
deployed and they we had been covered uh
this place for a few days now and every
day we saw intermittent firing from the
Israeli side targeting locations of
Hamas across Gaza uh the situation of
ground uh is very tense because Israeli
military Israeli defense system is now
taking hold of the entire situation
which was breached last week we have
seen uh you know hundreds of apparently
terrorists from Hamas encourging into
the Israel settlement in southern Israel
and targeting people across without you
know people without arm people unarmed
unassuming people just going around for
their own normal simple life and they
were targeted indiscriminate firing
happened and several hundreds of
civilians have been killed since then uh
now the situation looks like Israeli
forces are preparing for a major ground
offensive aial strikes we have already
seen have been going on for the last 78
days uh in the Gaza in the Gaza stretch
and targeting several Hamas
locations