in London's oldest koser Bakery
attention is mostly on pastries over
politics but this is the heart of
Stanford Hills Jewish community and a
new row about anti-Semitism in the labor
party is creating a
stir its owner says that Karma has made
progress repairing relations with the
Jewish Community definitely he's changed
a lot um since he's came in K since he
came in place where he is now um things
have been much better than Corin if we
can trust him I mean he's going in the
right direction do you think there's
still work for him to do with his party
I think so in every party there
is two Labor candidates have now been
suspended by the party following
anti-Semitism allegations one is
awaiting an
investigation it took two days for labor
to drop Azar Ali the Rochdale candidate
after initially standing by him when it
emerged he said Israel had allowed Hamas
to conduct its attack on October the 7th
to heal this indecision has frustrated
Community leaders if he cares about
anti-Semitism he should deal with it
with it fairly and squarely not toss and
turn flip and flop he needs to be a
leader and do what he says and act in a
consequential manner and not keep on
changing his
position the wavering of the past few
days has reopened wounds with the Jewish
community that K stama has tried
desperately to heal but the Muslim
Community is also watching closely a
strong labor base who increasingly feel
that their vote is being taken for
granted Muhammad Zena runs the north
London Muslim Community Center and is a
labor member he believes the party's
refusal to back calls for a ceasefire in
Gaza has been deeply damaging I would go
up to 60 to 70% of people who vote voted
labor will not vote for labor I um being
a labor party member found it very
difficult to vote for labor the Muslim
Community don't trust labor full stop it
doesn't really matter uh who the
candidate is or was I think they're
gearing up um the Muslim Community is
gearing up for to support an alternative
party with labor 20 points ahead in the
polls this isn't yet an electoral crisis
but this new reformed labor party is
being tested G PR n on Sky News Stanford
Hill