a cypriate rescue coordination Center
could soon be tracking Aid shipments to
Gaza the 15-hour journey laid out for
the president of the European commission
we are launching this Cypress Maritime
Corridor together Cyprus the European
Union the United Arab Emirates and the
United States the Cyprus Maritime
Corridor aims at scaling up a by
complimenting other routs that include
the all important Rafa Crossing Point
unlocking all possible routes to get Aid
into Gaza is the goal airdrops haven't
eased the crisis nor have land Crossings
the materials are there but the trucks
aren't moving as needed according to
this video recorded by the head of the
Norwegian Refugee Council cu the system
is completely broken shipments by sea
could get huge quantities of Aid to
those in desperate need quickly as part
of his State of the Union Address the US
president announced the building of a
temporary Pier off the coast of Gaza
that can receive large shipments
carrying food water medicine and
temporary shelters Israel welcomed the
initiative according to a statement by
the spokesperson for the Ministry of
Foreign Affairs but it stated the aid
would move after Security checks are
carried out in accordance with Israeli
standards that could lead to similar
backlogs like those at land Crossings
and it would will take time to build a
peer I think it's one a sign that the
world knows just how desperate the
situation has become in Gaza but I also
think it's a sign that that they don't
see a ceasefire is likely to happen soon
with widespread hunger especially in the
north President Biden called on Israel
to do its part saying Aid must not be a
secondary consideration or a bargaining
chip Crystal Ganson Global News London