St Bing Gaza for the organizers the
Palestine solidarity campaign the day
was a huge
[Applause]
success according to them bigger than
last week's protest by 100,000 Marchers
again they were calling for a ceasefire
in the Israel Hamas conflict they've
completely cut off all Communications in
Gaza we have no idea what's happening it
is now darkness and the people there are
being massacred and the fact that the
world leaders are still supporting this
we're calling to end we're calling for a
Seas fire immediately what do you think
of events overnight the escalation
atrocious and it's a it's a war crime
and the the the countries across the
world are doing nothing about it it's
it's inhumane for the police relief only
a few arrests and no serious
trouble violence flared near Downing
Street where Marchers encountered two
unrelated protests a man was arrested
after an assault on a police officer
near waterl where demonstrators staged a
sit in a man was arrested after
allegedly shouting racist remarks and
threats to kill police were trying to
identify more suspects two women
pictured at Trafalga Square an
allegation of a hate crime it's been a
delicate Balancing Act for police
allowing protest and freedom of speech
but promising to clamp down on anybody
inciting religious or racial hatred
and knowing that officers are under
great
scrutiny fireworks were set off near
Parliament a horse lept up and knocked
over a woman but she wasn't hurt it's
thought this was the biggest ever Pro
Palestinian March in the UK for any such
public order event remarkable there was
so little trouble later demonstrat has
rallied outside Downing Street
condemning the UK government's weapon
supplies to isra
and its failure to join them in calls
for a ceasefire Martin brunt Sky News
Westminster