it has been 100 days since Hamas
Fighters launched a terrorist incursion
into Israel killing 1,20 people and
kidnapping about 240 others at least 105
of them have been released since the
October 7 incursion but many are still
being held captive and missed by their
loved ones present without food without
light without water without any Human
Condition
Israel's air and ground military
operations in Gaza which aim to destroy
the militant group have killed an
estimated 24,000 Palestinians a large
percentage of them women and children
according to the Hamas Ron Health
Ministry in Gaza more than 85% of gaza's
population of 2.3 million have been
displaced among them heab backer who is
six months
pregnant I will have a child I'm worried
about my due date where am I going to
give birth how will they treat me when I
give
birth from the Vatican Pope Francis
renewed his calls for
peace War itself is a crime against
humanity people need peace the world
needs
peace demonstrations in Rome London and
Washington over the weekend also demand
an end to the war but Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is not
bowing to public
pressure at this moment what comes first
is to cover the expenses of the war and
to allow us to conduct the war in the
coming year and complete it including
the elimination of Hamas including the
return of our
hostages on Saturday Haman a senior
official with Hamas which is a US
designated terror group said the
captives are being taken care of he also
referred to a deal that Israel said it
had brokered with Qatar to deliver
medicines for the
hostages we are ke to treat them but we
will treat them with whatever medicine
is available to reaches our people and
here we thank our brothers and Kar took
the initiative to send
with no end to the conflict inside rally
goers in Tel Aviv stood in silence for
100 Second Sunday representing the
number of days hostages have been held
captive houses in civil and Commercial
activities were also announced by
Israel's labor union Federation marking
the solemn Benchmark in the war Veronica
Valas vaa
news