well also covering this story for us
today is Andrew hilia he's in Jerusalem
and I spoke to him earlier
on it's very hard to uh verify
information coming out of the Gaza Strip
as you know there are no International
observers very few uh journalists on the
ground Hamas is saying 104 people were
killed at the alifa hospital which is
near nearby where that incident took
place says 50 people uh were killed at
least now it happened this morning just
west of Gaza City after to the arrival
of an aid Convoy now the Israeli Army
saying that a group of Palestinians
rushed towards that Aid Convoy to get
their hands on much needed humanitarian
Aid uh they say that people surrounded
the a trucks there was a crush people
were injured uh then the ID the IDF is
saying that a group of threatening
individuals approach soldiers and they
responded by opening fire aiming at
people's legs they have opened an
investigation but what the IDF is saying
at this stage is that they believe the
majority of people uh were killed uh
when they were either crushed or
trampled on Hamas is saying uh they died
after they were targeted by the IDF uh
you know and this all of course coming
on top of another Grim Milestone today
more than 30,000 Palestinians killed the
majority of them women and children
since October that's according to Hamas
the humanitarian situation in Northern
Gaza and Gaza across Gaza as well can
only be described as simply catastrophic
just yesterday today uh just over 30 a
trucks made it to the northern part of
the territory providing Palestinians
with much needed uh relief the UN says
that before this week they hadn't been
able to get a major Aid delivery to the
north of the territory for at least uh a
month now Aid convoys have been targeted
by gangs the food has been uh sold on
the black market otherwise the the
convoys have been targeted by people who
are simply starving and desperate to get
their hands on food you know there has
in have in the meantime being attempts
to get Aid to Aid to people with air
drops but it simply isn't enough to meet
the needs of those people the only real
way to do that efficiently is is
Overland um but of course in a territory
where Law and Order has simply broken
down that greatly complicates the work
of the UN and uh Aid
agencies