more Gaza hostages were freed on
Wednesday as mediators raised to broker
another extension to the truth between
Israel and Hamas and of course this
hours before it was due to expire
underscoring the urgency US Secretary of
State Anthony blinkin arrived in Israel
for talks on aid for Gaza and the troops
but in a sign of the challenges facing
the negotiators a Hamas Source stated
that the militant group were not
satisfied with Israel's proposals for
another
extension now as per media reports
Israel's war cabinet was meeting late
Wednesday over proposals to extend the
truth speaking to news agency AFP Hamas
sour expressed dissatisfaction regarding
the proposals and the discussions to
extend the truth as talks continued 10
Israeli hostages arrived in Israel among
them were five women three children and
two 18-year-old men another four thigh
hostages were also released along with
two women holding dual Russian and
Israeli citizenship outside the terms of
the deal now the release of the two
women was described by Hamas as an
recognition of the efforts of Russian
President Vladimir
Putin in return according to Kat foreign
Ministry Israel released 30 Palestinians
14 women and 16 minors that is alongside
emotional reunions there were fresh
reminders of the tragic Stakes of the
conflict Israel's Army stated it was
probing a report by Hamas that a month
old baby who was held hostage his
four-year-old brother and their mother
had all been killed in the bombing in
Gaza in a statement it is said that it
is assessing the accuracy of the
information with tensions High the
Palestinian Health Ministry in the West
Bank stated the Israeli Army shot and
killed an 8-year-old boy and a teenager
the military said troops had responded
with live fire after explosive devices
had been Hur at them the world food
program has warned gaza's population
faces a high risk of famine if the
humanitarian organization is not able to
provide continued access to
food the spokesperson for the Hamas ran
territories Health Ministry said doctors
found five premature babies dead in
gaza's al- Naser
[Music]
Hospital
according to the UN an estimated 1.7
million Palestinians in Gaza have been
forced to leave their homes so far more
than half the territory's
population Theon is now available in
your country download the app now get
all the news on the move