[Music]
the israeli navy has intercepted an aid
vessel on its way to break the gaza
blockade and rerouted it to the port
city of ash HOD according to the israeli
navy the passengers on board these I
Turner Olivia showed no resistance when
their ship was boarded a spokesperson
for the woman's boat to gaza says the
intercept happened about 80 kilometres
off the coast of gaza in international
waters let's get the latest on this
story from RM sellers who is at the port
of Ashdod in israel great to have you
with us now the boat has obviously been
intercepted by the Israeli Navy what
happens next
it's been assumed that Israel and Navy
forces is rotate the ship the boat to
the Israeli port of Ashdod so we are
still waiting for it we are still
waiting for the Freedom Flotilla who are
heading to Ashdod instead of Gaza Strip
actually we heard about it there is some
preparations and the Gaza Strip has a
coastal for welcoming the boat but
unfortunately they couldn't succeed it
so in the in the recently hours and
becoming upcoming hours we are waiting
it to arrive and the port of a student
after that the activists 13 activists
who are heading to Gaza and now they are
coming to Ashdod will be under
investigation by the Israeli forces I
guess one of the main reasons that this
is making headlines around is that
Israel has a history of handling these
kind of situations poorly the Marvel
marmara incident for example in two
thousand and tennyson obvious example 10
people were killed and others injured
Turkey and Israel have only just mended
their ties over that after Israel paid
20 million dollars to Turkey so how what
are you hearing on the ground in terms
of how Israel is handling this situation
actually this is the legal policy of
Israel they are insisting they are
reserving the right to stop all of the
ships who are coming to Gaza coastal
they captured it they intercepted the
boat and two and half hours ago at 25
new nautical miles away and the
international waters that is what
Israeli Defense Forces set in a real in
a legal statement they said so in the
next future the boats who will come
later if there will be any they will
they will see the same behavior from
Israeli forces Iran sellers in the
Israeli port of Ashdod thank you for the
update
[Music]