well gazin are hungry and desperate for
Aid they want to return home but there's
no Home worth mentioning ceasefire
efforts are underway but for the gazin
nothing has changed 200 days into the
war it is only getting worse by the
minute in the latest US military vessels
are in the Mediterranean region they
have been told to stand by as us
prepares to start construction of the
temporary peer off the coast of
Gaza the construction will help
strengthen supplies to the coastal
territory devastated by over 6 months of
Israeli bombings and ground operations
against Hamas militants leaving the
civilian population in need of
humanitarian
help as I mentioned uh right now we're
on track uh to see the temporary Pier uh
be operational either at the end of the
this month or in early
May well here's what we know about the
huge logistical exercise according to
the Pentagon the plan includes two
components that need to be assembled a
big floating dock of Steel segments and
a Twan Causeway and Pier the causeway
will have interconnected steel pieces
linked together and attached to the
shore cargo ship delivers supplies to
the dock and the aid is offloaded onto
uh the the smaller vessels known as
logistic support vessels or lsvs and
then taken to the paer from there
Vehicles will drive the supplies onto
land and into Gaza even though US
President Joe Biden first announced the
plan in early March the procedure may
take up to 60 days before the
construction
begins in general terms I would say uh
that we would expect to be able to
deliver Aid within days um you know of
course and I will caveat this by saying
I don't have anything to announce right
now in terms of what that Aid could look
like us officials have also said that
the effort will not involve boots on the
ground in Gaza but American troops will
come close to the territory as they
build the pier for which Israeli forces
are to provide security on the ground
[Music]
oh
[Music]