I have just come back from Israeli
detention
hi my name is Ellen Hansen and I am a
human rights activist from Gothenburg
Sweden
seeing this with my own eyes
experiencing this firsthand it just
makes me more determined to show the
world what Israel is doing
now we were 12 peace activists on our
boats a small sailing vessel so 37
nautical miles from Gaza around 12 votes
approached us they took over our votes
they confiscated our
passports and our personal belongings
they body searched us
they had a medical check-up and it
separates us women from the men we were
then taken into the
immigration centre we got security
checks over and over again we were body
searched over and over again and we were
threatened to give our
fingerprints and our optical scanning
and also they threatened us to sign this
document where we agree to the facts
that we have illegally entered Israel I
then told them that you have taken me
here I had no absolutely no intention to
go to Israel I was on my way to Gaza if
you want to deport me anywhere you
should deport me to Gaza we sat in
prison for four days in total with a
huge amount of different person guards
managers personnel that all lied to us
that all try to manipulate us to sign
this documents and most of documents
there were documents all the time most
of the documents are in Hebrew he can
cuffed me and brought me very brutally
to a bus that was waiting for us outside
we were flown against our will in the
morning early morning on the 8th and
arrived in Stockholm in the afternoon
there is no way to imagine how
Palestinians
experienced their treatment by Israel
and that is why we have to use ourselves
we have to use our tools to change the
world to change how people see reality
we will continue sailing nothing is
going to keep us back Israeli occupation
force can be ready because we will come
again and again and again until the
blockade is unconditionally lifted
you
[Music]