our top Focus will be on right now US
President Joe Biden says that a
ceasefire and a hostage deal in Gaza
will hopefully come into effect by
Monday negotiators from Egypt Qatar the
US and France are working with the
Waring sides Israel and Hamas for weeks
now they are working to clinch a Deal
Seeking a halt to the 5 Monon long
fighting which has claimed more than
30,000 lives so far
a deal could also include the exchange
of dozens of hostages for several
hundred Palestinian detainees held by
Israel in New York Biden was asked when
such an agreement might start Biden
responded by saying a deal is very
closed and that he hopes that a
ceasefire will be achieved by
Monday well negotiators are hoping to
secure a truce between Israel and Hamas
before the Muslim holy month of
Ramadan I hope by the the beginning of
the weekend I mean the end of the
weekend at least my my my National
Security advisor tells me that we're
close we're close it's not done yet and
My Hope Is by next Monday we'll have a
ceas
fire Israeli Prime Minister Benin
Netanyahu had early dismissed The Troop
withdrawal demand as delusional he says
any ceasefire deal would only delay a
military incursion into the southern
Gaza City of Rafa around 1.4 million
Palestinians have sought shelter in Rafa
as Israeli forces took down other Gaza
cities the Israeli forces marched into
Gaza days after the Hamas militants
launched the October 7th attack on
Israel nearly 12200 people were killed
in Israel and more than 250 were taken
hostage 130 hostages 31 of them are
presumed
dead after a onee truce in November it
helped secure the release of other
hostages as well Hamas run Gaza Health
Ministry says that over 29,000 people
have been killed in the Israeli
Onslaught that followed after the
October 7th attacks
[Music]