one of the most haunting scenes to
emerge from the Hamas attack on Israel
was the kidnapping of this couple
footage of the captured woman Noah
aramani has since emerged but the fate
of so many other hostages is unknown as
many Israeli and other of different
nationalities are held hostage we are
committed to bring them back how and
when Israel attempts that is key the
armed wing of Hamas is threatening to
start killing hostages if more Gaz and
civilians die in air strikes Hamas also
claims four hostages have died from
Israeli missiles hitting Gaza Qatar and
reportedly Egypt are involved in talks
to mediate for a prisoner exchange but
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu will not want to be seen to
make any concessions something of this
scale and of this type has simply never
happened before so we cannot look at any
kind of of precedent and try to evaluate
or assess what Israel's response could
be there definitely will be significant
pressure on Netanyahu to take a hard
line as Israel mobilizes 300,000
reservists a ground operation into Gaza
seems likely and I think what you're
going to see here is a multi-layered or
multi-pronged approach which is going to
create a massive smoke screen for the
smaller more specialized intelligence
and hostage rescue assets Canadian Aaron
Cohen served with Israel's special
operations units what we're seeing here
in my professional opinion is the
largest and most significant hostage
Siege in the history of Modern Warfare
the good news is that Israel mastered
the Playbook Cohen points to Israel's
1976 raid on inbe rescuing most of the
more than 100 Israeli hostages held in a
Ugandan airport going into Gaza however
could be more difficult the key element
is is getting their UND detected and the
word that we use is deception the longer
Israel waits to to conduct those
immediate action hostage rescue raids
the more difficult it is to find them
extracting hostages from densely
populated Gaza would almost certainly
see some civilians killed possibly
hostage casualties too for Israel there
is no good option Redmond Channon Global
News London