now the war between Israel and Hamas has
long troubled International experts when
it comes to the laws of proportion
according to the current estimate by
Israeli Army two gazin have been killed
for every Hamas militant now a former
British Army Commander explained the
current proportion in Israel and Hamas
war with other Wars and conflicts listen
to
this the IDF are currently estimating
civilian to combatant Cas r IO in this
war at around 2:1 that means two
civilians killed for every fighter
killed by comparison the UN estimates
that the civilian to combatant death
ratio in conflicts since the second
world war averages nine civilians to
every combatant in Iraq estimates
suggest US forces killed three civilians
for every combatant and in Afghanistan
between 3 and 5 to1 in previous
conflicts in Gaza the IDF has achieved a
significantly more favorable casualy
ratio generally between 0.6 to1 and
2:1 it's still awful but much better
than most if not all other armies
engaged in
combat earlier IDF spokesperson called
the ratio of killings in Gaza positive
however this received a backlash from
the United Nations over
16,200 people have been killed in Gaza
since the outbreak of the war while over
1,200 people were killed in
Israel while the October 7th terror
attack launched by Hamas in southern
Israel shocked the world and was
condemned globally but ever since
Israeli attacks raised concerns over
loss of lives in Gaza several critics
have criticized the Netanyahu government
for the ongoing conflict as they compare
the death stroll of previous conflicts
between Israel and Palestine with the
current War much of the north of Gaza
has been reduced to Rubble over 1.9
million people have been displaced
towards the South and this comprises of
80% this comprises over 80% of the
population the total population is 2.3
million and 1.9 million are displaced
refugee camps schools and places of
worship all the places have come under
Israeli bombardment in
Gaza
[Music]
been