now there are signs of rapid changes in
the battlefield in the Israel Hamas War
this even as the Israeli Army
spokesperson warned that the war on the
besieged enclaves Hamas rulers will
continue throughout
2024 the IDF spokesperson said there are
plans to shift tactics and cut back on
troop numbers in the
first draw down since the War Began
almost 3 months ago now Israel has
pulled back tanks out of some distance
districts in Gaza City and it is also
withdrawing some forces from Gaza to
shift to more targeted operations
against Hamas militants now Israel is
partially returning reservists to
civilian life to help the economy as the
war looks set to last well into the new
year since launching the war in
retaliation for the crossb Hamas Rampage
2 months ago Israeli officials have said
that they would wage the war in three
three main stages the first was intense
shelling to clear access routes for
ground forces and encourage civilians to
evacuate the second was the invasion
that began on October 27th with tanks
and troops having now overun much of the
Gaza Strip largely asserting control
despite Palestinian gunmen continuing
their ambush from hidden tunnels and
bunkers according to an Israeli official
the military is now moving to third
stage which is to a more localized quote
unquote mopping up
operations the change in shifting
Tactics come as the US Navy announced
the US's Gerald RF for aircraft carrier
strike group will be heading back to
America and months after being deployed
in West Asia to provide protection for
Israel on the sea the four and the USS
Dwight D Eisen aircraft carriers have
been part of a two carrier presence
bracketing the Israel Hamas War
underscoring us concerns that the
conflict will widen the Ford and its
accompanying warships will be replaced
by the amphibious assault ship the USS
puton and its accompanying warship the
US's Mesa V and the US's
CLE