I'm from where Messi is
from it was these words that 90-year-old
Esther cunio credits for saving her
during the October the 7th Rampage
moments earlier two Palestinian gunmen
had invaded her home in southern Israel
near the Gaza
border kunio who was born in Argentina
but lives in kabut near Oz spoke about
her horrifying encounter in a new
documentary called voses dect Latino
stories of
survival as the two Intruders demanded
to know where her family was she told
them she couldn't speak Arabic only
Argentine Spanish she said they asked
what Argentina was so seizing the moment
she mentioned it was LEL mess's Home
Country so I tell him do you watch
soccer he then says to me yes yes I like
soccer so I say to him I'm from where
Messi is from then he replies Messi I
like
Messi then a surreal moment
happened he put my hand like this right
here he gave the revolver to me the
shotgun he put his hand like this and
they took the picture of us and well
then they left this
the picture of Kuno with an AK-47 on her
lap sitting next to a Palestinian
militant went viral on social
media in another part of Israel's near o
kun's grandsons were taken hostage Kuno
says she awaits return of her golden
boys and now I hope that Messi knows
that I mentioned him and because of him
I was
saved
now I would ask for my grandchildren for
my two grandchildren who are locked up
in Gaza I would tell him to please pray
to God to send them to him because there
are kids who are worth gold one David
and the other Ariel
kunio the Hamas attack on October the
7th sparked the devastating war in Gaza
that has raged for more than 5 months
Argentina Peru and Mexico have said
co-nationals of their countries have
been either killed or kidnapped in the
conflict