first the Israeli Army says it has found
weapons and other combat equipment
inside the shifa hospital in Northern
Gaza the Army is continuing its military
operation there this Thursday both
Israel and its top Ally the United
States say Hamas has a command center
below the alshifa complex which is the
biggest Hospital complex in Gaza the
Palestinian militant group and directors
at the hospital have denied that charge
saying the claims of weapons found
inside the complex are false
ABC correspondent Jordana Miller in
Jerusalem told us more now about the
raid the Israeli forces are still
operating uh in pointed targeted areas
of the alifa hospital it's not an
operation uh that has ended and from we
what we heard from the head of the
Israeli Army uh the spokesperson Daniel
hagari it appears that the forces are
going to be there uh for some time uh
continuing to collect what they call
evidence that Hamas used the hospital uh
for military purposes uh which according
to international law uh forces this you
know the hospital then no longer has
kind of protection special protection uh
that is why the Israeli forces went in
now they found uh a several uh automatic
weapons there live grenades they found
uh fatigues with Hamas military Wing
Insignia um and these are items that
simply wouldn't be at the hospital for
any other purpose than if Fighters were
there uh storing them now this was just
one section uh a an MRI uh facility that
obviously is not being used right now um
but the real core of hamas's operations
according to Israel according to
American intelligence as well is
underneath uh the the shifa hospital uh
basement and uh what they believe could
have been bunkers that were built out uh
and those are areas that Israel hasn't
even really touched yet so as uh the uh
spokesman for the Israeli Army said what
they found they believe is just really
the tip of the
iceberg it's also important to say that
Israel went in this is a large complex
with six or more buildings Israel
operated in one area and there were no
uh no harm was done to any of the
patients or staff uh there were some uh
people who were questioned and some
taken into custody Israel says they
found at least one Hamas member on uh
the premises