Gaza is in focus and for different
reasons one the civilians who have
nowhere to go they're constantly being
targeted hundreds already have suffered
died are missing or severely injured
buildings have been targeted where the
Hamas uses Terror hideouts of Civilian
areas but also spare a thought for the
hostages who were abducted women
children elderly from Israel different
nationalities who are 12 days on still
captive and still in as being held as
hostage by Hamas no news about their
whereabouts take a look at this
report no fuel no power cut off from
water
supplies and exposed to unseizing air
strikes
Rescuers and survivors digging through
the rubble in the hope of finding anyone
alive but we are afraid we are waiting
for death waiting for a time to come
look here are the martyrs they took them
out as scattered bodies they came out in
pieces they told them to leave the North
and South to Die the south is safe but
it is not
safe more than 2,000 700 Palestinians
many of them women and children have
been killed since October 7th in
Gaza many believe to be trapped under
the depri on Tuesday Israel bombed areas
of Southern Gaza where Palestinians took
Refuge heavy attacks outside the
southern cities of Rafa and Kan Yunis
left dozens
injured
more than a million Palestinians have
fled their homes till now roughly half
of gaza's population most of them now in
the 14 km area south of the evacuation
Zone the 35-year-old Sama aob a mother
of four shared her anguish at magazi
refugee
camp we are get up every morning
suffering from water and no water for my
children no and very very
um noisy uh from uh
bombs the US secured an agreement with
Israel to discuss creation of a
mechanism for delivering Aid to the
territories 2.3 million people but there
is no deal in place on the ground as of
late Tuesday Israel wants guarantees
that Hamas militants would not seize any
supplies with Ramy almari from Gaza
Bureau report India
today