gazin sought refuge in bombed out
hospitals as Israel vowed to press other
in its war with Hamas now Aid groups
have warned off the apocalyptic
humanitarian situation in the territory
saying that it is close to being
overwhelmed by disease and starvation
now on Sunday the World Health
organization's executive board adopted a
resolution on tackling the worsening
health situation in the Gaza Strip and
calling for immediate and impended
unimpeded humanitarian access the
resolution proposed by Afghanistan
Morocco Qatar and Yemen called for the
granting of exit permits for patients
and supply of Essential Medical Aid in
the Gaza Strip The Who Chief also
announced that the group and its
Partners in Gaza managed to deliver
essential trauma and surgical supplies
to gaza's Al Ali hospital to cover the
needs of 1500 people as well as transfer
19 critical
patients on the other hand on Tuesday
the United Nations General Assembly is
likely to vote on a draft resolution
demanding an immediate humanitarian Seas
fire in the Gaza Strip now the potential
vote will follow Us's veto of a UAE Le
un Security Council resolution that
called for a ceasefire in Gaza on Friday
the US Secretary of the State has urged
Israel to do more to protect Palestinian
civilians in its War with Hamas Lincoln
said that Israel needs to put a premium
on protecting Gaza civilians and making
sure humanitarian assistance can reach
those who need it now this comes as most
Americans are unhappy with their
President Joe Biden's handling of the
Israel Gaza war and according to a new
poll published by US News Outlet 46% of
Americans believe that the Biden
Administration is making no impact on a
peaceful resolution in the war and just
last week Senators gathered to to vote
against a bill that would provide
billions of dollars to Ukraine and
Israel Us's independent senator of
Vermont went against party lines to say
that it would be irresponsible for the
United States to give Netanyahu another
10 billion to continue to wage this
awful War meanwhile Ki prime minister
said that mediation efforts are also
continuing to secure a new Gaza
ceasefire and free more hostages held by
Hamas despite the ongoing Israeli
bombardment that is narrowing the window
for a successful
[Music]
outcome