this is an ABC News special
report I'm with Johnson in New York
there is breaking news from the Middle
East on the release of more hostages and
the second day of that ceasefire between
Israel and Hamas let's go to ABC's Matt
Gutman in Tel Aviv Matt what are you
learning wait just moments ago a convoy
of the Red Cross bearing 13 Israelis and
a number of foreigners crossed out of
Gaza and into Egypt on the way to Israel
we understand that they eight Israeli
miners in that Convoy including the
youngest is a three-year-old this of
course paves the way for the next two
phases of this hostage release and for
the release of 39 Palestinians mostly
teenagers from Israeli jails to the West
Bank but it was a roller coaster of a
night for those hostages Hamas arrived
at the rendevu point with the Red Cross
but then they said that Israel had not
fulfilled its side of the agreement and
there was a 7-hour standoff right there
in Han Yunis in southern Gaza at at that
point the US cter and Egypt got involved
to mediate finally Hamas relented
allowing those hostages to go to Israel
they're now going to be met in Israel by
a team of doctors psychologists and
after a few hours they'll be able to be
reunited with their family members with
Matt Gutman thank you once again Hamas
releasing a second round of hostages
following that ceasefire
agreement hi everyone George
Stephanopoulos here thanks for checking
out the ABC News YouTube channel if
you'd like to get more videos show
highlights and watch live event coverage
click on the right over here to
subscribe to our Channel and don't
forget to download the ABC News app for
breaking news alerts thanks for
watching