Israel has reportedly agreed to
concessions in ceasefire talks held in
Egypt but tensions remain high as Hamas
does not want to strike a deal Israeli
officials have revealed that in the
ongoing ceasefire negotiations Israel
has shown willingness to allow the
return of Palestinians to the north of
Gaza without Security checks however
they have expressed skepticism about
hamas's commitment to reaching a deal
under a proposal put forward by the
United States Israel would permit the
return of approximately 150,000
Palestinians to North Gaza while Hamas
would be required to provide a list of
hostages including women elderly and
sick individuals still held captive
prime minister Benjamin netanyahu's
office has refrained from commenting on
the specifics of the negotiations
meanwhile Hamas has indicated that the
latest proposal passed on by the
Egyptian and Qatari mediators does not
fully meet their demands though they
have pled to review it further before
responding in the sth month of the war
Hamas wants an end to the Israeli
military offensive a withdrawal of
Israeli forces from Gaza and permission
for displac Palestinians to return home
with tensions remaining high in the
region Israel continues to push for the
release of the hostages seized by Hamas
in its October 7 crossb Rampage it says
it will not end the war until Hamas no
longer controls Gaza or threatens Israel
militarily Israel pulled back most of
its ground forces from Southern Gaza
this week after months of fighting but
still says it plans to launch an assault
on Rafa on gaza's Southern border with
Egypt where more than half of gazans are
now Sheltering more than 33,000
Palestinians have been killed since the
Israeli offensive began according to the
Gaza Health Ministry with most of the
2.3 million population displaced and
much of the Enclave laid to
waste