a simmering anger finally boils over
every week for months Israelis have been
Gathering to demand the release of the
hostages still held in Gaza outside the
knesset on Sunday their protests
escalated during the biggest March yet
they blocked the road and lit fires to
show their Fury at the government as the
war in Gaza approaches the six-month
Mark as well as the release of the
hostages they have a second demand prime
minister Benyamin Netanyahu must go this
is my country I was born here and the
it's being destroyed by our prime
minister people are being killed in Gaza
ER Palestinians are being killed I'm
against this war I'm against this death
from every side when Netanyahu wants
something he knows how to get it the
fact that there is no a hostage deal
still means that he doesn't want it yet
it's because he knows that once the bo
is over and the hostages are back all
the people here and many many many more
will H go after his head and demand that
he and his bad government will will uh
will resign in a video address on Sunday
Netanyahu told Israelis he understood
the pain of the hostages families but
amid the demands for a ceasefire he
doubled down on his determination to
press on with the war in Gaza and stay
in
office calls for immediate elections in
the midst of War just before Victory
would paralyze Israel for at least 6
months if not eight it would paralyze
negotiations for the release of our
hostages it would bring an end to the
war before we have achieved our
objectives and the first to benefit
would be Hamas yeah Hamas the families
of the hostages aren't buying it they're
promising to turn their until now weekly
protests into daily ones repeating the
same demands until they're heard