welcome back it is day number 34 of the
Israel Hamas War and the Israeli ground
forces have entered the heart of Gaza
City Israeli forces are on a search and
destroy mission in Gaza after a number
of Palestinians fled Northern Gaza
yesterday Israel continues to Pound The
Enclave with its intensified ground and
air offensive tanks troops and
bulldozers uh through the rubble of
hamas's Terror infrastructure while
Israel's Air Warriors continue air
offensive uh to track and eliminate
Hamas properties and operatives the idea
of destroyed hamas's weapons production
unit deep in the Gaza Strip eliminating
terrorists and directing aircraft to
attack Terror infrastructure an idea
fighter jet Guided by the intelligence
of the shinb and Aman destroyed Abu Zen
Warehouse which served as the head of
the industries and weapons department at
Hamas production headquarters the
warehouse and the chief of weapons and
Industry Mosen Abu Zena both of uh both
were eliminated in the strike according
to the details Abu Zena served as one of
hamas's leading weapon developers and
was an expert in developing strategic
weapons and Rockets used by Hamas
terrorists in fact his Department which
went Kaboom facilitated the arming of
Hamas in the current conflict the ground
operations are progressing on a war
footing IDF has intensified its
door-to-door search operation in Gaza
and during their operations they
uncovered tunnel shafts near a unws
school the troops of the 460th Brigade
with engineering forces found a number
of tunnel entrances next to a structure
with car batteries which are thought to
be hooked up to the tunnels air
filtration
system
[Music]
fore
oh yeah
[Applause]
go
[Applause]
[Applause]
for
[Applause]
[Applause]
fore