there is word an American citizen who
for a long time was believed to be a
hostage was instead killed in the attack
on Israel by Hamas on October 7th his
body held by Hamas in Gaza ever since
Matt Gman from Israel Tonight Tonight
the IDF announcing dual citizen iten one
of several American hostages believed
alive in Gaza was actually killed in
fighting during hamas's October 7th
Rampage Hamas then taking the
19-year-old solders body into Gaza in
the weeks after the attack we spoke to
his father Ruby are you hopeful that you
will ever see your son again oh that's
no no option to think otherwise I am
positive that I will see him back again
with the hostage release and ceasefire
deal stalling Last Week Tonight Israel's
prime minister again insisting that
Israel will invade the southern gazen
city of Rafa 1.5 million people are
seeking shelter and hunger is epidemic
that is Aid to Gaza now arriving from
Land Air and sea for the first time a
ship is in route to deliver Aid directly
to Gaza working in coordination with the
Israeli military the NGO World Central
Kitchen is sending 200 tons of rice
beans flour and proteins set to arrive
as early as tomorrow our team in Gaza
filming trucks carrying landfill to
Northern Gaza to build this makeshift
Anchorage once this gets there it'll be
off lifted by a Crane it'll be put on
trucks and we'll be taking that into
Northern Gaza and the US set to build
another temporary Pier off the coast of
Gaza hours ago 500 US troops deploying
from
Virginia David and back to that world
Central Kitchen age ship it's part of a
major pilot program approved by Israel
and the hope is to start a maritime
Convoy of ships delivering Aid directly
to Northern Gaza where the hunger is
most severe David all right Matt Gman in
Jerusalem thanks
Matt hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching