when it comes to uh the media war
between uh Israel and many organizations
who are criticizing these repeated
attacks on uh Hospitals now what we are
hearing also is that indeed the Israeli
Army is advancing uh quite efficiently
inside the Gaza Strip with indeed you
have Gallant uh the defense Ministry
saying that indeed according to him well
Hamas has lost control of Gaza this is
these were his words and indeed as he
was saying reports that the Israeli
forces are now surrounding alifa
hospital alifa hospital that the World
Health Organization is now saying
resembles more a cemetery uh than a
hospital and indeed calls across the
world including Joe Biden saying that he
was hoping for and I quote less
intrusive action when it comes to
hospital and indeed Israel responding
with this video we just saw uh a bit of
just before uh I I I spoke with indeed
the chief spokesperson of the Israeli
Army uh describing uh the inside of a
hospital that is taken by uh the Israeli
forces yesterday and indeed well he
shows these weapons we saw but also a
room where the Israeli Army believes
that hostages were being kept also when
it comes to uh the premature babies you
were speaking about there as well uh a
battle between on one hand uh
communication battle between on one hand
indeed the doctors in Gaza and uh the UN
agencies saying that indeed these babies
are in dire situation and this video
that was released by uh the um Health
Ministry controlled by Hamas in the Gaza
Strip of babies inside blankets being
kept warm and the Israelis replying that
they would send incubators in in order
to save these babies so very much this
Hospital uh a focal point here