they are wrong you are
wrong this attack crossed every red line
however if the US initiate military
operation against Iran its citizen or
its security and interest Iran will use
its inherent right to respond
proportionately
[Music]
colleagues from the moment I began my
tenure here in every speech and in
countless letters I rang the warning
Bell regarding Iran I called on this
Council to take concrete action against
the Ayatollah regime I made it clear
that Iran and its hegemonic itions of
global domination Must Be Stopped before
it drives the world to a point of no
return to original war that can escalate
to a World War sadly no action was taken
and last night the world witnessed an
unprecedented escalation that serves as
the clearest proof for what happens when
warnings aren't
heed Israel is not the boy who cried
wolf we have been screaming from the
rooftops for years trying to wake up the
International Community but to no avail
so I ask you and be honest with
yourselves what would you do what would
you do if you were in Israel's shoes how
would you react if your existence was
threatened every single day while the
Ayatollah regime thinks they only think
that Israel is a frog in a boiling water
that we are becoming accustomed to the
threats on our survival and won't won't
notice until it's too late they are
wrong you are
wrong this attack crossed every red line
and Israel reserves the legal right to
retaliate we are not a frog in boiling
water we are a nation of lions the Armed
Forces of the Islamic Republic of Iran
carried out a series of military a
strike on Israeli military objectives
with thousands of missile and
drones Iran's operation was entirely in
the exercise of Iran's inherent right to
self-defense as outlined in article 51
of the charter of the United Nations and
recognized by international
law this concluded action was necessary
and proportionate it was precise and
only Target GED military objectives and
carried out carefully to minimize the
potential for escalation and prevent
civilian harm however if the US initiate
military operation against Iran its
citizen or its security and interest
Iran will use its inherent right to
respond proportionately I thank you
[Music]
compend