they've taken the hus they've taken the
FF they've taken the language they've
taken everything the music and the today
the biggest Act of resistance is simply
by
[Music]
existing hi I'm adanan from trian trian
Palestinian Three Brothers who play oud
the first three in the world we've been
in this career for almost now 20 years
and I know and I'm aware that the motive
for this career was to tell our story
from where we come this motive
unfortunately hasn't changed I come from
Nazareth Nazareth is in every house
there is a singer a t player a player
this is something so cultural there in
every family there is a singer it is our
story and this is what we have to say to
share on stage through our music through
our poetry through our painting through
our food culture and everything today
unfortunately it took even more of a
reason of a duty on stage and off stage
as well because today there is so much
need to spread awareness us as
Palestinian musician we have to tell our
story the right
[Music]
narrative music Is A Healer so for us
Palestinians to speak of our pain
to express our pain to heal our pain we
go to music me personally go to music
and the most honest musicians or the
best music is the most honest music
therefore when you're telling your story
to the others honestly emotionally
through music they can get to your story
faster and easier it's not easy these
days to be palestin musicians whether
you want to express simply your feelings
whether you have to express your
feelings unfortunately always your
culture is going to be the front line we
through bran we made sure that every
time we're just making music for the
sake of music and that is the the most
honest or transparent or political
resistance or resilience that we can
show because we don't want to be invaded
by this political case we don't want to
be invaded we don't want to invade our
culture by this I don't have to be here
singing Palestinian song Because if
there was no occupation I would be
singing still music and I'm there I'm
Dreaming daily how I want to sing how I
want to play without any occupation as
if we are
free