now Argentina's two presidential
candidates have gone head-to-head in the
final televised debate ahead of the
November the 19th runoff with no clear
winner Insight argentinians being asked
to decide between two starkly different
Visions for South America's second
largest economy when they take to the
polls in a week's time the candidates
whether the center left ruling party
economy Chief Sergio Massa his rival The
anti-establishment
Outsider jaier
m are you going to dollarize the economy
as you said in the letter submitted to
the Electoral Court yes or no are you
going to privatize revers and sees as
you said in the letter submitted to the
court and included in your electoral
platform yes or no are you going to
eliminate the Central Bank yes or
no your Liars you are a liar you scared
people and lied to
them it's time to ask ourselves if we
want to keep on this vicious circle that
makes us more miserable and poorer every
day with ever more homeless people where
young boys have to leave the country to
find a future a country sentenced to
misery well little earlier we spoke to
correspondent natalo cooy in
buar it was interesting how s Masa H the
economy Minister managed to Corner Kier
M when asking him serious and tough
questions about his political ideas and
his his proposals and in that sense what
he managed to do is avoid him being the
target of difficult questions about how
he's managing the economy here in
Argentina now with more than
140% uh inflation an annual inflation
rate more than 40% of the population in
poverty I think that was very
intelligent from from Massa because he
managed to to switch the the the FOC Fus
of of the debate from him to M's
proposals and and that made him probably
the winner of this this debate but the
big question here is how much this
winning the debate for for Masa will
mean he will get extra votes in the
election next Sunday that's something we
need to see there there's a lot of
undecided voters and that those are the
ones they are targeting both of the
candidates and we'll see if they are
convinced by massa's performance uh this
Sunday