on the Move shiv uh give us more on the
ground situation what's the latest on
ground as Israel uh is all set to
release raw footage of Hamas um
terrorists that have been left behind
post their death the atrocities is all
captured on cameras that will be
released soon tell us more on
that well the release of body cam
footage over 2 weeks after uh the Hamas
terrorist attack on October the 7th uh
is Israel creating a case and reminding
the world of the barbarity that was
Unleashed by Hamas terrorists uh you
know resulting in the deaths of 1,400
civilians uh and many hostages being
taken as well uh Israel remember has
been watching uh you know with a sense
of dismay the kind of narratives that
have been built in other parts of the
world especially in the Arab world uh
you know they acknowledge calls for uh
you know calls for Cal amidst a
humanitarian crisis in Gaza but they
have resolutely stood by their right to
defend themselves and Avenge the death
deaths of all those uh you know who were
killed by the Hamas uh therefore the
release of body cam footage which we are
told uh uh and according to our sources
within the system uh uncensored
horrifying unedited footage recorded
from the GoPro body cams that the Hamas
terrorists wore when they went about
their Massacre and killing spree is
going to be perhaps the most uh you know
jarring uh most uh you know most
terrifying case that Israel can actually
make uh uh you know for what it has been
doing so far in terms of air strikes and
what it proposes to do as far as the
decimation of Hamas is concerned
remember we've heard the worst of
humanity over the last few days uh and
weeks uh you know butchered babies
families burned alive the elderly uh you
know uh tortured people tied up and
burnt in their houses I've been visiting
kibuts where uh you know the destruction
has been plain to see therefore I think
the body cam footage is Israel saying I
think the world needs a reminder
of why we need to do this