Israel has attacked Iran's allies and
assets throughout this war in Lebanon
and Syria but it has stopped short of
all out retaliation in response but a
direct attack on what it regards as
Sovereign diplomatic territory its
Embassy in Damascus on the first of
April is different its supreme leader
Ayatollah Haman says Israel must be
punished and will be if Iran doesn't
retaliate it will look weak but how will
it do so and can it avoid plunging the
Middle East into all out War its most
obvious option is using its proxies
these are militia it funds trains and
arms and to some extent controls the
houthis in Yemen for instance they have
two fan ballistic missiles and could
three cruise missiles capable of
reaching Israel and they have been
firing those missiles at Israel since
October the 7th but they are no match
for Israel's air defenses or there are
militia in Iraq who have shorter range
ballistic missiles like the alaxa with a
range of around 100 km they've also
fired them towards the lat in southern
Israel but again Israel's air defenses
are hard to get past hisa in southern
Lebanon have the most missiles as many
as
150,000 of them some of them long range
and Powerful like the kyar one and fata
100 but Iran is thought to want to keep
that Arsenal in reserve as insurance for
the day that Israel might attack its
alleged nuclear weapons facilities so
Iran faces challenges using any of these
groups which is why some analysts
suspect it will attack Israel directly
itself it has an Armory of longrange
missiles and drones it could deploy
trying to hit targets from the goolan
heights to Tel Aviv to military bases
across the country other options could
include a Cyber attack targeting an
Israeli Embassy or attacks on Israelis
abroad tourists or others traveling
outside of Israel so far Iran has shown
restraint avoiding a bigger Regional War
it doesn't have the military power to
fight one and whatever this man and his
advisers are plotting it is likely to be
a well-calibrated retaliation strong
enough to respond to the Embassy attack
but not so strong it leads to allout
Regional War but with American Israeli
and other militaries on high alert
across the region there is the real
danger that whatever happens next
spirals out of control and plunges the
Middle East into a devastating an
escalating conflict