widescale destruction was seen at gaza's
alifa hospital in Gaza City following
the withdrawal of Israeli forces from
the site after a two we operation with
access to gaza's biggest Hospital
severely restricted the Israeli and
Palestinian versions deferred sharply a
who clip showed what has become a
wasteland of destroyed buildings with a
section of its Courtyard turned into a
mass makeshift grave it was the second
major Israeli incursion into alifa
Hospital after an earlier operation in
November Palestinians slammed the raid
on a hospital treating severely wounded
patients of War crime a key Gaza
official said Israeli forces had killed
400 in and around the hospital including
a woman doctor and her son also a doctor
and put the facility out of action on
the other hand Israeli officials said
special forces units conducted a
targeted strike against a Hamas
stronghold deliberately located among
vulnerable civilians Israeli military
said the site had been turned into a
major Operating Center by the
Palestinian groups Hamas and Islamic
Jihad spokesperson Daniel hagari for the
IDF stated that 200 militants and two
Israeli servic men had been killed
during the operation and over 900
suspected militants were detained he
added that some 500 were identified as
Hamas or Islamic Jihad including senior
commanders and officials an Israeli
government spokesperson praised the two-
we military operation inside gaza's
largest hospital complex as a victory
over the Hamas group AI hman of Israel's
national public diplomacy directorate
said that the Israeli raid on Gaza
Hospital set the gold standard displaced
by Palestinians who had sought a refuge
at the hospital and had been evacuated
on several occasions gathered not
knowing where they would go next over
32,000 Palestinians have been killed in
Israel's military offensive in Gaza
since the 7th of October Gaza Health
officials say most of the fatalities are
civilians while Israel says at least a
third are
[Music]
Fighters
I have nothing left my house was bombed
and everything has gone I have nothing
left I sought shelter at schools but
they told me there was no space for me
where do I
go