thank you the fact of the matter is that
icj has not dismissed the allegations
against Israel with respect to genocide
they do believe that those allegations
warrant further investigation and
deliberation so do you stand by the
words that you use earlier this month to
characterize those allegations that they
are meritless counterproductive and
completely without any basis in fact
whatsoever yes ma'am and what are you
basing that off of if the un's top Court
believes that they is a plausible risk
of genocide they're specifically
directing Israel to prevent and punish
the direct and public incitement to
commit genocide we have no indication
that that's that that that's going on
Sabrina it we just have no indication
that they are deliberately trying to
exterminate the people of Gaza well the
icj specifically cited inflammatory
statements that were made by Israel's
defense minister referring to human
gazin as human animals the president of
Israel is saying the entire population
of Gaza is respons responsible do not
see that as risking incitement comments
like that are certainly uh also
counterproductive um and unhelpful uh no
question about that but we haven't seen
indications that the Israeli Defense
Forces are getting up out of the rack
every day putting their boots on the
floor and saying that they designed
their whole effort is to go exterminate
the Palestinian people they're trying to
eliminate the threat that Hamas poses I
want to be very clear and I know I've
said this a million times and you all
probably sick of to be following up on
this but that doesn't mean that we
excuse any single innocent life loss the
right number of Civilian casualties is
zero but there's no indication that
we've seen that validates a a claim of
genocidal intent or action by the
Israeli Defense Forces