so US President Joe Biden is stepping up
Aid efforts to Gaza where he says the
situation is gut-wrenching more than
30,000 Palestinians have been killed
most of whom are not
Hamas thousands and thousands of
Innocents women and children girls and
boys also orphan but if it's so tragic
why has his administration made more
than 100 weapon sales to Israel since
the War Began that's what the Washington
Post reports and the White House didn't
deny it
I'm just not I'm not going to comment on
a reporting what you've heard I'm just
not going to comment on that apparently
the US is in Israel a lethal list in the
past 5 months including Precision
guiding Munitions small diameter bombs
and bunker Busters but why haven't we
heard about it well usually major weapon
sales go through Congress for approval
but there's a loophole according to the
US arms export Control Act it depends
who's buying and how much they want
under the law a group known as NATO plus
5 have their own special rules that
means NATO Members Plus 5 allies
including Israel can get more weapons
faster without Congress ever having to
get involved the US Government Can Make
a Deal worth up to $300 million without
Congressional approval and with only 15
days notice these Secret sales are not
to be confused with the three big arms
deals the US and Israel made in November
and December which included 14,000 tank
shells nor is it to be confused with the
$3.3 billion worth of military aid the
US sends Israel annually all the $17.6
billion worth of additional Aid
Republicans proposed in February the
state department has confirmed that
officials engage Congress on arms
transfers to Israel more than 200 times
since October 7 which means the Carnage
in Gaza is not just made in Israel but
in
America