Egypt is clearing off and also building
a wall around its border with a Gaza
Strip the Egyptian officials fear that
these radio fensive in the southern Gaza
City of raava will push over a million
Palestinians into Egyptian territory
even though Egypt do not publicly
acknowledged the construction footage
from the s in the S desert and also
satellite images have shown that an area
which can offer basic shelter to tens of
thousands of displaced Palestinians is
now being surrounded with concrete walls
on the other hand for the Palestinians
who were forced from their homes the
construction of the wall has only
hardened their fears the displaced
Palestinians feel what wor could in fact
happen to them from
here
[Music]
the Palestinians displaced to Raa
suffering from a lack of sufficient
shelter food water and Medicine the
United Nations and the human rights
groups have warned that Humanity Ian
disaster and The besieged Enclave is
rapidly
worsening these are some of the images
from Friday Hamas has said the two
Israeli air strikes in the southern town
of Rafa along the border with Egypt has
killed at least about 10 more
Palestinians and from that 10 at least
seven are said to be members from One
family
now a growing number of nations and
international organizations have called
on Israel to award a ground offensive on
Rafa leaders of Australia Canada and New
Zealand have warned that such an
incursion will be
catastrophic even though Egypt has
condemned israels move to push the
Palestinians further
Southward the Israeli Prime Minister is
continued to push for total Victory with
Netanyahu calling Rafa the last Bastion
of Hamas but the question that is being
asked is where will the Palestinians go
if they're being pushed further from
Rafa the Ministry of Health and Gaza
said that the Israeli attacks in the bes
strip have killed over
28,700 Palestinians and the attacks have
also wounded at least about
68,500 Palestinians since the 7th of
October several thousand more continue
to remain missing they're presumably
buried under the
rubble Von is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the move