well the grinding War has revived an
option which was once thought dead some
see it as The Last Hope For
Peace when this crisis is over there has
to be a vision of what comes next and in
our view it has to be a two-state
solution it means a concentrated effort
for all the parties Israelis
Palestinians Regional Partners global
leaders to put us on a path toward
peace now the roots of the two-state
solution lie in a 19 74 UN resolution
two independent states a Jewish State
for the Israelis and a Palestinian State
for the Palestinians the resolution
paved the way for the oso Accords which
came two decades later now it included a
phased withdrawal of the Israeli
military from occupied Palestinian
territories and the transfer of
authority to a Palestinian
Administration a final treaty was to be
reached in 5 years but that as we know
did not happen now fast forward to today
the two states solution remains an
elusive goal as they are huge obstacles
to overcome first how would the Border
be drawn the International Community
recommends a version of the pre-1967
borders now the green line or the 1949
Armistice lines delineates Israel's
occupation of the West Bank in Gaza the
issue there's no consensus on how the
Palestinians living within those borders
would be accounted for nor the Jewish
Israelis Beyond them second where with
Israeli settlements which are considered
illegal under international law go now
there are more than half a million
Israelis spread across the occupied West
Bank and occupied East Jerusalem and
then there's Jerusalem one of the most
bitterly contested cities on Earth
Palestinians want East Jerusalem which
includes sites that are sacred to
Muslims Jews and Christians to be the
capital of their state while Israel says
Jerusalem should remain its indivisible
and eternal capital now an alternative
could be the one-state solution and this
is based on Democratic Rule and equal
citizenship merging Israel the Gaza
Strip and the West Bank into a single
big nation but Palestinians fear they
would lose their national identity and
some in Israel view this as
contradictory to the idea of a Jewish
State another concern being outnumbered
by the Palestinians it remains to be
seen if all sides could agree to an
effective solution to end the conflict
something that is more more urgent than
ever before