it was a trip layered with complexity
and risk as the American president
embraced a nation at War I come to
Israel with a single message You're Not
Alone walking a diplomatic tight RPP Joe
Biden's visit was remarkable not only
for its timing but also its message when
the boots on the ground belong to the
commander of Chief you're forever
identified with that location Biden now
owns the war in Israel Biden hopes to
stop the situation from spiraling into a
wider regional conflict while urging
Israel to exercise restraint in its
response to Hamas after 9/11 we were en
rag in the United States while we sought
Justice and got Justice we also made
mistakes the message was carefully
crafted to allow the US to extract
concessions he will have a tremendous
amount of leeway and leverage to speak
to the Israelis in a manner that says I
need you to do this get more diplomat IC
uh do more on humanitarian aid though
American Military Support is fully
behind Israel Biden announced 00 million
in humanitarian Aid to Gaza and the West
Bank claiming to have secured agreement
from Israel to allow its delivery if you
have an opportunity to alleviate the
pain you should do it period And if you
don't you're going to lose credibility
worldwide and uh I think everyone
understands that yet the US can not
escape the simmering anger across the
Middle
East after the deadly explosion at a
Gaza Hospital Jordan cancelled a planned
Summit between Biden and leaders from
Egypt and the Palestinian Authority
though the White House is still talking
to Arab Partners behind the scenes if
Biden can fill that vacuum with true
leadership I think we do have an
opportunity to turn this terrible War
into a pathway to peace peace in Biden's
view would be a two-state solution that
seems all but impossible in this moment
as Israel prepares its offensive with
the backing of its most powerful Ally
Jackson prco Global News Washington