good evening investigators will try to
determine what led a full passenger
plane to crash into a smaller aircraft
while landing at a Tokyo Airport an
explosion lit up the night sky when the
Airbus touched down the Japan Airlines
plane fully engulfed As It sped along
the runway passengers and crew scrambled
off just before the fuselage
disintegrated and we're now seeing
what's left of it by daylight in the
early morning hours in Tokyo some of the
airline passengers have minor injuries
tonight but five of the six people in
the smaller craft didn't survive ctv's
Annie barer Oliver tonight with
eyewitness
accounts when the fireball ignited Japan
Airlines flight 516 was just touching
down and immediately passengers knew
something was terribly wrong I feel this
very very warm warm sensation in the
left side over my face and I looked to
the left and I see Flames all over the
windows and the plane starts to shake
and all the lights turn dark and
everyone starts screaming in Japanese
17-year-old Anton Dee was on the Airbus
a350 heading to Tokyo from the seoro
region when it collided with a Japanese
Coast Guard Plane on the runway the
bombard -8 was getting ready to take off
with supplies for earthquake victims
just continue running running and then I
remember looking back and just seeing
this plane I just sat on
completely destroyed by fire though the
Airbus was charred Beyond
repair the Smokey evacuation is being
called a miracle all
367 passengers and 12 crew members made
it out alive the standards are that the
aircraft has to be evacuated uh within
90 seconds with only half of the
emergency exits available and that's the
standard that these flight attendants
are trained to and they did an
outstanding job but those on the Coast
Guard Plane were not as lucky of of the
six people on board only the captain
survived what led to this fatal crash
now part of what could be a lengthy
investigation by Japanese authorities
what we think what happened is that this
was a pilot error somebody probably on
the Japanese Coast Guard side uh taxied
onto that active Runway uh when they
weren't supposed to as part of this
investigation authorities say they are
looking at the communication between the
planes and air traffic control and
whether the Airbus morela was cleared to
land all all right Annie thank you