in B fian Camp the suspension of aid
from major donors to un is feared to
have dire
consequences worries about the future of
her
[Music]
family thanks to un's support I can pay
my rent my bills my children are
schooled for free my whole life depends
on unra without its help I would be on
the street my children would no longer
go to
school due to a lack of unwa also risks
pausing its Employment Program a plan
that offers temporary jobs to
Palestinian refugees within the
camps the unra Employment Program is a
wonderful opportunity for me to work and
make money if the agency suspends its
grants our lives in our future will be
in
danger a crisis with devastating
consequences for pales
refugees will they stop the payment in
speaking to France 24 the Ona director
in Lebanon sounds the alarm the
government has made it very clear to us
that they have no space neither
politically nor financially to step in
if unra falls away and Lebanon there is
nobody who is capable and willing to
step in which opens a vacuum of course
to um
radicalization the emergency is also
health related the crisis threatens on
medical centers in Mar camp this Clinic
risks being shut down by the end of
March where will the SI go there is no
other Center that can take care of them
they will run out of medication and be
forced to interrup their treatment a
humanitarian disaster looms over our
society that day the center is visited
by the ambassador of Norway his country
is one of the few major donors that has
maintained its Aid to the UN
agency is important more than than ever
to support uh the
Palestinian refugee healthwise and
education wise we are here now in
Maria's Camp to voice our continued
support for
for the risks of honorous collapse are
more threatening than ever in Lebanon
250,000 Palestinian refugees would de
facto fall into extreme
poverty