[Applause]
me these are shocking visuals coming in
from Russia look closely this is an
airport where a large mob has stormed
this Russian airport because they're
looking for members of the Jewish
Community they want to kill the Jews so
they have taken over the airport looking
for anyone who may have an Israeli
passport or is a Jew the reason is there
was a flight that had reportedly arrived
and landed in Russia from Tel Aviv the
mob reached the par Israeli aircraft
area and is looking for Jews to kill
we're being told they did manage to find
one checked his passport that he was not
from the me from Jewish Community he was
allowed to let go but this is what
happened Israel is horrified at this and
seeking Uh Russian action and urging
Russia to protect the Jewish Community
it did not end at the airport they
apparently went to a nearby hotel too
looking room to room to find out any Jew
they could kill this is anti-Semitism
this is anti- Jew hatred remember Russia
has been seen supporting Palestine and
uh this is one of the reasons also that
you see the sort of aggression there in
Russia we are being told that the B
Ministry has said event was dealt with
and uh by Israeli ambassador to Russia
Alexander benzvi who's spoken up as well
National Security officials have also
spoken up but it is remember if God
forbid they had managed to find one from
the Jewish Community what would this mob
had done a scary situation in Russia was
is supporting Palestine but this is
clearly looking for any random Jew and
this is in many other parts of the world
that members of the Jewish Community are
reporting Rising anti-Semitism and are
saying they're feeling unsafe in the
sort of aggression they have seen on the
[Applause]
streets