as distant
struggles become shared
Sorrows ripples from the Israel Hamas
conflict feeling closer than ever in the
largest protest since last weekend's
atrocities we are all Palestinians
thousands of pro Palestinian supporters
marched to whiteall in London all we
spoke to wanting the same thing an
immediate cease far Katie's Jewish she's
traveled from Hastings to be here
Palestinians have been screaming for
decades about this and no one was
listening and in our silence they
experienced violence on a daily
basis I'm I'm speechless narain says
people in Gaza shouldn't be punished
it's aing what happened last Saturday
makes me feel I was shocked really
shocked but what I'm seeing now is just
War crime from Israel 1 2 3
4 in another UK cities protesters also
made their voices heard a police
presence in each and in London 1,000
extra officers on the streets the
language used around this conflict is so
important and the police have been
extremely careful in their wording
describing themselves as independent and
impartial as a
however they've also warned that anyone
showing any support to any terrorist
organizations will be arrested while
mostly a peaceful protests there were
disagreements in the crowds where Sky
News witnessed a man appearing to hold a
hammer
flag on stage nearby calls for the UK
government to intervene let's hear it
from the people of the West Bank from
the people of Gaza for the people of the
refugee camps and
say very bluntly to our political
leaders in this country do not condone
war crimes with the Palestinian
Ambassador thanking protesters even now
when we feel when we feel
isolated abandoned that so many of you
are prepared to come out in support of
Palestine of
Justice in support of
law in support of what is fight in
support of Peace make your voices heard
with more protests planned there's
momentum on both sides all of Gans are
humans like you a conflict continuing to
resonate far beyond its original borders
El Robinson sky
newsed