a lifetime of Dreams lost in an
instant nagam Abu Samra a university
student and a Gaza karate champion on
Christmas Eve an Israeli air strike in
al- magazi Camp killed her younger
sister and nagam seriously injured lost
a
leg she ised Bing and has trouble with
her lungs she also has fractures in her
left and right hand her right leg is cut
off I plead to humanity to evacuate this
Sports Champion from Gaza to any country
where there are good medical services to
bring nagan back tragedy and torment
every gazen family has a story to tell
nagan was her father's Pride her mother
didn't live to see the war she died of
cancer 4 months
ago
how much more can people take of this
dozens killed today including people
Sheltering in a hospital near Han
yunus we're about to walk into Gaza you
can see the wall that surrounds the Gaza
Strip and on this side that is the arz
border crossing terminal where with the
Israeli Defense Forces it's the only way
media can enter Israel has blocked All
Foreign Press from reporting on the war
from inside
Gaza on display a Hamas tunnel to keep
its Fighters weapons and isra hostages
out of sight what's so extraordinary
about this tunnel is simply the size of
it and how sophisticated it is you can
see pipes are running all the way
through it that was apparently for air
electricity cables and even a railway
track ran for a couple of miles into the
center of Gaza City when it comes to
tunnels even the Israeli military was
impressed no question Hamas are
fantastic at creating Terr tunnels they
are brilliant Builders you're looking at
an iron gted tunnel reinforced with
electricity you have cables for
communication equipment will Israel
level Gaza to the ground if that's what
it takes to destroy the tunnels the
challenge is Hamas put so much of that
ter infrastructure under so much so many
homes and Institution is why we're
seeing so much destruction we're going
to do what we have to do in order so
that the Israeli people can go to bed at
night in Gaza 2 million people no longer
have a bed and no one is sleeping worn
out by a long brutal
War