[Applause]
urgently needed ammunition and
supplies soon on their way to Ukraine
after months of waiting US President Joe
Biden signing a bill Wednesday sending
more than 60 billion in Aid to Ukraine
this package is literally investment not
only in Ukraine security but in Europe's
security Ukrainian lawmakers are
expecting a fast delivery now that
funding has and approved the logistics
for the shipments was already well
established normally takes not more than
48 hours to actually come to the front
lines meanwhile Russia downplayed the
impact the lawn awaited weapons will
have on the 2-year-old
conflict all these new batches of
weapons which are probably already ready
will not change the Dynamics at the
front after months of debate over
American involvement in foreign
conflicts the US Senate overwhelmingly
approved the legislation by a vote of 79
to8 late Tuesday Senate minority leader
Mitch McConnell worked closely with
Democratic counterpart Chuck Schumer to
pass the aid we tell our allies we stand
with you we tell our adversaries don't
mess with us we tell the world the
United States will do everything to
safeguard democracy the measure gains
significantly more Republican support
after former president Donald Trump
scaled back his criticism of sending
more Aid the legislation also includes
26 billion in Aid to Israel and 8
billion in funding to Taiwan and other
indopacific countries to counter Chinese
aggression China condemned that Aid
early
Wednesday we urge the US side to honor
its commitment of not supporting Taiwan
in dependence with concrete actions and
stop arming Taiwan in any
way the legislation also includes a
provision forcing Tik tok's Chinese
parent company bite dance to divest
ownership of the social media app within
one year or face a ban in the United
States Katherine gypson vaa news