there's nowhere left for them to go as
the war in Gaza has pushed civilians
farther and farther south to avoid the
violence families are now pitching tents
against the fence on the Egyptian
border I said that the safest place was
at the border near the Egyptians where
nothing bad would happen but I was
surprised that the whole world is
talking about Rafa I hope nothing
happens I stay here knowing the time in
the line of fire and that I will die if
I leave here believe is a dead
body about 1.5 million people are
seeking shelter in Rafa which had a
population of less than 200,000 people
before the war thousands more arrived
this week as Israel has been conducting
ground raids in neighboring KH Yunis
including at Southern gaza's main Nasser
Hospital one of the few still in
operation France 24 interviewed a nurse
who recently spent two weeks with French
doctors at the European Hospital in Gaza
she said that staff struggled to treat a
constant stream of people wounded in
Daily
bombardments this young woman is 22
years old she's been shot in the head
she has been refused surgery and is
dying in the emergency room she's
convincing we are giving her medication
to at least stop the conversion but
there's nothing else we can do there's
no womb 23 years old that's the reality
she sunk into a coma and then took a
long long time to die several days
Rafa is the last part of Gaza to be
spared a ground offensive although that
may soon change in a telephone call
Thursday US President Joe Biden again
cautioned Israeli Prime Minister
Benyamin Netanyahu against beginning
military operations in Rafa before
coming up with a credible and executable
plan to ensure the safety of Palestinian
civilians Netanyahu however has said
Israel will not halt its assault in Gaza
until Hamas is eliminated de