let's start just with the families of
the three uh people the three men old
men actually all in their 70s uh in that
video you know they were reassured to
see them alive but one of the sons said
you know my father is usually funloving
food loving rly poly lifeloving and now
he just looks old and exhausted and
another woman said while it is a great
reassurance to see they're alive she
doesn't know how long they have left so
that's the first circle of influence
then I think it show more widely the
public is reminded that there are still
hostages alive they don't have to come
back dead and there's pressure on the
government and of course you know the
shooting of those three Israeli hostages
by Israeli troops on Friday night I
think has the largest impact of all
because if anything has restarted the
these negotiations I think it's that and
perversely the release of the video is
actually a sign that things are moving
along but it's definitely um the restart
followed the death of those three
hostages and you can see that it's
Gathering momentum So what at this point
do we know about those hostage
negotiations we know that yesterday uh
three key figures uh who haven't met
since the last host hostage deal and um
ceasefire deal collapsed uh they met and
that is the presid the Prime Minister
sorry uh of Qatar the US CIA director
and the Israeli Mossad director they met
last night in Europe uh and they had a
conversation today we are hearing from
Palestinian sources that uh that the uh
leaders of Hamas are going to go to
Egypt also a player in this of course
they're going to go to Egypt for the
first time since the previous deal
collapsed so you can see that there's
motion and um as I said that the release
of the video is also a sign I think that
something is happening I don't know when
it would happen I don't know what the
terms would be uh what Hamas is saying
is that it wants a complete cessation of
all Warfare you know no more fighting
before it will release anyone and it
wants every single prisoner held in
Israeli jails so that's their Ambit
claim let's see what it would be agreed
in the end but um I think it's the first
time since the last hostage deal that I
actually have felt there is some motion
on this issue