in this neighborhood west of Gaza City
dozens Rush towards Aid trucks carrying
desperately needed food as the conflict
enters its fourth month only minimal Aid
is entering the besieged enclave and the
UN has warned that many civilians are at
risk of famine here in Rafa further
south many are living in tents and
makeshift
shelters the city is densely crowded
with those who have been displaced
gazans living in the area say disease is
rif
due to the lack of water we shower just
once per month psychologically we are
suffering and the diseases have spread
everywhere some are living in schools
some on the streets on the floors and
others sleeping on benches the war has
not spared anyone the United Nations
estimates 1.9 million Garin are
displaced many of them multiple times
wounded civilians continue to stream
into the enclaves hospitals which are
struggling to run with limited supplies
and dwindling fuel according to the wh
none of the hospitals in Northern Gaza
are functional and the rest are only
partially functional describing the
situation on the ground as a
humanitarian catastrophe the
organization has called for the
establishment of a humanitarian Corridor
the shrinking humanitarian space and and
the lack of access and we not just
talking about humanitarian supplies into
Gaza but also the humanitarian Aid and
workers within Gaza so that that that
the AIDS can be delivered to the people
in need wherever they are in the North
in the middle or in South area as long
as there's no
ceasefire humanitarian corridors are
required within Gaza to make sure that
this can happen the Israeli Army has
said the war is coming into a new phase
involving fewer troops and more targeted
operations in The Enclave Center and
South however the wh has said it has not
seen a reduction in the intensity of
fighting on the
ground