amid the current darkness of life in
Gaza a story of light a days old baby
rescued from the rubble alive a moment
of Joy stolen in the face of a horror
which continues without an end in sight
a truce may have meant a temporary halt
to the assault on Gaza but the
destruction rought on The Enclave has
left little behind in carun children
play some probably oblivious to the
reality their par parents sit and
contemplate we are suffering we see our
homes and dreams destroyed we see the
efforts we put into our lives destroyed
what do we feel how to describe it they
gave us a 4-day truce for
what explosions have been held at Bay
for now but here a silent killer now
looms ever larger the World Health
Organization has warned that without
urgent action disease could kill more
people in Gaza than the bombing no
medicines no vaccination activities no
access to Safe Water and hygiene and no
food a very we saw a very high number of
cases of diarrhea among infants um and
again there was no Treatment available
for them the pause in fighting has meant
vital Aid is getting into The Enclave
but it's not nearly enough the UN world
food program on Tuesday said it had
delivered supplies to more than 120,000
people in Gaza over the last few days
the situation it said was critical our
team saw hunger desperation and
destruction people who have not received
any relief in weeks hundreds of
thousands that are facing an immediate
risk of
starvation the wfp says the truce must
continue if there's any hope for those
who manage to survive the bombing of all
the things Palestinians are running out
of Hope might still be what they need
the most Joel Flynn trt Walt