but the out of Palestinians from their
homes did not end there it only got
worse Israeli settlers forcibly took
over the homes of Palestinian families
in Gaza and East Jerusalem the visuals
you see next form just one such case
capturing the story of what thousands of
Palestinian families have gone
through ycob you know this is not your
house yes but if I go you don't go back
so what's the problem what are you
dealing with me I didn't do this I
didn't do this but it's easy to yell at
me but I didn't do this you are stealing
my house and if I don't steal it someone
else is going to steal it no no one no
one is allowed to steal
it that's not all for years now Israeli
forces have blocked electricity Fuel and
Food Supplies in
Gaza the move snowballed into a major
economic crisis for the Palestinian
residents it least those who survived
countless raids by Israel over the years
the league of Arab states has deplored
the brutality of the war and has called
for a dire need for dialogue the
situation once again has raised the same
old concern the world needs to pay
attention and work towards a two-state
solution what is needed is resurrecting
a serious NE Association track based on
the two- State solution and
international support and reference to
United Nations resolutions to end
occupation and establishing a
Palestinian State on the June 4 1967
borders with East Jerusalem as its
capital we have seen Western viewpoints
focusing on this war and this event only
while avoiding talking about the reasons
behind the current situation in
Palestine there is a need to return to a
real peace process that leads to the
establishment of two states coexisting
in peace safety and
the history of what many Palestinians
call systemic oppression has triggered a
slew of clashes hundreds have died and
thousands have been
displaced we are now available in your
country download the app now get all the
updates on the move