marching through an ultra Orthodox
neighborhood of Jerusalem members of the
army reservist group Brothers in Arms
confront
residents not just prayers we also need
the Army we also need the Army not just
prayers we need you we're collapsing
under the burden we're collapsing under
the
burden some protesters were caught in
scuffles and heated arguments with
tensions reaching boiling point over a
military exemption for Ultra Orthodox
Jews which dates back to Israel's
founding in
1948 in about 6 months of War more than
500 Israeli soldiers have been killed
most Jewish men are required to serve
nearly 3 years in the military followed
by years of reserve duty while Jewish
women serve two mandatory years but the
politically powerful Ultra Orthodox who
make up roughly 133% of Israeli Society
have traditionally received exemptions
while studying all time in religious
seminaries ruling the current system
discriminatory the Supreme Court gave
the government until April 1st to
present a new plan and until June 30 to
pass it last week Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu asked the court for a
30-day extension to find a
compromise I can tell you that the ultra
Orthodox went a long way they agreed to
things that we weren't expecting them to
that they never agreed to before I think
we can solve the
problem netanyahu's Ultra Orthodox
allies are fiercely opposed to the
conscription for their community and
Israel's fragile governing Coalition
would crumble without them those
favoring a review of the exemption
include netanyahu's defense minister and
other cabinet members managing the war
as of April 1st following a Supreme
Court ruling the government will have to
suspend subsidies for Yeshiva students
Of Enlistment age who have not received
a deferral from the
Army