not nothing safe in Gaza nothing no
place
stfe every place any place they can shut
it anytime for Iman a visit to family in
Gaza turned into an emotional ordeal
after the conflict between Israel and
Hamas erupted in early October his
original visit to see his siblings ended
up with him spending 35 days under
attack in the region before he could
Escape oh upset I'm very
sad all the country destroyed I don't
know what will happen to my house my
brothers my sisters maybe they will
destroy everything he waited 2 weeks at
the Rafa border crossing before being
able to flee to Cairo where he stayed
before he flew to Canada the London
Ontario resident story is not new but is
the latest to come out as Canadians
permanent residents and their families
tried to escape Gaza and with Israel
signaling a possible offensive in the
South where his family has fled Iman is
left wondering when he will see them
again Sima sarar of Islamic relief
Canada says they are working to help get
evacuated families to Canada and provide
support when they get here including
booking hotels and providing winter
items a lot of them they're coming with
nothing so we're just trying to help
them as much as we can and then we'll be
taking them and keeping them for 7 Days
Global Affairs Canada says 367 Canadians
permanent residents and their eligible
family members have left the Gaza Strip
so far with no additional Canadians
Crossing Thursday Global Affairs Canada
calls the situation quote fluid and
unpredictable the Canadian government
said says it cannot determine when or
how many will cross each day internet
and phone services in the region are
severely limited making it difficult for
people like Iman to contact their loved
ones still in Gaza and as the conflict
continues protests outside various
Canadian MP's offices continue to call
for a ceasefire a formal deal to end
hostilities prime minister Justin
Trudeau and other Western leaders
continue to urge a sustained
humanitarian pods for more Aid to get
through Sean preville global news