today President Biden shared this photo
of his meeting with four-year-old
Abigail Idan she was the first and
youngest hostage Hamas released both her
parents killed in the October 7th attack
the president adding that he will not
rest until every hostage like Abigail
ripped from their families and held by
Hamas is back in the arms of their loved
ones cbs's Deborah Pata is in East
Jerusalem
tonight good evening Hamas has released
another propaganda video which cannot be
independent ly verified showing two
hostages including 64y old Israeli
American Keith seagull this as family
and friends demand the time is now to
strike a
deal every week protests grow louder and
[Music]
angrier giving demonstrators out on the
streets tonight fresh impetus a new
Hamas propaganda video showing Keith
seagull and omry Manan speaking
Jes loved ones fear time is running out
for a deal ahead of an expected invasion
of Rafa which is already under regular
bombardment today once again began and
ended with
mourning after at least three Israeli
strikes hit what is mostly a tense City
Sheltering over half of gaza's 2.3
million Palestinians there were more
heart heartbreaking farewells to tiny
bodies wrapped in shrouds this infant
has known only War her entire life it's
been a brutal week for children even
little miracle baby sabrin ALU who was
saved from her dying mother's womb did
not make it she died on
Thursday the UN population funds Dominic
Allen recently returned from Gaza and
told us he barely recognized the place
our big concern for the 180 women giving
birth every single day in Unthinkable
situations over 5,000 women will give
birth in the next month many of them
will be facing evacuation if the rougher
Invasion goes ahead having seen the
destruction with my own eyes in Kan
yunes it's unimaginable to think that
these civilians will be able to move to
any safe place much of what remains of
Gaza are the remnants of a Battlefield
adding to the misery starvation the
United Nations warning famine which is
totally preventable is still imminent
Mark and will reach Northern Gaza in May
Deborah P thank you