[Music]
another Friday of violence and bloodshed
thousands of Palestinians demonstrated
along the Gaza Israel border who shot
dead by Israeli snipers were buried by
the friends and family on the same day
it is the third week of protests and
they are to continue until a large March
on May the 15th it will mark the 70th
anniversary of what Palestinians call
the Nakba
or catastrophe that is the date when
hundreds of thousands of Palestinians
were forced out of their homes following
the formation of the State of Israel in
1948 protesters are demanding these
refugees right to return to their former
lands dozens have been killed in the
demonstrations to some it is a fight
they cannot win against the Israelis I
came with all my children here to see
and play to see the Palestinian border
and the Palestinian lands if we are
unable to get back our land our children
will be aware of where the border is and
where their land is Israeli troops used
heavy weaponry and tear gas against
Palestinians with rocks and stones
but this Friday a new technique was a
play Israelis are dropping fliers asking
Palestinians not to deal with terrorists
but we are not terrorists we are here to
proclaim our rights they drop Flyers on
us and we are replying by putting out
our own Flyers the Israeli government
has rejected international criticism
that its soldiers are using excessive
force Israel says Hamas fighters are
hiding among the demonstrators and use
them as cover there's a trained and
determined army here there are also the
residents surrounding Gaza who are
determined and willingly to give the
army the breathing room it needs this is
an unbeatable combination
the Gosselin's are wasting their time
and effort I expect that Gaza residents
will take charge of their own fate and
not allow Hamas to mislead them but
protests organizers say it's not about
Hamas visi Friday's demonstrations were
held in honor of Palestinian prisoners
and those who have died in their
israeli-palestinian conflict but with
three more Friday's of protests planned
the death toll is only likely to go up
reconvenes
chiotti world
[Music]