the brutal Israel amas war the
humanitarian passage that was opened by
Israel Defense Forces for gazans which
is continuing as the idea for the
Israeli Defense Forces is facilitating
the Palestinians evacuation from the
northern part to the southern Gaza by
opening the salahadin road which is in
badi Gaza now the ruer crossing that is
also between the Gaza Strip and Egypt
that has been reopened to allow the
evacuation of foras dual Nationals and
also wounded Palestinians it is
important to note that Israel does not
operate the Rafa Crossing according to
the Israeli forces the military
operation is aimed at terrorists and not
against civilians they have been
claiming that since the beginning of the
conflict they have sent out over 43 lakh
text messages distribution lacks of
pamphlets and made more than 19,000
calls urging the Palestinians to
evacuate Northern Gaza however Hamas is
not happy with that and it is not ready
to back off as the recent video that has
been released by the IDF shows how an
Israeli logistical vehicle was the
latest Target of the terror group the
vehicle that was carrying logistical aid
for the Israeli military was blown off
by Hamas on the Lebanese Palestine
[Applause]
border
[Applause]
now the call for evacuation is growing
after the Israeli Army severed Northern
Gaza from the rest of the besieged
territory and it continues to bound it
with air strikes Israeli forces say they
have encircled Gaza City now and there
is south of Gaza and North Gaza with 35
Israeli soldiers that have been killed
so far in action as far as Israel says
that Hamas is blocking the gazans from
fleeing Israel wants civilians to move
away to move from Kamas strongholds
gazan should not be used as human
Shields by
Hamas we made almost
20,000 personal calls people will from
Israel on the other side of the line
Live phone calls to Neighborhood by
neighborhood to key people in those
areas including jabala