negotiations to form a coalition
government in Israel are not moving
ahead as quickly as expected although
the process can often take weeks former
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu was
projected as one who may get it done
sooner our correspondent Judy Cohen
looks into what is holding up the
process
[Music]
with a fragmented Center left in Yahoo's
United right-wing religious block won a
majority in the elections earlier this
month
together with his Ultra Orthodox and
Ultra nationalist allies the six parties
in the block accounts for 64 seats in
Parliament three more than the 61 needed
for a majority however negotiations to
put together a coalition to take office
are proving tough
there were reports in Israeli media of a
shouting match between Shas party leader
Aria Derry and Netanyahu with Derry
reportedly suggesting there is a crisis
of trust between the two and that if
their demands are not met chass would
only support the government from the
outside
they could reportedly responded by
blaming religious Zionism leader bezalel
smotrich for stalling the process
after a meeting on Monday smotrich was
quoted as saying there is progress
Netanyahu has reportedly come to an
agreement with the ultra nationalist
Arts mate hooded party with its leader
itamar Ben gavir expected to be the
national security minister overseeing
the police
that decision hasn't been welcomed by
the Palestinian Authority the Israeli
opposition or former police Commanders
forming a coalition has never been easy
and Israel has always had a coalition
government while the right-wing
religious Bloc does seem to be largely
but not wholly aligned when it comes to
policy there is a tussle for ministerial
posts Netanyahu has until the 11th of
December to form a coalition the
president then has the authority to
extend that deadline by two weeks which
has happened in the past with Coalition
negotiations often going down to the
wire this is Jody Cohen for we on world
as one
foreign