Ramadan in Gaza transcends mere fasting
it's a time of unity spirituality and
Heritage despite ongoing challenges
sweets remain a vital thread in the
fabric of Palestinian life much like the
makeshift ttin Sheltering these
communities for Ahmed a lifelong
confectioner this holds profound
[Music]
meaning sweet making is a tradition
passed down through generations in my
family it was my grandfather's
occupation then mine and now my children
are also involved in it we craft 30 to
40 varieties of sweets here in the past
during better times we even exported
them to the occupied West Bank for
special
occasions here in Rafa amidst the war
and the displacement that over 1.4
million people still suffer from the
scent of freshly made sweets mingles
with hope bringing Joy despite
hardships as dusk Falls and the call to
prayer e because Palestinians still
uphold their Traditions by crafting
Ramadan sweets this dessert embodies the
enduring hope and
resilience of Palestinian
spirit and they taste really
[Music]
good zah like many faced Devastation
from the war losing home and kin yet
amidst shelter seeking he found solace
in crafting sweets offering Sweetness in
bitter
times despite the challenges Ramadan
brings a silver lining as there's a
strong demand for sweets people cherish
life and the Ramadan atmosphere we aim
to support our community so while our
profits have decreased we prioritize
Distributing SS to mosques children and
families in our
neighborhood as another call to prayer
Echo worshippers Gather in unity
savoring bakwa and kunafa not just as
Treats but as symbols of Heritage and
resilience Under Siege Nar sadawi trt
World ra Southern
Gaza