[Music]
this image of a Palestinian man looks on
as his nieces and nephews play in
Bethlehem but Ashraf Abu swore is in an
Israeli prison as is his brother he was
convicted of killing an Israeli soldier
who was raiding a church and his family
can only afford to support themselves
and their loved ones with money from the
Palestinian Authority or PA
the salary payment is divided between me
my children and my husband when we visit
him in prison we pay the canteen for his
cigarettes this month we paid $285 the
salary is not enough for us
now Israeli authorities no longer want
families like theirs to receive that
financial support but Palestinians are
pushing back
I think that the Israeli government's
decision to cross this red line and ban
payments to the families of prisoners
and martyrs means Israel does not even
think the Palestinian Authority exists
Palestinian officials say more than six
and a half thousand of its people are in
Israeli prisons it considers them heroes
and pays their families irregular income
in total twenty eight million dollars
per month
but Israel says the payments encourage
more violence the country is now
withholding millions and taxes on
Palestinian imports from the PA thanks
to a new law the u.s. also says it will
withhold more than three hundred million
in aid both say they'll only release the
money if payments to Palestinian
prisoners families stop President
Mahmoud Abbas says he won't comply with
those demands these are our martyrs
prisoners and wounded and we will
continue paying them like we have been
since 1965 but without US aid and their
import taxes it could get harder to pay
families like uma Rafa Abu Soares whose
daughter and son are both in jail
the payment is everything for us we use
a salary for our vital needs and to give
my son money for the prison canteen
money that isn't just key to these
family's survival but the only way for
some to feel connected to loved ones
behind bars
Sarab altar TRT world
[Music]
you