after half a year signs of Justice being
done at this Courthouse the Israelis
suspected of a horrific aren attack on a
Palestinian family are in the
dock we want a real judgment for those
murders and to put them in jail for a
long time to demolish their homes and to
deal with them like they are dealing
with the
Palestinians the Israeli court is now
being tested we want the Israeli Justice
to be real this time and to make it fair
for Palestinians even if it's only this
time
visiting his surviving grandson in
hospital husand deire praised the
progress but said there were many more
involved you say that this is a
democratic State and I want Justice
catch the rest of them it's very good
that they called them it's a lead now
they need to follow the lead all the way
through both Israelis and Palestinians
described the attack as an act of
terrorism it was at this house on a hot
July day Just Before Dawn that the
suspects are said to have thrown petrol
bombs Through the Windows as the family
slept the 18-month-old was killed
instantly his parents died Weeks Later
of their injuries the couple's
5-year-old son remains in a serious
condition Benjamin Netanyahu has been
criticized in the past accused of
turning a blind eye to Violent acts
committed by Jews but with this case the
Israeli Prime Minister has spoken out
saying the country stands against murder
no matter who commits it
we oppose murder of all kinds we oppose
violence of all kinds we oppose any
breaking of the law wherever it
occurs Israeli authorities said more
than 20 others are still being
investigated for suspected involvement
in other attacks against Palestinians
the indictments come as Israel's
internal security agency the shinb warns
that Jewish youth extremism is on the
rise