good morning Gaza Strip today woke up on
huge explosions around 9:30 a.m. and it
was actually a huge explosion that
happened in East Gaza and at that time
at the resistance faction start
launching a lot of rockets into Israeli
settlements this was a revenge for what
happened yesterday and all the violence
phase relief forces made in the Gaza
Strip two killings in the air strikes
and the two killings near the fence and
as we said yesterday that the joint
operation resistance room stated that
they're going to launch back and take
revenge of the four killings that
happened the Israeli forces are still
also launching and airstrike airstrike
in Gaza Strip with a different rockets
and different air strikes but also at
the same time the Palestinian resistance
factions are also launching rockets and
at least 150 rockets have been launched
into Israel in the past two hours in any
news of casualties on either side well
actually on the Israeli side there are
no casualties but five injuries from the
Palestinian side have been injured three
were in Beit Hanoun in the last killings
and two were in caninus in the past in
the past airstrikes and there were also
entirely shellings and this is why three
injuries happen and we still didn't hear
anything from the Palestinian Ministry
of Health we're waiting the Palestinian
Ministry of Health to identify and to
make sure that the numbers we have are
correct we only have local
correspondents and news reporters on the
news that are reporting these injuries
from the hospitals all around the Casa
Strip
it's still in the morning but it's also
obvious that the Palestinian resistance
factions are very angry that they won't
stop launching the rockets into Israel
in the next hours
you
[Music]