and our International Affairs editor
kavan Guston kavan bring us up to date
with what he said yes one of the main
thing that he spoke about was this uh
ground operation in Rafa and it doesn't
seem like the prime minister of Israel
uh has listened or agreed with any of uh
the comments coming out of the
International Community least of them uh
the Americans there is still supposed to
be a sort of Delegation Israeli
delegation going to Washington to uh
show the plans for that ground operation
in Rafa and uh prime minister Netanyahu
seemed to be saying we will go there we
will show them what they want to see but
sort of hinting that it was not going to
change their minds that they were simply
doing it out of respect for uh their
Ally and he was very clear and you
mentioned some of his words uh he said
no victory over Hamas without Rafa
operations so he really linked the two
uh he said we will get into Rafa and
nothing and no pressure will stop this
operation against Hamas in Rafa so some
pretty strong words from Benjamin
Netanyahu he did not give any
information as to when he was asked by
the reporters uh in that room uh when
that could be and he uh sort of uh
dodged the question saying that he
didn't want to get into operational uh
information so no word on how quickly
that could happen because of course
there is the other aspect which is that
the talks the ceasefire talks the talks
about releasing hostages uh presumably
resumed this Sunday in Cairo with an
Israeli delegation a meeting with the
Egyptians the mediators to discuss the
possibility of finding some common
ground with Hamas and on that note it
seemed that Benjamin Netanyahu was
responding to some of those protests
that you were mentioning saying that it
is a combination of military pressure
and flexibility in talks that will bring
uh hostage releas pces uh we'll see how
that is taken by some of the protesters
who want to see something happen