Israel's military is facing a fresh
scrutiny from its citizens its offensive
on Gaza has not just killed thousands of
Palestinians but also its own people who
were taken hostage our next report tells
you more on
[Music]
this Israel's ongoing military offense
of in Gaza has taken a turn for the
worst in one of it latest operations the
IDF is mistakenly said to have killed
three Israeli
hostages
three young Israeli hostages became
sitting ducks to the barrage of attacks
in Gaza a budding musician a young
motorcyclist and an avid basketball fan
all at the receiving end of the brutal
cost of
war the initial Israeli Defense Forces
probe shows that the hostages were
shirtless waving White flags when
soldiers opened fire something like this
must have unfolded these images released
by IDF said to show the dozens of men
surrendering near hospitals in Northern
Gaza remember the rule of surrender in
international humanitarian law states
that opposing forces cannot directly
Target surrendered
persons
[Music]
Israel's military is now facing renewed
backlash from its own
citizens and once again the spotlight is
back on the Israeli government's apathy
toward it
hostages I would say that he he is
responsible for everything that is
happening that happened and and it's
still happening he has blood a lot of
blood on his hands and he should design
now and let people that are responsible
and care and care for this country
unlike him to take over and and get this
war over with and get up all the
kidnapped people back home
now Hamas had previously released 140
hostages from captivity during the week
long swap but families of the remaining
100 hostages still await new on their
loved ones and pray for their
return in the aftermath of what Israeli
military calls a mistake Global and
domestic pressure on Israel has once
again increased to bring a hostage deal
back to the table and
[Music]
soon