now Seas fire talks between Israel and
Hamas could be nearing a deal that's
despite both sides playing down
expectations a new US proposal is being
studied ahead of a fresh round of talks
in Cairo on Wednesday sabc News
correspondent Alex kader reports from
Tel
Aviv well we understand those ceasefire
talks uh between Israel and Hamas
mediated by the United States Qatar and
Egypt are making progress both sides
very clearly keeping their cards very
close to their chest but they are still
at the table and that's something we
haven't seen for around a month in these
talks uh clearly some movement some uh
deal being shaped up we understand from
reporting in the Wall Street Journal
that Israel has now uh increase the
number of civilians it will allow back
into Northern Gaza in this proposal in
the last deal it was 60,000 now they are
saying we understand 150,000 civilians
can return to the north of Gaza that was
a big uh Demand by Hamas Hamas meanwhile
showing a little bit of flexibility when
it comes to the details of exactly how
many civilians uh how many hostages I
should say are being held in Gaza how
many are surviving what uh kinds of
people are still being held that
information had been withheld by Hamas
uh for months now and they are starting
to give a little bit more information
now we know that the Israeli security
cabinet is meeting to try and discuss
its negotiating position Kamas say
although the proposal does not meet that
with their demands that they will
continue to study it we know the uh
parties will be back in Cairo on
Wednesday to discuss these proposal
proposals hoping to strike a deal so the
LA next next 24 hours really are crucial
the other aspect that could create a
window for a deal is the fact that the
operation in Rafa that the Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has been
pushing for despite International
pressure against it well we understand
from Israeli officials the preparations
could take weeks if not months which
would open a window for a ceasefire and
the release of hostages and more
humanitarian Aid to flow into Gaza now
we are nowhere near crossing the line on
this deal but there has been a lot of
movement we will have to wait 24 hours
to see if movement means progress in the
ceasefire talks Alex CAD sabc news Tel
Aviv