[Music]
in the past four months 28 Palestinians
in the Gaza Strip have died waiting to
leave Gaza to get medical treatment
according to the Ministry of Health the
United Nations calls it a humanitarian
crisis and says the medical system is
collapsing it's a situation worsened by
the political infighting between the
Hamas leadership in Gaza and the
Palestinian Authority led by Fatah
the crisis is deteriorating we have
sharp shortages not only medical
supplies but also in medical devices and
equipment in the past four months we're
literally received nothing neither in
medicines nor in equipment let alone
power cuts
Gaza Hamas leadership puts the blame for
the crisis on the Palestinian Authority
and its President Mahmoud Abbas the
crisis began unfolding after the
Palestinian Authority slashed funding to
Gaza it's a tactic designed to force
Hamas to cede control of the coastal
enclaves it cuts salaries payments to
Israel and Egypt for fuel and stopped
covering the cost of medical equipment
and supplies the problem is worsened by
the ongoing Israeli and Egyptian
blockade of Gaza which both countries
say is necessary for security the
patients are a forced to wait for about
18 months for travel payments and for
surgeries and it's estimated that about
one thousands of patients a month I need
I need a travel payments for treatment
abroad and the Israeli third is actually
refused about 50% of them while doctors
and hospital staff in Gaza plead for
help the political infighting continues
and patients are forced to wait they've
offered them in it's unfair punishment
measures the Palestinian Authority
Stratton is to remove 3,700 personnel in
the public healthcare sector including
942 doctors and that is 29 percent of
the available manpower this will
definitely have dire consequences on
people's lives and the UN says without
immediate intervention and a resolution
to the political standoff the crisis
will only worsen and we'll make Gaza
even more unlivable for its two million
people and likely cost more lives Jonjo
regan trt world
[Music]