it's a risk many here say they're
willing to take Medics say Israeli
forces injured one of their colleagues
and fired warning shots towards some of
their cars but it's their job they tell
us as they try to enter the N Shams
refugee camp in the north of the
occupied West
Bank every time we are needed we tried
to reach the patients but the Israeli
forces obstruct our work now look how
this Israeli Jeep is blocking the
ambulances from entering since the war
on Gaza started the Israeli forces have
been treated in the ambulance cars as
regular
cars the ambulance was forced to return
one of several failed attempts during
the Israeli raid of the camp that
started late on
Thursday we heard there were dead bodies
inside but the Army didn't even talk to
us they signaled with their hands that
we couldn't
enter being under an Israeli Siege it's
hard for Palestinians to count their
dead or injured there was violence
between Israeli soldiers and Palestinian
Fighters during The
Invasion while Israeli forces fired
grenades at some of the homes they
conducted field interrogation group
detentions and damaged the Camp's
facilities this incursion is
unprecedented even compared to the one
in 2002 and previous incursions there
are snipers on rooftops death squads and
Special Forces
deployed this is the nem's armed group
inside the camp reports had said their
leader Abu shuah was killed in the
Israeli raid but they've denied that we
are all well and fine Abu shuah has just
left us now this is his rifle we are in
High Spirits High morale in service to
the cause of God AB has been wanted by
the Israeli forces as a part of their
Crackdown on armed groups and some of
the refugee camps in the occupied West
Bank for more than a year people in the
N Shams refugee camp have endured
continuous Israeli raids we've seen
destruction widespread destruction to
its roads electricity lines and water
lines before it's hard for Palestinians
here to assess the damage from this raid
yet but early signs indicate it's the
worst the camp has seen in years nid
ibraim Al jaaz tarim the occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer