there's been no letup in Israel's
military operation in Gaza famili
started a new week mourning the death of
loved ones killed in overnight attacks
in Dera balah and mourning raids in
Rafa funeral prayers are a nearly
constant occurrence in the strip the
health Ministry says the death toll
since October has now exceeded
30,500 they have targets other than the
children and women the Army is defeated
if it was an organized Army it would not
do this to people this scene God is my
suffice and the best Deputy Israel and
its leadership and all its heads may
they be deprived of the most precious
things they have in life like they
deprived us shocking pictures from this
disproportionate conflict emerg daily
showing a reality where even newborns
aren't spared Dr say these babies died
of malnutrition and
dehydration he had a high heart rate and
lacked oxygen so we kept him on the
ventilator but he passed away we lacked
medicine and equipment needed to treat
him US vice president kamla Harris has
called for an immediate halt of
hostilities and says there can be no
excuses from Israel for not allowing
more Aid in and
given the immense scale of suffering in
Gaza there must be an immediate
ceasefire for at least the next 6 weeks
which is what is currently on the
table this will get the hostages out and
get a significant amount of Aid in those
comment have been seen as a rare rebuke
of Israel by the US traditionally it
stous Defender Washington has vetoed
three separate ceasefire proposals at
the UN Security Council and generally
refus to join the chorus of
international condemnation of the
military operation the leader of Hamas
blames Israel for an unwillingness to
negotiate a peace deal but Egypt and
Qatar are pressing on with diplomatic
efforts in a bid to Wrangle a permanent
truce Rahul radakrishnan trt
world