Israel started its retaliatory offense
against Hamas Israel has now also
stopped the entry of food Fuel and also
medicine into the Gaza Strip pushing it
to the brink take a look at this detail
ground report filed by my colleague
Ramy ribbed
apart not just this
book but also the life of the child this
probably belonged
to
Relentless air strikes by Israeli war
planes has left behind just this
ruins at the AL bage refugee camp the
refugees are gone only their luggage
Left
Behind where did they go are they safe
no one knows we are heading for the
house that has been completely destroyed
and what is sad pretty sad about it is
the fact that dozens of people have been
reportedly killed inside this particular
home and the in the albor refugee camp
as you see the amount of Destruction is
a pretty high a pretty great this is
absolutely this is absolutely
unprecedented at the Gaza
strap an eyewitness says at least 17
people were killed when this building
was bombed he claims at least six more
are still trapped under the debris but
who will rescue them are they even alive
no one
[Music]
knows Sammi hammed is a resident of this
neighborhood he he was a first a a first
witness a first eye witness to what's
happened in his neighborhood the Israeli
aat struck this house leaving behind 17
people killed as Samy suggested and a
dozen others wounded and he also adds
that there are about six people under
the rebel that they are not they are not
being evacuated from under theel even
though Gaza has witnessed an unending
cycle of
violence this Onslaught is
unprecedented we are now in the refu in
the Alor refugee camp in the middle Gaza
STP uh yesterday night in the dawn
Israeli Warrior planes have attacked
this refugee camp in the middle area uh
in in in in in continuation of their
intensive and sporadic attacks from the
air for the past seven days but this
particular refugee camp had a a very
major incident a very major strike a
strike against the homes of the
population this is just one relief Camp
one part of the nearly 365 Square kilm
Gaza Strip that after a week of air
strikes now resembles a ghost
town with Rami almari at the Gaza Strip
Bureau report India today