this video supposedly shows Festival
goers running for their lives during an
attack by humas but it's not true and
it's by far not the only misinformation
circulating online related to the latest
Israel Hamas conflict we'll explain
islamist militants Hamas launched a
shock offensive on Israel on October 7th
a music festival in Israel's neap desert
was one of the first targets during
hamas's surprise attacks but unrelated
footage was shared online to FY claim it
shows the Rampage like this video posted
on the social platform x with a caption
saying that it shows concert goers
running for their lives looking at the
comment section we see that some are
indicating that this video was filmed
during a Bruno Mars concert using key
terms we search for other versions of
the video that can give us the clearer
view on Tik Tok we see a video posted on
October 5th 2 days before the attack at
the desert Festival the caption in
Hebrew Brew says that it shows the
moment the gates opened at a Bruno Mars
concert zooming in we see a poster for
Bruno Mars and Live Nation a company
that sells and promotes concert tickets
we know that the singer performed in Tel
Aviv on October 4th in hayan park in the
video we see identifiable features that
can help us place it on a map like this
water slide that matches the slide at
madian park at the edge of hayar Park
proving this video predates the desert
attack and was filmed in Tel Aviv not
the ngv
desert this clip is circulating widely
claiming to show Israeli forces headed
towards Gaza but it's not real searching
for Tik Tok handle burned into the video
brings us to an account that uploaded
the video looking at the description we
see that the user says the clip was
created using a computer game the
digital combat simulator this screenshot
falsely claims to show a US Government
memorandum on the approval of of 8
billion of military funding to Israel on
October 7th but it's fake here's how we
found out no such memorandum is on the
White House website and a White House
spokesperson told us it's fake the
wording on the screenshot matches very
closely to a memorandum that was
published in July on the approval of
$400 million of Aid to Ukraine proving
this is yet another misleading claim on
the war between Hamas and
Israel