now Beijing has been actively involved
in diplomatic efforts ever since this
conflict has broken out between Israel
and Gaza now remember in the month of
June earlier this year Xi Jinping had
welcomed Mahmud Abbas to Beijing for a
state visit and it offered to mediate
between Israel and Palestine now the
Palestinians have said in the past that
the Americans are not neutral mediators
and therefore cannot be arbitr now the
war this time around appears to be
tilting the global balance of power
here's all you need to know now the
Israel Hamas war is proving to be a bit
of a bone for the United States's main
geopolitical Rivals China has long
sought to undermine the American banked
International System and many in fact
say that the American banked
International System is just broken
because the Americans are committed to
only what Israel does in the region the
analyst in fact say that Beijing is
taking advantage of America's
destruction China has embased the
Palestinian cause in a way that it has
not done so in decades now it's once
cordial t with the state of Israel are
reported ly in TAS and China's mid
Middle East onward J Jun began a store
of West Asia last week first visiting
KH he met with the gulf Nations fign
Minister as well as his Russian
counterpart on Thursday and as per the
Chinese F Ministry onvoy jun's West Asia
tour is in fact aimed at cooling down
the Israel Hamas War now before a trip
to the United Arab Emirates the Chinese
on war took part in the Caro Summit for
peace Washington has said that it hopes
China's friendship with Hamas backa Iran
could help calm the conflict the Beijing
has brokered a detente between longtime
Force tan and Riyad this year and China
has refrained from explicitly condemning
Hamas for the attacks that have sparked
the war and as for the onvo the conflict
has in fact begun to spill over in the
region and the Outlook is extremely
worrisome Nana's foreign minister has
told his Israeli counterpart that all
countries have a right to
self-defense Von is now available in
your country download the app now and
get all the news on the move