malaysian police says these two men are
suspects in the murder of fidel batch a
Palestinian academic killed on Saturday
in Kuala Lumpur the pictures are based
on witness descriptions the current
emission Geeta Brody he the sketch shows
two light-skinned suspects who are
European or Middle Eastern with beards
both men are about 180 centimeters with
sturdy builds we seek assistance from
our counterparts from the Immigration
Department the murder victim was on his
way to morning prayers on Saturday when
two men on a motorcycle fired at least
14 shots he died at the scene
Malaysia's Deputy Prime Minister
suspect's batch an engineering lecturer
was the target of an international
operation he was an expert in rocket
building and it's possible that his dad
had links with a foreign intelligence
organization the Palestinian party hamas
says fidel batch was a member of its
political organization it accuses israel
spy agency Mossad of being behind his
murder and says his killing is in
retaliation for the recent Gaza Israel
border protests had a motor side behind
this issue will pay the price definitely
it cannot give up on the blood of our
sons youth and scholars I can say based
on previous assassinations and killings
of Palestinian scholars and scholars of
the Arab and Islamic nations that Mossad
is not away from disgraceful terrible
crime it's not the first time Israel has
been accused of killing Palestinians
abroad the 2016 death of drone expert
Mohammad who are in Tunisia was blamed
on Mossad as was the killing of Mohamed
el mapa in Dubai in 2010 Israel has
dismissed allegations it was responsible
for Saturday's killing it's a denial
batches parents refused to believe there
are accusations only against Israeli
Mossad on us we accuse only the Israeli
Mossad and the Malaysian government
should accelerate the investigation that
investigation in Malaysia is only
getting started but as far as Hamas
the parents of fatiah batch are
concerned the blame lies with Israel
nafisa lot each dirty world