let get you the latest on this story
then France 24's rad Taha is standing by
for us in Lebanon rad what kind of
reactions do we having to uh NASA's
speech today in which uh the anti has
been beefed up if you
will uh multiple key points in nella's
speech today especially the point
related to the assassination of aruri as
we know for a fact that Israeli air
strike on the southern suburb of Beirut
was the first time Israel has attacked
Beirut or its Southern suburb since the
2006 war in what Masa called a major
breach of the Rules of Engagement which
have been going on between the two
parties since uh the skirmishes and the
confrontations started in southern
Lebanon on October eight uh in
particular he mentioned that Hezbollah
is obliged to respond uh to that
assassination and to that attack on
beirut's Southern uh suburb or else uh
all of lebanon's territories could be
subject to Israeli attacks from now on
so definitely that was a clear sign that
we expect some sort of a heavy
retaliation to the air strike on Beirut
Southern suburb in the next few days uh
experts say potentially given the past
equations that heah and nah have grown
Hezbollah could be possibly launching a
number of longer range missiles towards
Israel as a retaliation unlike the short
range missiles which have been used
since the early days of the skirmishes
and confrontations another point which
was very important in that speech is the
fact
that and nah officially mentioned that
the current confrontation in southern
Lebanon has a significant importance
which is the fact that it could
eventually lead to Israel withdrawing
from all what he called occupied
Lebanese territory pin pointing the
northern part of the town of gajar the
disputed territories of sh farms and
karuba hills and as well a number of
other key points which are a matter of
discussion between the two parties and
this is very important because we know
for a fact that the American uh mediator
and the uh American presidential Envoy
Amos Hawkin has been working on some
sort of a land agreement between Lebanon
and Israel yet n mentioned that such
diplomatic uh negotiations could only
take place after isra holds what he
called its aggression on the Gaza Strip
so he left the room open for
negotiations but only after the war in
Gaza uh ends rard thank you very much
indeed