the anger in Israel is growing against
the Netanyahu government and thousands
of protesters have taken to the streets
demanding the removal of prime minister
Netanyahu and an end to the war in Gaza
and demonstrations took place at the
habima square with some blaming Nathan
yahu and other officials for Hamas
attacks of October 7th meanwhile in
Jerusalem people gathered in front of
the house of the Israeli president to
demand the release of captives held by
Hamas protesters held ass signs bearing
images of hostages faces and messages
such as quote unquote get them out of
hell I think
the the government should do everything
they can do to bring them back home it's
so so many days too too many days that
they're there it's important for me to
be here to demand the ceasefire now and
a political solution now and to convey
our voices and to shout as loud as we
can even through the repression that we
are experiencing right now and even
though no one wants us to voice those
voices it's more important than ever for
us to do voice them and to say however
loud we can and whenever we can it's
important for me to be a part of this to
be part of the solution and not part of
the
problem now this is seen as one of the
major anti-government protests and since
the War Began on October 7th protesters
called for elections as they came out on
the streets of Tel Aviv more than 100
people are still believed to be in
hamas's captive ity and Sunday marks 100
days since the October 7th attack after
which Israel launched an offensive aimed
at wiping out Hamas Israel's offensive
has so far killed over 22,000 people in
Gaza during a temporary truce in
November Hamas released 105 hostages in
a mutually agreed hostage exchange
between Hamas and
[Music]
Israel
[Music]
for