the death toll in Gaza surpassed 30,000
today since the October 7th attack that
killed 1200 Israelis Canada's
immigration Minister admitted today
attempts to get trapped Canadians out
are failing ctv's Judy Tren on the
desperation images of crowds around Aid
trucks the Israeli military says it
fired warning shots before shooting at
people it considered threats more than
100 Palestinians were killed hundreds
wounded some run over by trucks Canada
is considering doing airdrops of
humanitarian aid but after meeting with
the Israeli Ambassador the immigration
Minister says there are no assurances of
Israeli help to get remaining Canadians
to safety we are all failing gin at this
point and I think that is something that
um it's probably the largest hostage
taking right now in in in the world
there are at least 1200 people with
Canadian connections trapped in Gaza
among them approximately 200 citizens
and permanent residents along with with
986 extended relatives who applied for
emergency visas for 3 Days Palestinian
Canadians held a silent vigil on
Parliament Hill to draw attention to
loved ones who can't escape the war this
is my newborn cousin and my grandpa and
this is my family there since the
emergency Visa program was announced in
January the federal government has not
approved a single Visa it's resulting in
Desperate action we've seen even many
many people sending money to their
family from even our community to
smuggle people out and bribe the
government the Egyptian government
mainly it cost between $5 to $10,000 per
person the Rafa Crossing is controlled
by Egypt on one side and Hamas on the
other while Israel monitors all who exit
Gaza Canadian officials say 12 people in
the process of applying for emergency
visas crossed on their own or people
have actually uh been able to get
through the
Border I suspect at great financial cost
despite calls to lift the cap on
emergency visas Mark Miller says he
doesn't want to promote false hope when
Israel is allowing few foreign Nationals
to leave the war zone Omar all right
Judy thanks