sources in Washington said Anthony
blinkin came to Israel to urge it to do
more to avoid civilian casualties and to
push for a pause both for the delivery
of more humanitarian Aid and for the
release of the hostages held by Hamas we
need to do more to protect Palestinian
civilians we've been clear that as
Israel conducts his campaign to defeat
Hamas how it does so matters it matters
because it's the right and lawful thing
to do I've seen images too of
Palestinian children young boys and
girls pulled from the wreckage of
buildings when I see
that when I look into their eyes through
the TV
screen I see my own
children how can we
not but Israeli sources said that an
earlier meeting of the country's War
cabinet the idea of a ceasefire was
rejected unless all the hostages were
released
a position later confirmed by the
Israeli Prime
Minister I made it clear we continue
with all the power and that Israel
refuses a temporary ceasefire that
doesn't include a return of our hostages
Israel doesn't allow fuel to enter the
Gaza Strip and is against transfer of
funds to the
strip there is certainly no sign of a
pause in the fighting Israel now says
its ground troops have surrounded Gaza
City these shots hint at the intensity
of what is happening
below Israel's military released these
images of what it says are tunnels used
by Hamas fighters on the same day Hamas
distributed pictures from similar
tunnels and then above ground of gunmen
said to be engaging Israeli
forces the aerial bombardment continues
as well this is a residential building
further south in carun local Palestinian
sources said 17 people were killed on
Friday Israeli authorities ities finally
released hundreds of Palestinian workers
from Gaza who were caught in Israel on
October the 7th when Hamas launched his
attack they were detained and many were
unable to communicate with their
families we do not know anything about
what's happening with our families in
Gaza whether they are still alive or not
we do not have any identity documents
money or even mobile
phones Israeli security gathered all the
workers together in Israel put us in
prison and interrogated everyone we were
handcuffed and
blindfolded they are returning to a very
different Gaza to the one they left
Simon McGregor wood trt world