is this Mitzvah day more important than
ever it's very very important every year
but very much this year of course what
would you say to those in your party
calling for ceasefire I think everybody
in the party is concerned to do
everything they can to alleviate the
suffering that we're seeing in Israel
and Gaza so in that sense there's great
Unity thank
you let's talk to our reporter Molly
Malone who's outside South Hamstead
synagogue for us and you put that
question to sakir starm clearly been a a
very difficult week for the labor leader
yeah absolutely and I think he he'd
admit that himself he was on the way uh
into synagog this morning it's a journey
he makes every year on mitv the day
which is essentially a day uh to
commemorate uh social action charity and
and an attempt to bring Faith leaders uh
together I asked him it's no more
important perhaps today than any other
year uh previously which which he seemed
to agree with uh clearly it's a day
carrying particular prominence uh and
weight given the the tensions between
the Jewish community and Muslim
communities that we seeing here in the
UK at the moment I actually spoke to the
founder of Mitzvah day Laura Marx uh
moments after K left the synagogue this
morning this is what she have to
say sakir stama comes every year to mitv
uh since long before he was leader of
the opposition uh he's been a very
stalwart supporter and and of course it
makes a difference when people in um
positions of authority High proile
people come because it makes everybody
feel secure and
positive
Laura marks there talking about why it's
significant to have Ura Kama the labor
leader in his constituency here today at
the synagogue I think though while Laura
there was saying uh it's positive it's
very far from positive here in his
constituency the moment fraught with
division I was in Camden another part of
Karma's constituency yesterday and
people there very unhappy very cross and
upset about the the labor party's
official position uh on a ceasefire so I
think today while it's important clearly
to to attempt to bring different Faith
together different backgrounds together
there's a long path ahead