Iran has always insisted its nuclear
program exists for peaceful purposes but
now its military has warned that stance
may change if Israel retaliates Iran's
defense Ministry has been targeted with
new sanctions on firms producing drones
and
missiles Iran has never shied away from
showing off its ballistic missiles but
it's always been more koi about its
nuclear Ambitions supreme leader
Ayatollah ham insisting using nuclear
weapons is Rel iously forbidden and
Iran's always insisted its nuclear
program is for civilian purposes even if
Israel and the West don't believe a word
of it but now a senior Iranian Commander
says that entire nuclear Doctrine is
under
review if there are any threats or
actions by the fake Zionist regime
against the country's nuclear facilities
aiming at pressuring the Islamic
Republic reconsidering our nuclear
Doctrine and policy and violating the
considerations announced before will be
likely and
imaginable and 5 days after firing
cruise and ballistic missiles at Israel
the same official warned Iran knows
where Israeli nuclear sites are and
could Target them if it wants
to the enemy's nuclear sites have been
identified and we have necessary
information about all Targets we have
our finger on the trigger to fire
powerful missiles to destroy specified
targets
chilling warnings even if Israel and
allies were able to shoot down most of
the missile sent its way by Iran over
the weekend Israel isn't turning down
its rhetoric either its defense minister
saying military activity is being
stepped
up our missions are not going to
decrease they are only going to increase
the reality that we are being attacked
from seven different fronts areally six
fronts is a complex reality and it will
challenge us and accompany us
allies are urging Israel to let them
sanction Iran and not strike back itself
Iran's behavior is unacceptable and it's
right that countries come together here
at the G7 and make those points not just
because of what Iran has been doing but
also as a message to Israel that we want
to play our part in having a coordinated
strategy that deals with Iran's
aggression but Israel says being
attacked with hundreds of massive
missiles like this demands a response it
will retaliate it's just a question of
when