and Israel has been locked with Spain
and Belgium amid the ongoing War Spain
has now summoned Israel's Ambassador
while strongly demonstrating Israel's
remarks against the country's prime
minister did forat move after Israel
summoned the ambassadors of both Nations
the leaders rebuked Israeli offensive in
Gaza while visiting Rafa border on
Friday now both Belgian and Spanish
prime minister said that Israel's
operation needs to respect international
human humanitarian law and denounced the
destruction in the Gaza Strip as
unacceptable I celebrate the agreement
for the release of some hostages and to
establish a humanitarian post while
emphasizing that all remaining hostages
must be released I also reiterate Israel
right to defend itself but it must do so
within the parameters and limitation
imposed by international human Arian law
and this is not the case the
indiscriminate killing of innocent
civilians including thousand of boys and
girls are completely
unacceptable must end the cycle of
violence that they started on October
7 and the military operation that Israel
is conducting to stop the terrorist
attacks must respect International
humanitarian law a military operation
needs to respect International
humanitarian law the killing of
civilians needs to stop now way too many
people have died the destruction of Gaza
is unacceptable we cannot accept that a
society is being destroyed the way it is
being
destroyed upset with these remarks
Israeli Prime Minister nanahu said that
the two European leaders had failed to
highlight crimes against humanity
committed by by Hamas while Israel's
foreign minister Ellie kohen accused
both the leaders false claims that give
terrorism AB boost while summoning the
onvo of both the Nations Spanish foreign
minister has been quick to react he
called in Israeli ambassador to explain
her government and I'm quoting here
false and unacceptable allegations
against the Spanish prime
minister
[Music]
inbl
oh