earlier we spoke to French national y f
who was on holiday in the south of
Israel from France in a kotz close to
the
Border it's all matter of perspective uh
we could say uh maybe one day will say
that we've been very lucky because we
have because I am here right now talking
to you and my family is relatively safe
I mean I'm alive and I'm able to talk to
you what happened yesterday morning is
that as you probably know and your
viewers have seen they did took those
trucks those car and they just H drove
all around the place in the South and
tried to kill as many civilians as they
could by surprise the aim was not you
know to engage with some Armed Force the
aim is obviously to kill children and
civilian and elderly people so when they
come came to my Kuts H where we were
staying H they uh they they arrived at
the entrance now kibuts is like a small
village but that is a kind kind of
closed you have barriers all around and
then those people from the security but
it's like it's it's nothing compared to
what they had in front of them it were
just four people that were already there
you know patrolling around the kibuts to
try to secure the place so they've been
shot by a miracle I don't know how none
of them was killed they were just I'm
sorry to say just but just injured and
they did stop them I saw the cow when we
finally were a to go out yesterday so
the car the car that was cribed uh with
gunshots so that did stop them you know
they just decided that okay this place
is not that easy to go in let's go to
the next now
it's tearing my heart AP to say this
because the next place is other kibo
just nearby where you know like B like
Fara like n and all those places where
today you have like 25% of the
population that has been brutally killed
and you have children and I saw
yesterday and if this is just one
example you know to make it maybe more
palpable I saw yesterday when I went to
sleep at like about half past 1 and I
could couldn't sleep I saw this picture
of a mother just like me that has been
kidnapped to Gaza and she has a
three-year-old and a 9 month old and as
I'm speaking to you right now they are
there and we don't know what's going on
with them and hundreds of others so
that's the situation