Iran is pledging Revenge tonight
accusing Israel of attacking its Embassy
complex in Syria and reportedly killing
at least seven Iranian military
officials that includes a top General
the air strike comes as Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu faces
growing pressure to step down cbs's
Holly Williams has the new developments
from Tel
Aviv an Israeli air strike destroyed a
building belonging to Iran's Embassy in
Damascus according to Iranian State
media
Iran's revolutionary guards said one of
their senior commanders was among the
dead Israel's military didn't comment
but it's thought to regularly strike
Iran linked
Targets in Jerusalem for the second day
running protesters called for prime
minister Benjamin netanyahu's
resignation and in Tel Aviv on Saturday
demonstrators filled the streets around
Israel's defense Ministry protesting
netanyahu's hand of the war so you're
unhappy with how Israel is is is waging
the war in Gaza they are running this
war in a way which doesn't have like a
um uh you know like an end in sight with
the death toll in Gaza now over
32,000 according to the Hamas ran Health
Ministry Israel's under mounting
International pressure to agree to a
ceasefire but Netanyahu appears in no
rush and orders Hamas are besed defa Dr
Bassam Naim is hamas's head of
international relations what has this
war achieved for Palestinians because
from outside it looks as if all that
Hamas has achieved is in getting more
than 32,000 Palestinians killed it is
not about this round of Confrontation we
are talking about a long journey of
suffering of the Palestinians under this
occupation us and Israeli official spoke
by video conference today about Israel's
plans to launch a ground offensive in
the city of Rafa in southern Gaza the US
has warned against it without a credible
plan to protect civilians Nora Holly
Williams thank you