another Israeli air strike on Monday
this one in the central Gaza City of De
albala sent the injured racing to
hospitals we thought that the mosque was
hit or the house next to us but we were
surprised that the strike hit an empty
land imagine that the strike hit an
empty land and look what happened to the
house there are questions about when
Israel might start a ground offensive in
the southern city of Rafa where more
than a million displaced gazin are
Sheltering Israel says if the hostages
held by Hamas are not freed by the start
of the holy month of Ramadan March 10th
that operation will begin we will do so
in coordinated manner facilitating the
evacuation of
civilians in dialogue with American and
Egyptian partners and minim to minimize
the civilian casualties as much as
possible a US resolution at the UN
Security Council calling for a temporary
ceasefire and an overwhelming vote by
the European Union to do the same is
putting enormous International pressure
now on Israel we must do everything
possible uh to put pressure on the
Israeli government not to go into Rafa
um I have had firsthand accounts from un
agencies from Onre as to the appalling
situation there in Rafa desperate gazin
swarmed incoming Aid trucks to scoop up
as much flour as they could only to be
met with
gunfire a truck deliveries have dwindled
from around 200 each day to just about
200 in all of February meantime Israel
announced it will restrict access for
Muslim worshippers to Jerusalem's Al AXA
mosque during Ramadan potentionally
limiting the prayers only to older
worshippers that could inflame tensions
in Jerusalem which has remained
relatively calm since the start of the
war we affirm our legitimate right to
this mosque we reject any presence of
Israeli police inside the squares of
alaxa
mosque and in another sign of the
pressure prime minister Netanyahu is
facing inside Israel demonstrators
outside his home demanded that he send
Israeli negotiators back to the talks to
secure the release of hostages Andy
rosion trt
world