now it's been 3 months since Hamas
militants launched their biggest ever
attack on Israel on the 7th of October
the attack claimed the lives of 1,200
Israelis and Aid fears of a war spill
over in West Asia is the world's Focus
shifting from the release of the
hostages who are still in hamas's
captivity last year Israel's prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu promised
that the nation's sole mission is to
bring all hostages back home and at the
same time he insisted that the best way
to force AAS to free the hostages was by
applying military pressure While most of
Israel is supportive of the military
operation against Hamas many hostage
families are split over benan Nathan's
aggressive plan of action to bring the
hostages
back I don't think that they're doing
enough I know that they want to release
all the ostes but we would like to to
get an Israeli deal is Israeli
initiative to release all the hostages
and bring them home now we're waiting
over 90 days for our hostages and we
would like to hear about Israeli
initiative Israeli government has
decided to end the negotiation and go
back to the war go back to the uh uh to
the war stage to the fighting stage uh
it's been a very depressing uh time for
us because we understood that
uh the hostages has been given up on
actually uh the government thinks that
applying more military pressure will
help the negotiation but we learned that
it's not the truth out of the 136
remaining hostages it's unclear how many
are still alive in Gaza at least 23 have
been declared dead by Israeli
authorities as Israel's vigil for its
hostage es moves into its fourth month
Benjamin nth has declared that Israel
won't stop its military operations in
Gaza until Victory is
achieved we are not stopping until
Victory the war must not be stopped
until we achieve all of its goals the
elimination of Hamas the return of all
our hostages and ensuring that Gaza no
longer poses a threat to Israel I say
this to both our enemies and our friends
this is our responsibility and this is
our commitment every other consideration
must be set aside and we must continue
until total
[Music]
victory