[Music]
in gazers KH yunice a bulldozer clears
the rubble of a house hit by an air
strike
Israel kept up its heavy bombardment of
targets throughout Gaza overnight on
Saturday that's after prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu vowed to fight until
Victory following the release of the
first two hostages held by gaza's ruling
Hamas
group Israel's military said fighter
jets had struck a large number of Hamas
targets throughout the Gaza Strip in K
Yunis iseline alfara said he was one of
24 people who lived in this destroyed
building he asked what any of them had
done to
[Music]
Israel the Israeli military reported a
fresh Sal attacks from Gaza against
Southern Israeli border communities
Before Dawn and later Sirens sounding in
the port city of ashdod to the north of
the Palestinian Enclave there was no
immediate word of casualties in either
incident on Friday Hamas released
Americans Judith renan and her teenage
daughter Natalie the first hostages
confirmed by both sides to have been
freed they were among 200 kidnapped in
an October 7th crossb attack by Hamas
militants in which
1,400 people mainly civilians were
killed it was the deadliest single
attack on Israelis since the country's
founding 75 years
ago gaza's Health Ministry said Israel's
retal air and missile strikes have
killed more than 4,000 Palestinians
including hundreds of children
on Saturday the first truck's carrying
Aid passed through the Rafa border
crossing with Egypt the UN said the 20
truck Convoy included life-saving
supplies that would be received by the
Palestinian red cresant Hamas said the
delivery which follows days of
diplomatic wrangling included medicine
and limited amounts of
food un officials say at least 100
trucks a day are needed in Gaza to cover
urgent needs and that any delivery of
aid needs to be sustained and at scale
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
he
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
there
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
spe
[Music]
[Music]
for
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
again
[Music]
e