at a time where data is power and the
world base's new vulnerabilities of data
breach iranian hackers targeted several
israeli travel booking websites and
managed to obtain personal information
of over 300 thousand israelis now
according to reports the sensitive data
has now been leaked to different sources
the attack has affected websites
operated by goldtose limited which is a
tourist company that owns over 20 travel
booking websites the privacy protection
authority has said that it had
immediately contacted the owner of the
company to address the security flaws in
their system but the company has refused
to cooperate
according to official reports
authorities raided the company's offices
and seized its
service until the investigation is
complete now officials have said that
the strict measure was taken to serve as
a warning to other website owners who
may try to hide security breaches in the
future
the owner of gold source limited has
rejected any claims made against the
company and has said that the privacy
protection authority has treated him
worse than the iranian hackers ever did
the incident comes after the israeli
government rolled out a new report to
guard the country against online attacks
now the reform requires communications
companies to implement plans for
identifying and preventing future cyber
attacks by targeting communication
networks amid an uptick in cyber attacks
in israel several iranian hacking
incidents have been reported in recent
years in april a group of iranian
hackers took down the israel airport
authority's website last year cyber
attack on the
medical center in hazera completely shut
down its computer system
we are now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move