strikes by two US F-16 fighter jets on
weapons and ammunition facilities in
Syria on Friday are fueling fears that
the Israel Hamas conflict May spread in
the Middle
East
[Music]
an ordered the mission in retaliation
for attacks on US forces by Iranian
backed militia the Pentagon said the two
facilities targeted near Abu Camal a
Syrian town on the border with Iraq were
used by Iran's revolutionary guard
corpse and militia
groups us and Coalition troops have been
attacked at least 19 times in Iraq and
in Syria by Iran backed forces in the
past week let me say this before this
Council US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin told the United Nations on
Tuesday that Washington would act
swiftly if the attacks by Iran's proxies
continued the United States does not
seek conflict with Iran we do not want
this war to widen but if Iran or its
proxies attack us Personnel
anywhere make no M stake we will defend
our people we will defend our security
swiftly and decisively he sent a rare
message to Iran's supreme leader
Ayatollah Ali hamani warning against
targeting us Personnel in the Middle
East the White House set on Thursday
Iran's foreign minister Hussein Amir
abdulin followed up with this warning at
the United Nations I say frankly to the
American
Statesmen who are now managing the
genocide in Palestine that we do not
welcome to expansion of the war in the
region but I warn if the genocide in Gaz
continues they will not beared from this
fire the United States has already sent
warships and fighter aircraft to the
region over the last 3 weeks and on
Thursday at the Pentagon Brigadier
General Patrick Grider confirmed about
900 more US troops are due there while I
won't talk specific deployment locations
for these forces I can confirm that they
are not going to Israel and that again
they are intended to support Regional
deterrence efforts and further bolster
us Force protection
[Music]
capabilities