so these images of of of these of these
thousands of of uh of men women children
uh elderly uh you know carrying just uh
a few things as much as they can carry
in their bare hands basically what what
imagery um what what what does this
imagery remind people of what does it
evoke uh in the collective memory and
and and why is it so
strong it's so strong and so painful
because these tens of thousands by the
way not thousands these tens of
thousands of people it looks as if
they're reliving the experience of their
grandparents from the uh original
disposition that that the thing that
haunts Palestinians the dispossession
from their homes in 1948 so great was
the pain of it that it was called the
knba the catastrophe and here they are
once again carrying their children some
of them carrying their mothers because
they can't walk uh and and leaving their
homes carrying not much else of value
well as much as they can carry of value
so it's a very very very painful image
uh and you can see that it's rattling
Hamas as well because uh when on the day
I think two days ago when 50,000 people
left uh the north of the Gaza Strip and
they left the shatti camp which is a
Hamas stronghold there um the Hamas came
out and criticized the United Nations
they said the United Nations was to
blame for this humanitarian catastrophe
and that the United Nations Refugee
agency had been colluding with Israel it
was the words of their statement in this
forced displacement so you can see how
painful it is um if Hamas is unable to
stop the people from leaving and then
blames the United Nations for this uh as
well as Israel of course but I think
it's the beginning of um a realization
or a reckoning that Hamas realizes now
it's going to have to have with the
Palestinian people and I guess you know
the people of Gaza and the Palestinians
generally because really you could be
saying we're looking at the knba of 23
IR mler thank you so much uh for that
latest update live
from