as the deadly Israel Hamas War continues
to escalate the Israeli military has
released footage which it says shows
hostages being taken into gaza's largest
hospital after the deadly Hamas attacks
of 7th of October further Israel also
published a video forage described as a
55 M long tunnel dug by Hamas under the
Gaza strips shifa Hospital Israeli Prime
Minister benyam Netanyahu criticized
Palestinian president mmud Abbas for
refusing to condemn the attack and
accused of denying hamas's
responsibility Israel has also confirmed
that there will be no ceasefire in
exchange for 240 hostages Hamas took
during its attack on October 7 in
addition Qatar prime minister has said
that a deal to free hostages Hamas
seized in his October 7 attack on Israel
now hinges on minor practical issues
meanwhile India has sent a fresh batch
of humanitarian Aid to the Gaza Strip in
an Indian Air Force c17 aircraft
carrying 32 tons of eight
my goal is that the day after we destroy
Hamas any future civil Administration in
Gaza does not deny the massacre does not
educate its children to become
terrorists does not pay for terrorists
and does not tell its children that
their ultimate goal in life is to see
the destruction and dissolution of the
state of Israel that's not acceptable
and that is not the way to achieve
peace now M the escalating war between
Israel and Hamas Iran backed houis have
hijacked the ship over its connection to
Israel and continue to Target ships in
international waters that were linked to
or owned by Israelis until the end of
Israel's campaign against gaza's Hamas
rulers Israel has called the seizure of
the ship an Iranian Act of Terror adding
the hijacking was a very grave incident
with global consequences Israel has also
confirmed that 25 crew members have been
taken hostage but also confirmed confirm
that none of the crew members were
Israeli Nationals the ship had been in
corfac turkey and was on its way to pipa
of India at the time of theia reported
by Israel meanwhile Hamas has welcomed
the hijacking saying hes are supporting
the people of
Gaza
e
for