these are the sights and sounds of a
family home being
demolished the Jackhammer does its work
while armed Israeli police stand and
chat this was the house of fakri Abu
diab a Palestinian who campaigns against
exactly this sort of thing in the Alban
neighborhood of occupied East Jerusalem
it's this activism for which he says
Israeli authorities are punishing him
need
yes unfortunately the time came for them
to restrain and silence and forbid
people who would defend human rights and
the goal was to silence me
go Israeli police didn't want us filming
the demolition before it started we were
in fak's house when the police arrived
to throw everyone
out being moved
again then they pushed us far down the
road there are demolition orders for
more more than 100 houses in this area
Israeli authorities say they've been
built illegally but there are plans to
turn this Palestinian neighborhood into
a religious theme park called city of
David Amy Cohen works for an Israeli NGO
campaigning for Palestinian rights just
since the start of the war we've had 92
demolitions 61 of them have been homes
and this would be the 62nd home
demolition two demolitions took place
yesterday in Al J so basically was
saying we're seeing a parallel effort to
not only increase more confiscation more
appropriation of land and territory in
East Jerusalem for Jewish Israelis but
also pushing Palestinians out this is a
a measure and process of displacement
that has been played out in the form of
demolitions and confiscation of land
fak's home is gone but the activist says
he'll keep trying to save other
peoples Rory Chalin Al jazer occupied
East
Jerusalem
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jaaz