Russia's defense Ministry released video
Wednesday it says shows Russian fighter
jets and artillery firing at Ukrainian
targets Russian forces have ramped up
attacks on eastern Ukraine as the winter
approaches in Brussels at a NATO foreign
Minister's meeting US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin acknowledged that some
have questioned whether the Us and other
NATO allies should continue to stand
with Ukraine almost 2 years after
Russia's fullscale Invasion but the
answer here today at NATO is clear and
it's unwavering we must and we will
continue to support Ukraine blinkin
sought to reassure allies concerned that
some Republican lawmakers in the US
Congress are reluctant to keep funding
robust military aid for Ukraine he said
Speaker of the House Mike Johnson had
spoken about the need to fund ke
recently which blinken called
encouraging one analyst told vaa
additional funding for Ukraine is not in
blinken's hands there's not a great deal
that secretary blinkin from the
executive branch uh can do about that
it's really in the hands of the
legislature a co-equal branch of uh
government and the Republican party is
sort of ironing out its different
differences or not irony it differences
uh as we speak kimage told vaa that
Lincoln is sending a strong message by
attending meetings of NATO and the
organization for security and
cooperation in Europe or osce during the
Israel Hamas war and there is a kind of
allegation out there or a claim out
there that the US uh has now shifted
attention to the Middle East uh and is
doing less to engage with Europe I think
that secretary blinkin in going both to
the NATO and the occe meetings is very
firmly trying to signal that the US
remains focused on on Europe blinken
returns to the Middle East for talks
Thursday and Friday the third time since
the militant group Hamas triggered the
war with its October 7th attack on
Israel Lincoln said he would work to
prolong the truce so more Israeli
hostages can be released and more
humanitarian Aid can be delivered to
Palestinian civilians in Gaza who
desperately need it
Lincoln plans to visit Israel ramala in
the West Bank and the United Arab
Emirates Cindy s vaa
news