[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
in terms of uh conditions that we would
place on
the um security assistance that we're
providing to uh Israel we've not placed
any conditions on uh on the provision of
this equipment this is a professional
military uh led by professional
leadership and we would uh hope and
expect that uh they would do the right
things in the prosecution of their of
their campaign and and we'll uh we will
make sure that we will leave it to them
to Define what their operations are
going to look like uh but again we have
no reason to believe that uh they would
do anything
[Music]
different
[Music]
our support for
Israel is Rock
Solid we're working urgently to get
Israel what it needs to defend itself
including Munitions and Iron Iron Dome
interceptors
interceptors and we will do so even as
we continue to support the people of
Ukraine as they fight against Russian
[Music]
aggression
well NATO as Alliance is not directly
involved uh uh but of course it was
important for us to address uh the
situation today and we were briefed by
the Israeli defense
minister uh we saw a shocking video and
uh and of course the reports are are are
shocking and that's also reason why
allies have so strongly condemned uh
these horrific terrorist attacks uh
against uh civilians in in
[Music]
Israel
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
kind of l in De with my husband's family
my family my
grandchildren we have no
electricity we've no
water the food we do have which is
little will not last because there's no
electric and it will
spoil I have four grandchildren in this
home a two-month old baby a 4-year-old
and today two 9-year-old twins their
birthday I ask the world to help the
[Music]
Palestinians
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Music]
for