all right moving on once teeming with
life Israel's military actions have left
much of the Gaza in runes the pain and
sorrow is edged on the faces of
returning Palestinians they had hoped to
find some remnant of their former lives
only to be confronted with a harsh
reality of a city reduced to ashes
here's
[Music]
more
with destroyed neighborhoods and
buildings reduced to Rubble the once
bustling Gaza Strip lies in Ruins today
adjacent to the Mediterranean Sea it
once had one of the world's highest
population
densities today there are only heaps of
concrete many people who returned found
their houses in Ruins While others
couldn't even locate their
homes
[Music]
yesterday they told us that the Israeli
military have withdrawn from Khan yunice
we headed to our homes I don't find my
home because of the rubble where is my
place where is my home it is unknown our
condition has become tragic we hope to
die rather than to live amid the crimes
of the occupation
Army
no words can describe my pain I have no
words to express my feelings our
memories our dreams our childhood and
our family are all gone I didn't find
anything to take out from the rubble we
didn't take anything when we fled our
[Music]
home
the numbers complete this Grim picture
of the
devastation Palestinian Health official
say of the over 33,000 Palestinians
killed around 2/3 are women and
children 1.9 million people are
internally displaced the Israeli forces
may have retreated but gazans have
nowhere to stay with 62% homes under
Rubble the plight of the gazans is a
reminder of the horrors of the war and
the fragility of human life as the world
watches the cries for justice and the
please for age grow ever more urgent
echoing across the shattered landscape
of this once thriving
onclave we a report weon world is
[Music]
one for all the latest news download the
weon app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel