Fallout continues today after bombshell
allegations from prime minister Justin
Trudeau that the Indian government was
involved in the killing of a prominent
sick leader in Surrey ctv's Angela Jung
has more on what the family of Hardeep
Singh Niger is saying and how the
political world is reacting
the Revelation that the Indian
government may have been involved in the
killing of Hardeep Singh Niger is
something that the family has said this
entire time and the son says he's
relieved to hear the Prime Minister
acknowledge this it's finally coming to
the public eyes that you know the Indian
government is involved in this it's
Malika dispute within the community but
some really serious foreign interference
case last night dozens of people
gathered outside the temple as they have
been on the 18th of each month to pay
tribute to Nature the 45 year old was
the president of the guru nanak Sikh
guwara in Surrey and was gunned down in
the parking lot on June 18th after
evening prayer Niger was a vocal
supporter of the creation of a separate
state of six and at the time he was
organizing an unofficial referendum in
India we need above pressure on India
you know you can't just come to a
foreign country and kill a citizen who's
speaking against you that's a singular
Canadian citizen
from Quebec and speaking I was saying
you know I want a separate State and
Canada kills them that's just silencing
the matter but it's not right the Prime
Minister wants India to take this
seriously we are not looking to
um
provoke or escalate we are simply laying
out the facts as we understand them and
we want to work with the government of
India to lay everything clear and to
ensure that there is proper protein the
Indian government denies the allegations
calling them absurd and motivated adding
such unsubstantiated allegations seek to
shift the focus from kalistani
terrorists and extremists who have been
provided shelter in Canada and continue
to threaten India's sovereignty and
territorial Integrity the enaction of
the Canadian government on such matter
has been a long-standing and continuing
concern Canada has expelled its top
Indian diplomats and in a Tit for Tat
move India has now expelled its Canadian
counterpart
Angela drung CTV News Surrey