[Music]
here are the top developments from the
ongoing Israel Hamas
conflict one six Palestinians killed in
West Bank the health Ministry of Gaza
said that at least six Palestinians were
killed and many wounded in Israeli raids
across occupied West Bank overnight the
Israel Hamas War has increasingly
spilled over into the West Bank with
Israeli attacks and clashes leaving
hundreds of Palestinians dead
two dozens killed injured in air strike
in K Unice dozens have been killed and
injured in an Israeli air strike
targeting a house near the alal hospital
and the Palestinian red Cent
headquarters in gaza's southern city of
kanun the rescue service has
confirmed three more than 400 targets
struck in Gaza Israeli military says the
Israel Defense Forces said it had
carried out strikes on more than 400
Targets in Gaza over the past day it is
the highest number reported since the
end of the troops with Hamas a week ago
IDF in a statement said and I quote
approximately 450 targets were struck
from the air sea and ground as ID of
troops operating in Gaza Strip continued
extensive battles with terrorists in a
separate operation carried out overnight
the Israeli Navy struck dozens of SES
used by Hamas Naval forces in cental and
Southern
Gaza four over 177,000 Palestinians have
been killed at least 17,1 177
Palestinians have been killed in Israeli
attacks in Gaza since October 7 a
spokesperson for the Hamas controlled
Health Ministry said some 46,000 people
have been injured and the majority of
wounded people are children women and
the
elderly five fewer air trucks entering
Gaza human agency says just 69 trucks
carrying desperately needed Aid entered
Gaza from Egypt on Thursday less than
half the daily average during the Israel
Hamas truce last week the United Nations
humanitarian agency said meanwhile only
61,000 lit of fuel made it true on
Thursday far below the average of 1 lak
110,000 L during the temporary Seas fire
for more updates on the Israel Hamas War
please follow the Indian Express on
YouTube