concerns over the risk of a wider Middle
East conflict increased on Sunday as the
US dispatched more military assets to
the region that's also as Israel
continued to Pummel Targets in Gaza as
well as Hamas supporters in Lebanon and
Syria medical sources in Gaza said more
than 200 Palestinians were killed in
Israeli air strikes
overnight in gaza's canun this funeral
was held for seven family members killed
in an air strike that hit their home at
dawn Israel began its unrelenting air
strikes on Gaza one of the most densely
populated places on Earth after Hamas
gunman breached the border on October
the 7th their Rampage killed
1,400 people most of them civilians and
saw 212 hostages taken back to Gaza the
enclaves Health Ministry said on
Saturday that Israel's retaliation had
killed more than 4,000 and Palestinians
including hundreds of
children Israel has amassed tanks and
troops near gaza's fenced border for a
planned ground Invasion and according to
an Israeli Army spokesperson intensified
their bombardment
overnight rear Admiral Daniel hagari
said the deputy chief of hamas's Rocket
Force had been killed and that killing
quote terrorists and seniors was their
priority in neighboring Syria where
hamas's main backer Iran has a presence
Israeli missiles hit Damascus and Aleppo
international airports according to
Syrian State media Israel also said it
had bombed iran-backed Hezbollah Targets
on Saturday Hezbollah said six of its
Fighters were killed meanwhile the US
defense secretary Lloyd Austin has said
Washington will send more military
assets to the Middle East it's a move in
support of Israel and to strengthen the
US defense posture in the region
following quote recent escalations by
Iran and its proxy
forces Austin said a terminal high
altitude area defense system and
additional Patriot defense missile
system battalions would be sent and more
troops put on
standby the US has already deployed
significant Naval power to the Middle
East in recent
weeks