well in an attempt to further
investigate the killing of the
palestinian-american journalist shireen
abu aklay israel is planning to test the
bullet that
resulted in her killing this is to
determine whether one of its soldiers
shot the victim the united states will
stand by as an observer to the testing
[Music]
israel said on sunday it would
forensically test a bullet that killed
palestinian american journalist shireen
abu aklee palestinians accused the
israeli military of deliberately
shooting dead the well-known al-jazeera
reporter during a raid in the west bank
city of janine in may
israel denies this saying that abu aklet
was either hit by stray army fire or
shot by palestinian gunmen during a
clash with israeli forces
both sides hope that a ballistic test on
the fatal bullet will yield answers to
the question of who killed abu agle but
deep mistrust between them has hampered
the investigation the palestinians on
saturday handed the bullet to a u.s
security coordinator and said they'd
received assurances israel would not
take part in the test
america
but in an interview with army radio on
sunday an israeli military spokesperson
said quote the test will not be american
the test will be an israeli test with an
american presence
[Music]
he added
if we killed her we will take
responsibility and feel regret for what
happened we also feel regret when
civilians are killed by palestinian
gunmen
israel's minister for diaspora affairs
told reporters on sunday quote we should
not fear an investigation from the first
moment we wanted an investigation we
invited the americans and told them to
be a part of it i think that is the
right decision he added quote we don't
shoot journalists
the general prosecutor for the
palestinian authority said the test
would take place at the u.s embassy in
jerusalem a u.s embassy spokesperson
said quote we don't have anything new at
this time u.s president joe biden will
meet with israeli and palestinian
leaders on a visit to the region later
this month
[Music]
you