[Music]
a Palestinian delegation accompanied by
international law experts traveled to
the un's highest court in theh taking
the first step towards day hope stopping
one of the world's longest and bloodiest
occupations for the first time in its
history the international court of
justice will have to rule on the
legality of Israel's confiscation of
Palestinian land opening the oral
hearings the Palestinian foreign
minister described Israel's occupation
as a system of apar heide that has
turned Palestinian into second class
citizens for over a century the
inalienable right of the Palestinian
people to self-determination has been
denied and
violated Palestine was not a land
without a people it was not as Israeli
leaders have described it A Wasteland
there was life on this land the only
solution consistent with international
law is for this illegal occupation to
come to to an immediate unconditional
and total
end Israel captured the West Bank Gaza
and East Jerusalem in
1967 areas of historic Palestine which
Palestinians want for EST State armed
with maps Mali showed the court how over
the decades Israel has confiscated
Palestinian land Israel wanted the the
geography of Palestine but not its
demography so it kept pushing our people
out out of their homes out of their land
here is the fifth map it was displayed
by Israel's prime minister to the
general assembly last September he
called this the new Middle East this is
no there is no Palestine at all on this
map Paul rler a US lawyer who has
regularly argued cases at the icj said
it's clear Israel has no intention to
ever leave the land
whatever offenses against international
law Israel commits the United States
comes forward to Shield it from
accountability this case is different to
the one of genocide South Africa filed
last month the UN highest court ordered
Israel to stop all potential genocidal
acts in Gaza another decision by this
court although nonbinding to stop the
unlawful occupation of Palestinian land
will carry moral Authority and will
further increase International pressure
on the government of Benjamin nety more
than 50 countries will present
submissions in the coming days stop F Al
jazer
the make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer