breaking inputs at this point of time
and we given to understand that there's
a heavy deployment of security forces at
rajat as well because the information
that is coming in is that arvind krial
is expected to visit rajar before
leaving for the Ed office and this is in
fact an announcement that is being made
by the police there so heavy security
deployment
outside
deoy is getting us more details on that
announcements being made that cm is
expected to first go to rajat and then
to the re
office well absolutely see uh the
announcement has come in from the Delhi
police side that CM Arin krial after
leaving his house might go to rajad at
around 10 and that is why looking at the
current situation and movement of armad
party workers the security has been
tightened in front of rajat and we are
standing in front of Arin kial residents
you can see Delhi police along with crpf
personels has been deployed out here
several layers of barricading also has
been put out uh so clearly at Ed office
at Arin kajal's residence as well as in
front of rajad there has been heavy
deployment which is being done by the
Delhi police and also when you come from
the neighboring states towards the
national capital at the borders also
security has been tightened by the Delhi
police looking at the possibility of
protest by the arm admy party workers uh
meanwhile there has been no call which
has been made by the uh arm admy party
yet whether there would be a protest
here in the national capital or not but
looking at the possibility the Delhi
police have made these
Arrangements
absolutely absolutely Sai B and rishab
stay on with us now while we're talking
about developments in the liquor Gates
scam remember the enforce enforcement
directorate is carrying out searches at
the premises linked to Delhi Minister
Rajkumar Anand the searches are on since
this morning we'll go across to rishab
for a very quick update on that but
first a short break stay on with
us