and Chris as I come back to you there
because there's another story involving
the United Nations I'd like to ask about
this morning a team from the UN Chris
has now arrived in Israel to investigate
claims of sexual violence during the
October 7th attack carried out by Hamas
and I'm wondering as we take a look at
this what do we know about the
objectives and the approach the
investigators are going to take
here so Heather permilla Patton is
heading that team she's the special
representative of the UN secretary on
sexual violence in conflict and her team
landed in Israel today her team will be
in the country and the occupied West
Bank until early February they were
invited by the government of Israel
Patton has said that her visit's aim is
to give voice to survivors and witnesses
to identify ways that the UN can support
deliver accountability and to report
back to the UN Security Council it's at
those meetings by the way Heather at the
UN Security Council that we've heard the
is Israel's Ambassador uh with a lot of
anger and frustration accus un leaders
of ignoring claims of sexual violence
during the Hamas attacks on Israel there
have been many protests in Israel Over
the un's slow response to these
allegations and Israel has also launched
its own investigations into reports of
rape and extreme brutality against women
on October 7th and ongoing sexual abuse
against hostages being held by Hamas in
Gaza so this un team will be looking
into those allegations into those
reports however uh Patton and her team
said that this visit is not mandated to
be investigative in nature but there are
other un agencies that are in charge of
those kinds of Investigations uh that
have expressed willingness to step in
and unlikely we'll hear more details
about that following the outcome of this
visit