turning to the war in the Middle East 17
additional hostages have been released
on the third day of the four day
ceasefire between Israel and Hamas amid
calls from the International Community
urging an extension of the pass Israel
appears open to prolonging the
ceasefire however it emphasizes that a
ground operation will resume at the end
of the agreement Shin ha has
more as the temporary Seas fire between
Israel and Hamas is set to end on Monday
the International Community is urging an
extension of the truth according to AFP
on Sunday France has expressed a need
for the ceasefire to continue until all
hostages kidnapped by Hamas are released
during an interview with French media
French foreign minister Katherine Colona
urged for the release of the hostages
from France and other countries
emphasizing the necessity for a further
ceasefire earlier US President Biden
also hop the pause and the fighting
would go on as long as hostages were
getting released that's my goal that's
our goal to keep this pause going Beyond
tomorrow so that we can continue to see
more hostages come out and surge more
humanitarian relief into into those in
who in need in Gaza Egypt and the
Netherlands have agreed on the need to
extend a truth in the Gaza Strip and
take urgent action to deliver
humanitarian Aid to the
Palestinians other Arab countries
including Saudi Arabia and Jordan have
also emphasized the importance of
extending the ceasefire between Israel
and Hamas on the third day of Hostage
releases on Sunday Hamas released 17
hostages including 13 Israelis in
exchange for 39 Palestinians who had
been held in Israeli detention centers
33 of the Palestinians released by
Israel were
teenagers the Associated Press reports
that Hamas is willing to release more
hostages in exchange for an extended
ceasefire sighting sources close to the
pal Stan militant group they were
willing to release an additional 20 to
40 hostages with 58 hostages being
released in the first three days of the
4-day temporary ceasefire so far it's
still short of the reported 240 people
taken captive by Hamas on October 7
meanwhile in a video statement to
President Biden Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu said he is open to
extending the current ceasefire but once
it is over the military's ground
operation will return in full force
sh