US President Joe Biden's growing
frustration with Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu continues to mount
the Democrat was captured on H Mike
saying that he and the Israeli leader
will need to have a come to Jesus
meeting the comments by Biden came as he
spoke with Senator Michael Bennett on
the floor of the house chamber after the
State of the Union Address Bennett was
urging the president to keep pressing
Netanyahu on growing humanitarian
concerns in Gaza
Secretary of State Anthony blinken and
transportation secretary pit
bed were part of the brief
conversation this is how it
went I
told that was
good the US has been airdropping R of
Aid into Gaza this comes after the air
drops resulted in civilian casualties on
the ground sencom has acknowledged the
casualties and they expressed sympathies
to the families of those who were killed
meanwhile the US Egypt and Qatar have
been trying to broker an agreement that
would stop the fighting for 6 weeks and
include the release of some hostages
held in Gaza in exchange for some
Palestinians imprisoned in Israel and
now the US Secretary of State Antony
blinkin has said that it was up to Hamas
to agree to a ceasefire that would allow
more humanitarian Aid into Gaza and pave
way for talks on an enduring resolution
to the
conflict the uh issue is Hamas the issue
is whether Hamas will decide or not to
have a ceasefire that would benefit
everyone uh the ball is in their Court
we're working intensely on it uh and
we'll see what uh we'll see what they do
but there's no doubt in my mind that um
getting to to this ceasefire with the
release of
hostages uh would be a profound benefit
to everyone
involved the Palestinian militant group
left talks in Cairo aimed at reaching an
agreement to pause fighting ahead of
Ramadan Israel and Hamas blamed each
other for the lack of agreement on a
deal that would require Hamas to free
some of the hostages it still holds in
exchange for 40-day
truce
for all the latest news download the we
on app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel