there has been um a major sort of
increase in terms of the violence that
we're seeing in West Asia with Israeli
strikes now taking place on Damascus and
Aleppo uh airports in Syria this is
something which has been reported in
just the last little while as we
understand it uh air travel into
Damascus and Aleppo has now been stopped
this also comes at a time uh when the uh
Iranian foreign Minister's aircraft was
on its way to Damascus but we believe
the aircraft has turned around now after
the bombing uh on Damascus airport which
is not operational at the moment neither
is Aleppo let's go straight across now
to my colleague kadamani Sharma who
joins us for the latest news K what are
you
hearing well what we are hearing at the
moment Vishnu is that both the airports
of Syria alapo and Damascus have been
attacked but this is something which has
happened before as well because uh
Israel does not want arms coming through
Syria into uh into Gaza and that is a
serious problem but now when the attack
has taken place on Saturday since then
this is the first attack which has taken
place there now we also have to remember
that there were there were several uh
missile attacks from that side rocket
attacks from that side from Syrian side
into into Israeli territory and Israel
has said that it is actually responding
to what has happened so uh at the moment
the situation is tense but it is not
something which has not happened before
the only thing is Israel is trying to
give a message that no other country
should be getting involved in the
situation which which has evolved since
Saturday's Hamas attack on the civilians
where almost more than 1,000 civilians
Israeli civilians were butchered vu