the Israel Hamas war escalates with each
passing minute death stol continues to
mount on both the sides Western Nations
have voiced their support for Israel
while Arab Nations have voiced their
support to the Palestinian cause amid
this many world leaders urg for peace
and retaliation from both sides US
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin met
Saudi foreign minister Prince fesel bin
faran the two leaders discussed the war
in Israel bin faran condemned attacks on
civilians on both the sides meanwhile
linol said that killing of 1300 people
by Hamas militants defied
description civilian populations on both
sides are being affected and here it's
important I think that we all uh condemn
the targeting of civilians in any form
at any time uh by anyone during the
press conference after wrapping up his
China visit EU foreign policy official
Joseph borl responded to questions about
about the escalating Israel Palestine
the Israel Hamas conflict noting that
critical developments have been observed
in the Gaza region listen to
this today we are facing a great
humanitarian very humanitarian situation
in Gaza and certainly we we discuss
about the situation there agree a lot
with the Secretary General of United
Nations when he says that the request by
the Israeli Army for 1 million people to
leave in 24 hours the north of Gaza STP
it's uh something that could not be done
on Saturday Chinese foreign minister
wangi spoke with blinkin on the phone
the two leaders also discussed the
humanitarian crisis in Israel and Gaza
Egyptian foreign minister met both his
Turkish and German counterpart turkey's
foreign minister said he does not accept
the policy of displacing Palestinians
and deporting them to Egypt meanwhile
Germany's foreign minister said Israel's
war against Hamas should Place highest
regard to the humanitarian situation of
innocent
[Music]
peoplee
foreign speech
fore fore for
spee
mus Iran has warned Israel to
immediately halt its war crimes against
Gaza otherwise it will and it can face a
huge
[Music]
resistance