am made growing International comination
over Israel's continuous attacks in Gaza
which has resulted in thousands of
Civilian casualties Israel's president
has signaled Readiness for a new
temporary CH in Gaza is has
more the Israeli military's continuing
air strikes and ground offensives in
Gaza has resulted in thousands of
Civilian deaths and that has led to
Growing International condemnation
including from traditional allies the
United States has also called on Israel
to scale back its attacks to Target only
Hamas Aid growing criticism Israeli
president Isaac herac has said his
country is willing to agree a new
temporary truce with Hamas in Gaza in
exchange for more hostages speaking to a
gathering of ambassadors on Tuesday
Herzog said Israel is ready for another
humanitarian pause and additional
humanitarian Aid in order to enable the
release of hostages the previous 7-Day
temporary ceasefire last month led to
the release of 86 women and children
held by Hamas in exchange for 240
palestini women and teenagers held in
Israeli jails the militant group also
released 24 forign Nationals during that
period meanwhile Hamas leader isma hanay
is expected to visit Egypt on Wednesday
to hold ceasefire talks raising hopes
for another temporary pause in Gaza
however Israeli defense Chief yoav
Gallant says its military plan to expand
its ground offensives in the Gaza Strip
to other areas he added that through the
expansion of the ground offensives
Israel will bring high-ranking Hamas
officials to the graveyard or prison he
also said that conun where many refugees
from the north of Gaza flood has become
the center of terrorism adding the
military will continue its operations in
the region meanwhile the director of
Kamal adwan Hospital in Gaza admitted
that Hamas has turned hospitals into
military facilities under its control
the comments came during an
interrogation by the Israel Security
Agency where the director revealed how
the military group uses hospitals for
military purposes including hiding its
operatives conducting military
activities and moving its members EJ
adid news