well the Israel Gaza War has completed a
month today today and since Hamas
attacked Israel on 7th October Israel
has been on the mission of finishing
Terror and today the Israeli troops have
encircled Gaza City in an operation to
wipe out Hamas since the beginning of
the ground offensive in Gaza Strip the
IDF has struck more than 2,500 targets
by land air and sea in fact Israeli
troops have captured Hamas stronghold in
Gaza and struck 2,500 plus Hamas targets
so far in this operation over 300
terrorists have been eliminated
including 55 Hamas commanders in a raid
of a Gaza home conducted by the Israeli
troops they discovered a cachier of
weapons including rifles grenades
explosive devices armed drones and RPGs
the troops also discovered a lab which
was being used by Hamas for production
of
weapons
spe
[Music]
[Music]
well currently the Israeli troops and
tanks have encircled Gaza the IDF has
claimed that they will enter into Gaza
City in the next 48 hours troops have
divided Gaza City into North and South
Parts amid the fierce Counter Strike the
Israeli Defense Forces also opened a
corridor for the evacuation of Civilian
for 4 hours the residents have been
asked to take the route from Salah Alin
road to badi Gaza the four our
humanitarian passage will be allowed
from 10:00 a.m. and will close at 2:
p.m. let's now tell you how the Hamas is
operating from Gaza the IDF in fact has
released a video showing its military
had located Hamas rocket launchers in
very close proximity to a swimming pool
and a playground in Gaza the troops also
claim that Hamas has hidden Rockets
rocket launchers within a playground and
amusement park compound in Northern Gaza
the IDF said Hamas uses these sides to
fire rockets inside the Israeli
territory
well the IDF also detailed how Hamas is
using medical facilities for its Terror
Network the IDF troops who are in the
Gaza Strip fighting Hamas have
discovered a secret entrance to hamas's
Terror tunnel in the shik hammad
hospital IDF spokesperson claimed that
this secret tunnel connects two Hamas
tunnel networks not just this IDF also
released a video capturing how Hamas
terrorists opened fire at the Israeli
troops from inside this
[Applause]
Hospital
[Applause]
[Applause]
for
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
foree this