now Israel has launched air strikes on
several positions in southern Lebanon
targeting Hezbollah the Lebanese armed
group says six Fighters were killed in
the past 24 hours let's get more on that
live now with Zena Hoda who is in
southern Lebanon uh Zena we've seen a
lot of exchanges of fire in recent days
but this seems like a pretty big raid by
the Israelis on Southern
Lebanon well yes a series of air strikes
targeting what they calling Hezbollah
positions along the border as of late
Israel has increased the intensity the
pace the scope of its attacks but the
attacks are also becoming more direct
surgical strikes direct hits the
casualty toll suffered by the Lebanese
armed group Hezbollah really is
Testament to that six fighters in the
past 24 hours in the past week Hezbollah
lost 17 Fighters now since the conflict
began along the border 11 weeks weeks
ago the group lost
113 so you can see the relatively High
death toll in recent days now sources
are telling us that Israel is using
technology it is a technologically
advanced Army it has drones in the sky
they they don't leave the Skies of
Southern Lebanon just not not just along
the border but in other areas of Lebanon
considered to be hezb strongholds they
are also intercepting telecommunications
equipment in the first few weeks of the
conflict Hezbollah attacks really
concentrated on targeting Israeli
surveillance Towers cameras along the
border it wanted to Blind the enemy but
there's only so much it can do with
drones in the skies 247 in the skies now
Israel no doubt stepping up the pressure
it is part of a negotiating tactic
because what Israel wants is for
Hezbollah to agree to withdraw from the
border to pull back for from the border
so that the tens of thousands of
Israelis can return to their homes in
Northern Israel now while Israel says it
prefers diplomacy it is also threatening
War but Hezbollah 2 is not phased saying
it is ready for any quote aggression
against the group or against the country
Z and Southern lean on thank you very
much for joining us