that issue right now is G of savant from
Israel and he's also been touring the
areas from where these hostages were
kidnapped and so many were massacred
even babies in their crib remember gorov
what is the reason can we say then the
ground offensive is being delayed could
the safety of the hostages and uh to to
get them back Remains the
priority the Israeli Defense Forces say
that the rescue of hostages remains top
priority and several interlocutors
including the United States the United
Kingdom other friendly nations are
constantly in touch uh with Hamas of
course through interlocutors like Qatar
and other countries that have a
considerable influence over the Hamas so
Israel wants to negotiate from a
position of strength and not from a
position of weakness and that is why the
air strikes the missile strikes the
rocket strikes and the use of Apache air
to ground uh helicopters the attack
helicopters their use is actually
intensifying on day 17 of this conflict
so effort of Israel is to ensure that
it's um hostages are repatriated and as
quickly and as safely as possible but
not on a bent knee uh that has been
Israel strategy it will continue to
pound Hamas strongholds and it wants
Hamas to hand over the hostages they're
not just Israeli hostages there are
several of the United States of America
at least 10 and some from other
countries so Israel says it's a
two-prong strategy they're adopting one
pound Hamas bases ensure that they no
longer pose a potent threat uh to the
Israeli people either as a terrorist
organization or even as a political
entity uh in the Gaza Strip at the same
time negotiate for quick repatriation of
hostages or there will be more
consequences for Hamas