moments ago from Capitol Hill House
Republicans with help from some
Democrats approving more than $4 billion
in aid for Israel only not for Ukraine
as President Biden had requested nor is
there any humanitarian aid for
Palestinian civilians caught in the
middle of this war let's get right to
our chief White House correspondent Mary
Bruce and so Mary what are you learning
what is the White House saying what's
the future of this money given how they
passed this well David the house just
narrowly passing this $ 14.3 billion do
in military aid for Israel this is money
to help replenish the Iron Dome missile
defense system and to bulk up Munitions
12 Democrats joining the overwhelming
majority on Republicans on this but
David this bill tonight is Dead on
Arrival this is the first big move for
the new house Speaker Mike Johnson and
he is defying President Biden and
bipartisan opposition in the senate for
what this bill does not do there is no
humanitarian aid for Gaza and no funding
for the war in Ukraine and to pay for
all of this Israel Aid only Republicans
in an unpreceded ented move are
demanding equal cuts from the IRS now
Johnson is adamant he says he is not
playing politics here but the White
House says this bill is bad for Israel
that it sets a bad precedent and the
president has said he would veto this
the Senate has said they won't even
bring it up so David the bottom line
this bill tonight isn't going anywhere
Mary Bruce live at the White House for
us Mary thank you hi everyone George
Stephanopoulos here thanks for checking
out the ABC News YouTube channel if
you'd like to get more videos show
highlights and watch live event coverage
click on the right over here to
subscribe to our Channel and don't
forget to download the ABC News app for
breaking news alerts thanks for
watching