[Music]
walala toe heel is in Israeli custody
for the fourth time he's a journalist
who has filmed many of the violent
confrontations between Israeli soldiers
and Palestinians in Hebron his initial
is right in the Israeli soldiers stormed
our house at dawn and arrested Bilal
they didn't let him say goodbye or even
put on his clothes there are several
Israeli officers in Hebron who always
keep an eye on him he is known for his
field
his father says his son has not been
charged with anything the only thing
he's done is work as a journalist but
that may change soon if the Knesset
Israel's Parliament passes a proposed
law that will punish the filming of
Israeli soldiers with up to ten years in
prison the
proposed law was drafted by the
ultra-nationalist Israel beta new party
and the Israeli Defense Minister Avigdor
Lieberman supports the bill
IDF soldiers are subjected to attacks
from those who act against the Israeli
people and terror supporters who try to
humiliate and shame them we will put an
end to this one of the most
controversial videos involving the
Israeli army was the killing of
Palestinian Abdul Fattah Sharif in
Hebron in 2016 the Israeli soldier who
killed Sharif LOA Zarya was convicted of
manslaughter and spent nine months in
jail his sentence was widely ridiculed
as too lenient but without the video
it's debatable whether he would have
even been convicted
bride Ivana Mila says he documents
Israeli army violations against
Palestinians in the old city of Hebron
if the bill on filming soldiers is
adopted he thinks the Israeli Army's
actions will go unnoticed and unpunished
the
proposed law is unjust to Palestinian
people it will prevent us as journalists
from documenting the Israeli killings of
Palestinians
the final wording of the bill has yet to
be agreed on but rights groups say it is
an attempt to conceal the reality of
Israel's occupation
Abubakar Hashanah he trt world
[Music]