now the tensions between west Asia's two
Regional powerhouses Israel and Iran are
at an alltime high this month's dramatic
escalation kicked off with an Israeli
strike on Iran's Consulate in Damascus
followed by a largely foiled Iranian
attack of over 300 Airborne weapons on
Israel Israel claims Iran launched 120
ballistic missiles 30 cruise missiles
and around 170 unmanned aerial vehicles
according to Israel's top military
officials they intercepted 99% of the
incoming missiles and drones barely a
few ballistic missiles got through
Israel's defenses and caused minor
damage the Israeli forces managed to
achieve this feet as its air defense
comprises multiple systems such as short
range iron doome the mid-range David
sling high altitude Arrow interceptors
Patriot missiles and advanced fighter
jets which are operated by the IDF and
allies such as the United States the
United Kingdom and
France now Israeli officials have not
given any detail about the cost of their
defense but according to reports
repelling the Iranian attack which
lasted just about 5 hours cost Israel
and its allies some $1.2 billion while
on the other hand the cost of Iran's
attack probably amounted to between $80
million to $100 million
now this is some 5 to 10 times less than
what was what Israel has spent to repel
it looking more closely at the price
tags now according to reports Iranian
ballistic missiles cost around $100,000
each and its Shahid drones cost between
20,000 to
$50,000 on the other hand Israel's Tamir
missile that the Iron Dome uses costs
them between 20,000 and $100,000 each an
aom missile cost Israel 3 $5 million and
it is $1 million for David sling
according to reports the US estimates
Iran's stockpile to have at least 3,000
more ballistic missiles and hundreds of
launchers which allows thean the
theoretical leeway to attack Israel
multiple times for Israel repelling
these potential attacks might lead it to
drain its finances and even stretch the
missile production capabilities of the
country and its allies
for all the latest news download the
weon app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel