caught in the Israeli bombardment of
Gaza are the more than 200 people Hamas
took hostage on October 7th five have
been released it's impossible to imagine
what the rest of them are enduring and
as Mike Armstrong explains their
families fear the world is forgetting
them Mike Al Donna this installation is
called lights of Hope standing in the
middle it's a little like being
surrounded by bright candles and strands
of light but it's something to see as
the sun goes down here in Jerusalem and
the these lights in the parking lot of a
basketball arena turn into one massive
beam Rising into the sky it's visible
from several kilometers away meant as a
sign of solidarity now it's from the
ground that you see the individual
lights and what they represent they're
234 each with the name and photo of a
hostage that includes Canadians Vivian
silver and Judy Weinstein both missing
since October
7th now families of the host is held a
rally outside the knesset the Israeli
Parliament Monday afternoon their
message for the government that its
primary goal should be returning their
loved ones above all
else even if it says to release all the
Palestinian prisoners to create a
ceasefire to to bring fuel to to Gaza we
are willing to pay any price to see our
loved ones again my mother is a very
strong lady but she's a 63 and she will
have a be day on this Friday 64 so we
want her to celebrate with us the plan
for this site is to keep it going as
long as it takes and to remove a light
each time a hostage is returned the
installation's been up for a week
already and in that time they haven't
had the chance to take down even a
single light Donna Mike Armstrong in
Jerusalem