hasbullah Chief Hassan nasar Al has
issued fresh warning of retaliation
against Israel after the killing of
Hamas deput Chief s Al aruri in beut he
says Lebanon would be exposed to more
Israeli operations if his militant group
does not
respond I say this will not pass without
a response nor without a punishment we
will not use the term in the right time
and location the decision my brothers
and sisters is in the field where will
be responding therefore our reaction
will surely come we cannot stay silent
on a violation at this level of danger
because this would mean all of Lebanon
will be exposed all of the city's
Villages figures will be
exposed Hamas leader Al aruri was killed
in a drone strike on Southern suburb of
beut on Tuesday Hezbollah and Hamas have
blamed Israel for the death but Israel
has not claimed responsibility nasar
Allah also added that fighting in Gaza
would present a quote unquote historic
opportunity for Lebanon to restore its
control over territory that was occupied
by Israel during the 1967 Arab Israel
war what is this new opportunity it is
the opportunity to be able in God's will
after this phase and the end of
aggression in Gaza for Lebanon to be
able to liberate the rest of its lands
starting with the B1 point in nakura
reaching kajar Sheba farm and the hills
of kashuba we now have a historic
opportunity to entirely liberate every
inch of Lebanese
land shortly after hamas's October 7th
attack hisbah started firing Rockets
towards Israel tensions have been
escalating since then on the Israel
Lebanon border at a lower intensity than
the battan Gaza but the parallel
fighting it's caused destruction
displacement and Death on both sides
it's raised fears of a wider Regional
War nasar Allah says Hezbollah had
carried out some 670 operations on the
Lebanese Israeli border since then
destroying a large number of Israeli
military vehicles and tanks Israel army
says troops have heightened their
Readiness for war across its northern
border with
Lebanon Theon is now available in your
country download the app now get all the
news on the move