[Music]
UNESCO is stepping into one of the
world's most stubborn conflicts and it
isn't coming out unscathed the
Palestinians are asking it to declare
Hebron and it's tomb of the patriarchs
endangered World Heritage Sites but
they're getting pushback from Israel and
the u.s.
the tomb of the patriarchs is a
historical Islamic site but Israel also
declares that it's an Israeli site
because it's tied to Abraham the cave or
tomb which they call a holy site is
considered sacred to the Jews which is
also why they're expanding in Hebron and
supporting the settlers living here it's
an important decision
the palestinians argue that have iran in
the tomb of Abraham and his family are
at risk because of the Israeli
occupation but the US ambassador to the
UN nikki Haley argues they're under no
immediate threat and Israel says UNESCO
shouldn't be turned into a political
organization heparin is home to more
than 200,000 Palestinians and 500
Israeli settlers the tomb is located in
the old city of Hebron where most of the
Israelis live surrounded by Palestinians
there is no doubt that if he bronze is
resisted as a part of world heritage
will reflect positively on the city
which has large tourism potential it is
also going through difficult situations
because of the Israeli occupation
however designating this city as part of
the world heritage sends a message of
peace and it is also part of the
Palestinian people's contribution to
human history the Palestinians say have
Ron in the tomb of the patriarchs are
tied to their history these really say
their part to theirs and shouldn't be
declared a Palestinian Heritage Site
UNESCO is now discussing the status of
the tomb of the patriarchs a point of
conflict for Palestinians and Israelis
both sides are trying to win support for
their positions as well as trying to
protect their historical connections to
the tomb and to the city of Hebron as
well a Mahamaya TRT world Ramallah in
the occupied West Bank
[Music]
you