here in the jabalia refugee camp in
Northern Gaza people prepare to Mark Eid
alfid the feast that ends the month-long
observance of Ramadan amid the
destruction there is little cheer for
Palestinians this
year there is no meaning for Eid from
inside the shelter places this man says
the devastated Enclave is facing the
risk of widespread famine and disease
with nearly all of its inhabitants now
homeless about 6 months in into Israel's
airon ground campaign in Gaza which was
triggered by hamas's attack on Southern
Israel on October 7th Israel says Aid is
moving into Gaza more quickly after
International pressure but the amount is
disputed the United Nations says it's
still much less than the bare minimum to
meet humanitarian needs Hamas said on
Tuesday that an Israeli ceasefire
proposal delivered during talks in Cairo
fell short of its demands but the group
said it would study the offer further
and deliver a response to Egyptian and
Qatar
mediators the talks have so far failed
to reach a breakthrough in pausing the
war Hamas wants any agreement to secure
an end to the Israeli offensive a
withdrawal of forces as well as to allow
displaced people to return to their
homes Israel wants to secure the release
of hostages seized by Hamas in the
October attack of the 253 people seized
on October 7th 133 hostages remain
captive residents said Israeli forces
kept up air strikes in central Gaza and
Rafa on Tuesday
[Music]
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu told military recruits the
same day that Israel will quote complete
the elimination of Hamas brigades
including in Rafa he has said victory
over Hamas required going into the
southern city and that there is a date
for the operation despite Washington's
warning not to go ahead US Secretary of
State Anthony blinkin says he expects
the talks between Israel and US
officials to take place next week on
that potential operation there have been
International pleas for restraint in
Rafa where over a million displaced
civilians are holed
[Music]
up me
[Music]
IO
video yes
[Music]
[Music]
yes
[Music]
[Music]
spe
[Music]
on bu
on
in
[Music]
for
[Music]
[Music]
fore
fore
for
for
y