[Music]
US Secretary of State John Kerry's
vision for sustainable peace between
Israelis and Palestinians is a two-state
solution nothing new but still the only
way he says to end the violence but here
is a fundamental reality if the choice
is one state
Israel can either be Jewish or
democratic it cannot be both
this week Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu rebuked the United
States after it abstained from a united
nations vote that condemned continued
Israeli settlement building Kerry though
defended the Obama administration's
position President Obama has been deeply
committed to Israel and its security and
that commitment has guided his pursuit
of peace in the Middle East the State
Department is denying Prime Minister
Netanyahu's claims that the US helped to
draft and promote the passage of the
United Nations resolution Netanyahu was
not swayed by Kerry speech but now I
must express
my deep disappointment
with the speech today of John Kerry a
speech that was almost as unbalanced as
the anti-israel resolution passed at the
UN last week as a new administration
takes power in less than a month Kerry
delivered a warning to president elect
Trump and key advisers who have been
sharply critical of Obama administration
policies including the Iran nuclear deal
the two-state solution is now in serious
jeopardy
Netanyahu expects to hear a more
sympathetic voice from the incoming
Trump administration and that seems all
but certain earlier in the day president
elect Trump tweeted his dissatisfaction
between the Obama administration and
Israel and hinted that the u.s.
relationship would change for the
benefit of Israel once he takes office
Colin Campbell TRT world Washington
you
[Music]