loss of civilian life uh whether it is
Israeli civilian life or Palestinian
civilian life uh is uh is not uh should
not happen you know Hamas is not a
militant organization Hamas is not a
resistance movement uh they are just
barbaric terrorists we need at this
stage to eliminate them
eliminate from the face of this Earth
You know we need to dismantle we need to
to to you know free the Palestinian
people the 2 million Palestinian people
that lives in Gaza they need to be freed
from these terrorist control of of Gaza
a loss of civilian life uh whether it is
Israeli civilian life or Palestinian
civilian life uh is uh is not uh should
not happen that's something that's never
desirable uh and never welcom and I was
one of the first members of Congress uh
to protest when Hamas which is clearly a
terrorist organization that came in and
attacked Israel
so you know Hamas is not a militant
organization Hamas is not a resistance
movement uh they are just barbaric
terrorists there's no other way to
[Applause]
debe and you know uh this is the time
where we just can't just push them uh
because they will regroup and come back
and do these atrocities once again yes
uh that's what they will do so you know
we need at this stage to eliminate them
eliminate from the face of this Earth
You know we need to dismantle their
military operations we need to to to you
know free the Palestinian people the 2
million palestin people that Liv in Gaza
they need to be freed from these
terrorist control of of Gaza so that is
really uh what I feel now there is a lot
of talk about ceasefire but I feel that
is
premature uh you know these Hamas
terrorists have used the civilians uh
misused the civilians uh as a shield for
them and and unfortunately that's
causing uh tremendous loss which is so
regretable tremendous loss of lives of
innocent people but these innocent
people they need to have their future
they need to have their life uh they
need to have their human rights and they
need to be freed from the oppression of
Hamas and uh basically exploitation
Hamas is doing of these innocent
civilians uh in in from breaking news
detailed analysis in-depth interviews
and explainers follow the Times of India
subscribe to our YouTube channel don't
forget to like our videos and hit the
Bell icon to stay updated with the
latest