amid the ongoing public resistance
against judicial overhaul in Israel
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu has
vowed to advance the controversial
judicial reforms Massey protests against
these judicial reforms have continued
over the last five months since they
were introduced in February this year
protest organizers are adamant about not
giving up until the government cancels
the proposed changes rather than
delaying them in the latest the Prime
Minister has said his government is
ready to take active steps to push the
legislation through at a weekly cabinet
meeting on Sunday the Prime Minister
vowed to quote unquote begin the
Practical measures on the reforms in
spite of ongoing demonstrations
foreign
the proposed judicial overhaul would
give politicians greatest way of
selecting judges it would also
reportedly limit the power of the
Supreme Court to strike down
legislations meanwhile the process has
so far been marred by process from
opposition leaders as well earlier this
week the Israeli Parliament delivered a
strategic blow to Netanyahu by electing
an opposition member to sit on the
committee responsible for appointing
judges
after 24 weeks we've been demonstrating
the revolution has not been cleared from
the table the government still has the
Revolutionary laws in the knesset in the
Parliament and they are able to pass
these laws wherever they want to they
have the majority in the Parliament and
we are here to make sure those laws were
made in the trash bill of History
even though the plan has not been
approved as quickly as Netanyahu was
hoping Netanyahu says his government
remains committed to pushing through
those changes
huyon is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move
[Music]