Royal Navy destroyers and frigates do
not have the capability to strike houan
targets and this situation has been
described by a former UK defense Chief
as a scandal now this deficiency has
left the US to strike land targets
against the hoties alone a British
defense Source said that the HMS Diamond
the Destroyer stationed in the Red Sea
has not joined retaliatory strikes on
hooti targets instead it had been
directly involved in success destroying
hooti drones targeting shipping in the
Red Sea this comes after a British link
container ship caught fire after
becoming the latest vessel targeted by
houti rebels at the time the Indian Navy
the warship vak patnam came to the
rescue of the distressed vessel in the
Red Sea the captain of the mar Luanda
thanked the Indian Navy who helped put
out the blaze on the
tanker of the world knows that yesterday
we were strike struck by a missile in
Gulf of Aiden due to this missile attack
the vessel was on fire and uh it was not
a small fire it was a huge fire it's a
loaded tanker and I hope people know
that what happens if a tanker goes on
fire loaded tank so I really thank
Indian warship IUS vishakapatnam they
have done a really tremendous job we had
actually lost the hope that we won't be
able to fight this
fire a former Admiral suggested that the
inability on show in the Red Sea shows
that the British armed forces would be
unable to withstand Chinese or Russian
warships another former senior defense
Chief said that it was scandalous that
Navy ships were not currently equipped
with surfac to surface missiles this
comes as several NATO members are facing
warnings about bolstering their
militaries in the event of an armed
conflict most likely with Russia the
ministry of defense spokesman stated and
I quote we have already shown with our
typhoon capability that we are leading
Force among our allies in defending the
Red Sea we are proud of our brave
servicemen and women for all they are
doing it's nonsense to suggest anything
except that we are playing a key
role
[Music]