update it is almost 6:00 a.m. in Israel
and uh Wednesday 4 days after the war
started with Hamas 4 days after Hamas
breached into Israel attacked Israeli
communities murdered and massacred
Israeli civilians and took dozens of
Israelis hostage into Gaza the death
toll is a
staggering
1,200 dead Israelis I'll repeat that
number because it is unimaginable
1,200 dead Israelis the overwhelming
majority of them
civilians and more than
2,700 wounded and
sadly uh something tells me that these
numbers are not the final numbers what
we're be what we have been doing from
the air over the last hours and actually
an entire day is striking targets with
great power and severity we have been
striking all of the different targets
the military targets belonging to Hamas
now you may have seen footage on TV or
on social media and you may see a
building standing and then flashes and
then the building collapses and you say
to yourself well that looks very much
like a civilian building what I want to
tell you is that no that isn't a
civilian building it is a legitimate
milit milary Target and why is that
because Hamas uses all locates all of
their offices headquarters their
research and development and all of
their other military assets if it's
above ground they locate themselves in
civilian buildings I want to be totally
clear the IDF remains committed to the
law of armed conflict and we conduct
ourselves according to it despite the
fact that we are Furious angry
frustrated and appalled by the
atrocities that Hamas has done against
us we still keep our morals and we still
make sure that we fight according to the
laws that we are committed to and that's
how we will continue despite the
difficult
situation
[Music]
[Music]