for all the talk of ceasefires or
humanitarian pauses this was Gaza as
night
fell it is the area around the
Indonesian Hospital in the north of the
strip and look at this from
inside a local team in Gaza were filming
at the time at another hospital
nearby and they moved to the scene of
the
blasts we don't know the cause of the
explosions the hospital itself was not
directly struck but it was hit by
shrapnel the Israeli military claimed
this week that it is situated above a
network of Hamas tunnels and near a
launch site for Rocket attacks on
Israel officials in the hospital say it
is overc capacity with injured and now
more
from our location 3 miles away it was
still
huge well they're certainly the biggest
explosions we've heard in days and they
come amid confusion with American
officials saying that Israel had agreed
to a new form of humanitarian pauses the
Israelis quickly saying that was not the
case in Washington The Divide between
what America says it wants and what
Israel is willing to do was clear did
you act him to pause for 3 Days to get
the hostage out for that time asked for
even a longer pause for some of them on
the hostages whose fate May rest on the
success of pauses in the fighting
Biden's CIA Chief met Qatari mediators
for Hamas in Doha and with Israel's
intelligence Chief there was some
potential good news two of the hostages
Hannah Katy 77 and 13-year-old yagil
Yakov could soon be released according
to the group holding them on the
humanitarian situation inside Gaza this
was telling I was struck by what you
said a moment ago that there is in your
view no humanitarian crisis in Gaza
that's your view right
yes as an Israeli flag was raised on a
beach in Gaza their Anthem was played
symbolic indeed markstone Sky News in
southern Israel