palese will be free as the chance got
louder how many kids you kill today the
crowds got
bigger a crime killing children is a
crime killing children is a crime more
than 100 protesters returned to downtown
Halifax continuing their calls for a
ceasefire in Gaza we're losing people
we're losing children and that's not
okay anywhere free Palestine the rally
hosted by the Atlantic Canada
Palestinian Society was deliberately
held just outside of the Weston Hotel
where a number of politicians were in
town for an International Security Forum
vote them
out Halifax has seen a flurry of pro
Palestinian demonstrations in the last
few weeks but some say as the situation
in Gaza becomes more serious so will the
language around what is happening in
earlier protest we were kind of uh
chanting for humanitarian boss Seas fire
but right now it's Beyond the Seas fire
what I'm asking for it's in the war for
Palestinians living in Nova Scotia the
reality of what's Happening back home
can be felt even thousands of miles away
it has been honestly like horrible to me
like like for me every time I'm at
school all I think about is my family
back home I wake up first thing my
family back home we lost a lot of people
from my immediate family we lost in
touch with most of them uh we lost a lot
of properties as well but even in the
midst of their grief they remain firm on
their call I'm here to fight for the
basic human rights that my family back
home has to fight for and I'm over here
calling for a ceasefire and do literally
the least that I could do to help out my
family this group says their protests
will continue until the lives of the
residents in Gaza are fully accounted
for and protected they say they won't
accept anything less Vanessa Wright
Global News Halifax