securing trade routes and stamping out
piracy is an age-old problem but
Maritime security is now at the four of
international
concern nations are struggling to
prevent houy missile attacks on Merchant
shipping passing through the Red Sea as
well as curbing other illegal activity
the primary challenges for you know
Maritime security is mainly based on the
Marine trafficking the piracy and you
know smuggling so the countries in their
territory of the sea they try to get
teams and you know task forces to
prevent uh the Marine trafficking and
especially the Pirates there for to
enables and prevents the actually the
industrial traffic in the
seaways an EU task force is being
reinforced as the houthi armed group
attacks Merchant vessels using Advanced
missiles there's now a growing need for
the task force to be bolstered with the
latest types of Warship capable of
destroying these missiles before they
hit Merchant ships this is the bridge
the operations center for the latest
Italian multi-roll frigate that will be
sailing to the Red Sea and the Gulf of
Aiden as part of a maritime task force
to ensure security for all shipping
passing through the Italian frigate for
dero martinengo will be a core part of
this augmented EU Maritime Mission off
the coast of Yemen equipped with
Advanced Radars and long-range Precision
missiles it's capable of intercepting
most types of houy weapon it's been
patrolling from the Red Sea to the Horn
of Africa ensuring it deters most
potential attacks we have been deploying
the first months in the Red Sea Gulf of
Aden and the straight of Babel mandb in
support of the Italian interest over
there then we switch our um task because
we start working under the EU flag as a
flagship of operation Atlanta the EU
Naval mission was initially set up in
2006 to stop piracy off The Horn of
Africa since then its missions been
extended Maritime security is a broad
term that uh to be achieved me needs a
lot of effort and a continuous presence
uh in the area this presence will be
secured by these Advanced Naval vessels
which are able to perform humanitarian
as well as military missions their task
will be to curb piracy and trafficking
and also intercept missile attacks that
the houthi group shows no sign of
stopping Alex copas Al jazer Doha