[Music]
as the sun sets people gather for a
Friday Shabbat dinner a weekly Jewish
ritual where communities come together
to share a meal marking the start of the
religious day of rest but this Shabbat
dinner is unique it's a multifaith event
with Christians Muslims and those of
other faiths all coming together to take
a stand against the genocide in Gaza we
have a history of Oppression as the
Jewish people and that is prec PR L the
reason that we should stand up and say
we will not have persecution we will not
have oppression and we will absolutely
not have genocide in our name or in the
name of our ancestors we know what a
part it is in South South Africa we also
as an African continent know what
genocide is we know that before the
Holocaust there was the namibian
genocide so it's important that we
connect these struggles and it's
important to remember that in connecting
them we are also connecting our shared
humanity and I think that's what the
importance of some like tonight
is this prayer dinner also hosted some
of the members of the team that
presented South Africa's genocide case
against Israel at the international
court of justice in the ha so let's be
honest this is not a war amongst
equals these
injustices
deserve demand
recognition because that is the only way
to secure accountability and a just
resolution While most Jews and some
Christians here support Israel there has
been a long history of solidarity
between the South African and
Palestinian Liberation struggles many
people here still remember and are
inspired by the words of the first
Democratic president Nelson Mandela who
said we know too well that our freedom
is incomplete without the freedom of the
Palestinians while hamas's October 7th
attack sparked widespread condemnation
here Israel's actions in Gaza have
provoked regular demonstrations
demanding an immediate ceasefire as the
significant sufferers of apit we are at
moral ground to be able to raise our
hands so that the conscious of the world
can be re awakened to realize what is
really happening in that um area is
exactly the same as the part that we
have suffered activists here say they
will not stop raising their voices until
the International Community shows the
same solidarity to Palestine that was
once offered to the oppressed people of
this
nation T World
[Music]
Johannesburg