just a few days back an American drone
blew up a car in Bagdad killing what
Americans claimed was a high ranking
commander of the kab hisbah group The
American Military said that the strike
killed Abu Bakr aladi the commander of
the kabbah operations in Syria
Washington further claims that he was
responsible for directly planning and
also participating in attacks on
American troops and here's how the
American Military killed the kabbah
leader with a secret missile that it
claims is designed only to kill
terrorists and
not other nearby civilians experts and
others familiar with counterterror
operations have said that the highly
secretive helli
r9x is indicated in the attack the
missile is known by various nicknames
including the knife bomb or the flying
Ginsu officials believe that the r9x is
less likely to cause civilian casualties
because instead of exploding it cuts
through the targets with sharp blades
unlike other models of the hire the r9x
does not carry an explosive payload
instead it has six rotating blades that
emerge on its Final Approach to the
[Music]
Target
[Music]
so the way this missile operates is that
it opens up the vehicle or other
obstruction to get through to the Target
without using an explosive Warhead so
how does the missile reach its Target
now the missiles are launched from
Hellfire armed drones following the
launch the blades are retracted during
the flight the r9x missile then uses its
kinetic force and the blades to kill the
Target by slicing through the individual
in 2022 the r9x missile was used by The
Americans to kill Amon Al zahi while he
stood on a balcony at his home in
downtown
Kell beon is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the move