now that being said Isha the houthis
have been Relentless the Yemen based
Rebels claim to have mounted six attacks
on ships with drones and missiles in the
last 72 hours in the Gulf of Aiden and
the Red Sea absolutely in fact the US
has managed to counter these missiles
with its own missiles in our next report
we tell you how the US has been drawn
into and is fighting what seems to be a
NeverEnding war with the Pentagon
sending millions of dollars to deflect
the relatively cheaper drones fired by
the
[Music]
hoodis the vital shipping lanes of the
Red Sea have become an unlikely
Battleground in the conflict between the
US Navy and Yemen houti Rebel
forces the Iranian backed houti
militants are deploying swarms of
lowcost commercial drones to Target not
just commercial vehicles but even us
warships which have no choice but to
counter these threats with extremely
expensive missile defense systems the US
vows to counter the houti
[Music]
Menace the United States will continue
to hold the houthis accountable for
their attacks which have not just uh uh
disrupted International Commerce not
just disrupted the freedom of navigation
in international waters estimates
suggest the basic drones utilized by the
houis cost a mere $1,000 to $2,000 each
in stark contrast the US Navy standard
missile 2s and standard missile 6s used
for air defense run a staggering $2.1
million and $4.9 million per unit
respectively with the houti unleashing
relent less drone waves the US is forced
to burn through its costly missile
inventory at an alarming rate the houis
on the other hand aren't deterred by
American air
[Music]
strikes the yemeni Armed Forces carried
out six military operations during the
past 72 hours using a large number of
ballistic missiles and drones as follows
the naval forces and the missile Force
carried out four joint operations of on
four ships including the American ship M
Saratoga in the Gulf of
Aiden experts point out that the US
despite deploying its aircraft carriers
in the Red Sea have failed to secure the
Red Sea this has disrupted global trade
and Supply chains particularly affecting
routs through the Su Canal which handles
about 30% of the global container trade
cargo ships are forced to take long
expensive detours around the Cape of
Good Hope bu report we on world is
[Music]
one