all right so let's start this broadcast
with some breaking news that has come in
from the occupied Palestinian territory
of the Gaza Strip now according to
reports and also According to some
footage that is coming the Israeli
military has amassed dozens of tanks and
other armored vehicles along its border
with the southern part of the Gaza Strip
in what appears to be a clear indication
that its preparations are pretty much
ready for a ground Invasion into the
Border City of Rafa in Gaza now the
tanks and armored vehicles are stationed
near Israel's Kum Shalom Crossing next
to Rafa and these are the images of the
tanks and the armored vehicles that the
Israelis have never masked potentially
it appears that they could move into
Rafa against all Global public opinion
and also what even the Americans who are
the closest of Israeli allies have been
saying for the last several weeks and
months now the Israeli leaders say that
Raa is the last stronghold of Hamas in
Gaza and they've disregarded
international calls in opposition the
Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu has
vowed to invade into
Rafa located along the Egyptian border
as part of his plan to wipe out
Hamas the move has come after over 6
months of war in which over
34,000 Palestinians have been killed in
this Relentless offens of the Israelis
which is dragged on for week after after
week and month after month for over 6
months so this of course is a big
breaking news that has just comeing 1.4
to 1.5 million Palestinians were driven
out of their homes because of this
campaign of Israeli bombings have now
sought refuge in Rafa and Israel it
appears has now got its tanks and
armored vehicles ready for a ground
Invasion into Rafa these are the latest
images from the kamam Shalom Crossing
where it is now being reported that
preparations pretty much are complete
with with respect to the tanks and
armored vehicles that Israel has massed
for a potential ground Invasion into
[Music]
Rafa for all the latest news download
the Von app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel