since restoring diplomatic relations two
years ago cooperation between turkia and
the United Arab Emirates has gone from
strength to strength during a 45 minute
meeting presidents Reb Ty erdogan and
shik Muhammad bin Zed al- nahan
discussed strengthening economic ties
and the war between Israel and Hamas
their meeting was held on the sidelines
of the world government Summit in Dubai
during his keynote speech president odan
spoke at length about the ongoing
conflict he said turkey is ready and
willing to play an active role in a just
and Lasting
peace we have expressed our Readiness to
assume the responsibility including as
garant TOS together with other countries
in the region to establish and ensure
peace we have made are making and will
continue to make every effort in the
face of this tragedy that has claimed
the lives of more than 28,000 innocent
people he also criticized Israel's
expansionist
policies without the establishment of an
independent Sovereign and geographically
integrated Palestinian state with East
Jerusalem as its capital within the 1967
borders every step taken will be
incomplete and the problem will not be
solved the president made his strongly
worded comments on the second day of the
world government's Summit the event
brings together some 4,000 delegates and
25 heads of state and government to
generate discussion around Global
political and economic development on
the sidelines he also held bilateral
talks with the leaders of Libya Rwanda
and Iraq's Kurdish Regional government
while in Dubai the president met with
UAE Business Leaders to discuss
International Investment in turkia the
next stop on his overseas tour will be
Egypt on Wednesday his first visit there
in more than 10 years Melinda New saora
trt World
Dubai
[Music]