an estoration is being used as a war
arm and when we condemn this happening
in Ukraine we have to use the same words
for what's happening in Gaza it's a
false outrageous accusation it's an
outrageous
[Music]
comparison
[Music]
[Music]
it's a false outrageous accusation it's
an outrageous comparison um I just said
in the briefing that and we've been
saying it for months that there is no
restriction on the amount of food and
water that are able to be that are
allowed to be delivered into the Gaza
Strip under the direction of the
government in partnership with Koga last
night six humanitarian Aid trucks
entered the northern Gaza Strip in a
convoy from the world food program they
entered via the 96 gate on the security
fence close to kibuts B the United
Nations world food program is the
world's largest humanitarian agency this
was a p to prevent Hamas from taking
over the aid as they often
[Music]
[Music]
do but this is a
humanitarian crisis which is not a
natural disaster it's not a flood it's
not a
earthquake it's a
man-made and when we look for
alternative ways of providing support by
sea or by air we have to remind that we
have to do it because the natural way of
providing
support through roads is being closed
artificially
closed and estoration is being used as a
full
arm and when we condemn this happening
in Ukraine we have to use the same words
for what's happening in Gaza
continue asking and more than asking
Israel to not to impend humanitarian
support to go through the natural way
which is by road and in the meantime
let's try for other solution which will
be less efficient and never an
alternative to the hundreds of tracks
that they should come in to Gaza to
avoid the starvation of hundreds of
thousands of
[Music]
people the two-stage solution we talk
about it many years ago and now we talk
it again but
admittedly we have never seriously tried
TR to make it a
reality and in order to make it a
reality the first step should be an
unanimous resolution by this Security
Council endorsing a two-stage solution
and defining the general principles
which may lead to this result and on
that European Union is ready to
[Music]
cooperate
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
oh