Israelis have begun to bury the dead
including this man who was killed during
the fighting at the beeri kibuts in
southern Israel Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin spent the day in Israel
meeting with top officials including
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu and Israelis grieving the loss
of their loved ones blinkin said he
arrived in the country not just as a US
Diplomat but also as a Jew you father
and husband in this moment where he said
the suffering is hard to Fathom the
message that I bring to Israel is this
you may be strong enough on your own to
defend yourself but as long as America
exists you will never ever have to we
will always be there by your side
blinkin said he plans to meet with
leaders in the region to try to prevent
spreading of violence that has claimed
at least 2,800 lives on both sides and
to try to win the release of some 150
hostages Hamas is still holding from
here I'll go on to Jordan where I'll
meet with his majesty King Abdullah and
with Palestinian Authority president
Abbas and then over the coming days
we'll visit with leaders in Saudi Arabia
the United Arab Emirates Egypt and qter
as Israel continued to pound Gaza City
with air strikes blinkin said he and
Israeli leaders discussed ways to
address the humanitarian needs of Gaza
residents blinkin said he also planned
to bring up the possibilities for safe
passage of civilians out of Gaza during
meetings with regional leaders in the
coming days Israel is gathering massive
forces tanks and other heavy armor
around the occupied Palestinian
territory as it continues its
retaliatory campaign against what prime
minister Netanyahu called the sheer evil
of Terror attacks by Hamas Cindy s vaa
news