Israel retaliated by shelling the Gaza
town of beta noon and some 30 other
targets are Jerusalem corresponding
ira's McClure filled us in on the
details we are hearing an Isis offshoot
group known as the Friends of the
grandson of the Prophet the Friends of
the grandson of the Prophet Mohammed
linked to Isis linked to the Sinai
that's one isis-related group the second
is a Palestinian group much more
well-known with a particular grievance
it's protesting against the new Israeli
policy of Rio resting Palestinian
prisoners who've served long sentences
the day after they've left prison but
the point is so it has a particular
grievance the point is neither is Hamas
and it's Hamas that Israel targeted so
we are and Hamas that is accusing israel
of raising the level and that these
attacks are unusual attacks the
strongest the harshest response since
the gaza war so that's what we're seeing
now Israel vs. Hamas no matter who fires
the rocket at the moment neither side
wants an escalation Israel launches this
harsh response not its usual response to
one rocket because it's once its people
to be able to go through their summer
holiday in their summer holiday in the
south in peace Hamas is standing on the
brink of elections the first elections
in more than 10 years it wants to show
its a good manager but here in this part
of the world and especially in the Gaza
Strip you're only over to mistakes away
from an escalation so we could be
looking at something that really
explodes unexpectedly we have to watch
the next 24 hours and see if there's a
response from Gaza back into Israel or
if we're going to melt away into a tense
for quiet continuation of the summer