tension between the Israel and the Hamas
is now escalating on other borders of
the neighboring countries of Israel
since last two days there is heavy
exchange of Mt misiles between hisbah
and Israeli Defense Forces yesterday
late evening in a Israeli uh missile
attack two people a couple in the shiba
area of Southern Lebanon got killed
where many houses got damaged in that
Israeli attack and on other side hisbah
has claimed that they have damaged fire
Army installations of Israeli Army on
Southern border of Shiba hisbah has also
produced a video on their website where
it is visible that a communication Tower
of Israeli Army is being destroyed by a
mortar bombs on the southern Border in
shba not only the Israel has intensied
it is uh Armed Forces on ground but also
now they are keeping Keen vigil on the
mediterian sea behind me because this is
the sea where each and every country of
the Middle East gets connected to one
another and to keep Vision on each and
every uh part of this sea is not
possible for America as well as for
Israel and during the past Wars the sea
root could not be any big success for
Israel that is why mostly the hisbah and
Iran use these sea roots not only to
transport the weapons but also the
fighters the way in uh which the Muslim
World volunteers are trying to join the
war against Israel in Gaza and the way
Iran is backing and supporting this SW
it seems that this mediterian sea could
be another infil ation point for Israel
in Middle East that is why they are so
much worried and uh keeping eye on the
activities of sea also yesterday evening
in Syria a missile was shot by the
Israel uh through sea which damaged the
tri airport and Syria has uh Clearly Now
said that they are not they will not sit
calm and will be uh looking these uh
kind of
uh provocations by Israel so the war
between Israel and the Middle East is
now at its peak because there is so much
tension in the all the Middle East
countries the pressure from the public
that in the way where the regularly on
hundreds uh of uh numbers of the uh
Palestinians are being killed not only
in Gaza but also in the West Bank and
now the casual
in other borders of Israel in Middle
East Ashani find you today from
mediterian sea in South
the