the attack on Israel by Hamas has left
the world in shock and divided in many
Arab countries thousands of people took
to the streets to show their support for
the Palestinian cause many also rallied
behind Hamas some have gone to the
extent of saying that this was a long
time coming but amid all this there is a
pertinent question that has been evaded
by global leaders time again why has the
world turned a blind eye to Israel's
systemic occupation of pal Palestinian
settlements let's just take a step back
and look at some key events which have
triggered A Century Of
Violence Britain conquered then
Palestine in
1917 and ruled the region for decades in
1939 Britain issued a white paper to
declare the region as a quote unquote
bational State what it means is that the
region would be inhabited by both Jews
and Arabs this was the British mandate
for Palestine a document which did not
Grant a clear two-state solution and now
it is being blamed for triggering
decades of volatility in the region let
me tell you how 9 years later Israel
declared independence during the 1948 AR
of war the UN and several Western
countries immediately recognized Israel
as an independent nation but what marked
a day of independence for one was a day
of Calamity for another May 14 1948 is
what Palestinians refer to as the nakba
which translates to
catastrophe since then several reports
and Survivor accounts reveal horrifying
details of Palestinian dispossession
during the nagba between 1948 to 1950
Israel's military forces expelled at
least
750,000 Palestinians from their homes
they captured more than three quarters
of the
territory the Palestine that was ceased
to exist what now remains of it is
majorly the Palestinian settlement
across the Gaza Strip West Bank and
parts of Jerusalem we are now available
in your country download the app now get
all the updates on the move