the IDF continues to extend its ground
operations against Hamas centers in all
of the Gaza Strip the forces are
fighting face to face with terrorists
and killing
them
[Applause]
[Music]
today the idea of assassinated with the
guidance of intelligence from security
agency and intelligence Branch along
with the southern command the commander
of the shatti Brigade with a fighter jet
the shatti commander was the one who led
the battle in the past month in the
shatti area under his command raids were
also launched into Israeli territory in
the brutal Massacre on October
7
at the beginning of the displacement we
were in the DAR ansar neighborhood we
were displaced to the Shati refugee camp
after that we were displaced to the KB
area of the zun district and after that
we returned to shatti refugee camp and
then we went to the hammad town
residential complex and then today there
was a threat against hammad town and
they told us to evacuate to Rafa and
today we are leaving to Rafa really
there's no safe area in Gaza we were in
zeton and it was sheld we were in the
shti refugee camp it was shelled we were
in Hamad town yesterday seven TOS were
shelled we can't see any safe areas but
we move because what can we do we have
children and all night there's shelling
so we move from area to area but there's
no safety anywhere in
Gaza
the naval forces of the yemeni Armed
Forces with the help of Allah Almighty
carried out this morning a targeting
operation against two Israeli ships in
the bab El mandb Strait The targeted
ships were the unity Explorer and the
ship number nine the first ship was
targeted with the naval missile and the
second ship was targeted with a naval
drone the targeting operation came after
the two ships ignored warning messages
from the yemeni naval forces
[Music]
today missiles were fired at two
commercial ships without a connection to
the state of Israel I will repeat that
so it's clear without any connection to
the state of Israel one ship was
significantly damaged and it is in
distress and apparently is in danger of
sinking and another ship was lightly
[Music]
[Music]
damaged