us
us is ham terror
attack is Embassy us Washington DC
spokesperson T thanks a lot for joining
me in this conversation just tell me
first the ground situation in the
Israel thank you Hamas Terror
organization launched a massive terror
attack in Israel through the air through
the sea and ground uh we have until now
more than three um 3,000 missiles uh
hitting Israel uh most of them
intercepted by Iron doome uh and uh
what's more traveling is a hostage
situation uh beside
250 already confirmed dead Israelis
unfortunately we have more than a
thousand uh injured we have uh a
substantial number of hostages in Within
These hostages women children and the
elderly so you are based in Washington
DC what is your information if the
attack by Hamas the terror attack by
Hamas it is backed by the hisbah also
and some help from Iran s uh there is no
question and no doubt about uh the
connection between Iran and Hamas we
know they're being funded or theyve been
um uh trained by Iran Kamas is a terror
organization there is uh no doubt that
Iran is behind it um and uh we are uh
appreciate uh greatly ER the President
Biden's um declaration Iran has
congratulated Hamas as you know and the
Qatar and Saudi Arab both have said that
it's a occupation occupation forces from
Israel so if the situation can escalate
in in in uh uh if we if we focus on such
kind of
references um it can always escalate we
really hope it will not and I have to
say that the Israeli Army uh is uh ready
we need to see where it goes but I can
tell you that uh Hamas will suffer
greatly uh from this attack India stands
uh in solidarity with Israel Prime
Minister Modi uh he has given a message
and he said that India is with Israel so
how do you perceive India's role in this
hour of
Crisis um of course India is one of uh
uh uh Israel closest friend and Alli uh
we really appreciate Mod's support and
declaration there is a United Nation
emergency meeting United Nation Security
Council emergency meeting what's your
expectation from that
meeting uh I hope that the the UN and
the security Council will take uh uh a
strong and firm stand against uh this
massive terror attack that been
uh launched against civilians so we hope
uh the UN will take a a strong and a
firm stand um um stopping the violence
uh from Hamas thanks a lot tal for
talking to
us ABP
News