the Israeli Army says a first plane
carrying US military aid has arrived at
an Airbase in the south of the country
the US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin is heading for Israel later a
trip which Washington says is intended
to send a message of solidarity and of
support well in a speech on Tuesday
President Biden said he'd make sure
Israel had what it needs to defend
itself against attacks by Hamas he
described the assault as an act of sheer
evil So In This
Moment we must be Crystal Clear we stand
with
Israel we stand with
Israel and we will make sure Israel has
what it needs to take care of its
citizens defend itself and respond to
this attack there's no justification for
terrorism there's no
excuse but in a phone call with Israel's
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu the
White House says Mr Biden stressed the
need to disting distinguish between
terrorists and innocent civilians our
North America correspondent shingai yoka
gave us this analysis of Mr Biden's
approach well in his actual speech um if
there are limits he didn't spell them
out explicitly well not publicly anyway
um his speech was incredibly emotional
where he referred to Hamas as pure and
unadulterated evil and reiterated what
he said all along that the United States
stands with Israel but he also said that
Israel has the right and a duty to
defend itself against Hamas essentially
giving them um a blank sheet a blank
space uh to be able to do what they want
and what they need to to be able to uh
put Hamas down uh but what we've been
hearing as you mentioned there is that
President Biden um has been speaking
privately to prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu aw he has um urged restraint
and expressed concern about the fate of
the civilians and uh what he said
publicly uh in his address was that the
that Israel is like the us and that it
respects the rules of War as well as
International as well as international
law but there are concerns expressed by
the United Nations as well as the
European Union that this will not happen
and that the fate of 2 million
Palestinians is at risk even as is
Israel escalates its offensive but I
don't really think that many people here
will expect to hear criticism from the
US as Israel escalates its offensive
against Hamas