Israeli defense officials confirm more
than 120 civilians are being held
captive in Gaza by Hamas right now ABC
News foreign correspondent Britt clenet
joins me now from Tel Aviv as well Brit
you just spoke with the IDF the Israeli
Defense Forces what do they tell
you Phil they are keeping very tight
lipped about any specifics related to
this land Invasion but an IDF
spokesperson did tell me they're looking
at carrying out a very focused very
targeted military attacks he said they
want to strike hard based on
intelligence and in a very standard way
he said he said the goal really is to
take out Hamas capabilities so that they
can never ever strike Israelis again uh
there does appear though to be a kind of
clearing operation underway the IDF said
its forces went in and foiled anti-tank
missile squads also attempts are
underway to find those hostages held in
Gaza Israel is saying there are at least
120 of them in there right now now BR
you just heard Ian talking about
obviously how difficult the task you're
talking about is for the IDF because
it's such a densely populated area and
even though they're telling 1.1 million
people to head south people are still
there everywhere so how is the IDF going
to try to locate these hostages when in
fact it's it's known that usually when
hostages go uh to Gaza they get spread
out and even sometimes
underground right as you say phix
extremely difficult and obviously the
IDF doesn't want to give away their
methods but it does uh take a range of
strategies you know to track them
including phone cell data it may also
take intelligence gathering from other
Regional Partners uh information from
their families perhaps but you know it
won't be an easy task as we keep saying
as there may be held in underground
tunnels and other very secret kind of
hidden
locations all right Brit CED for us from
Tel Aviv brck good to see you stay safe
we'll talk to you soon
hi everyone George Stephanopoulos here
thanks for checking out the ABC News
YouTube channel if you'd like to get
more videos show highlights and watch
live event coverage click on the right
over here to subscribe to our Channel
and don't forget to download the ABC
News app for breaking news alerts thanks
for
watching