now in addition to israel's travel
warning on turkey reports now suggest
that israeli citizens are being asked to
also avoid traveling to its new allies
the united arab emirates and bahrain as
well as longer-term peace partners
jordan
and egypt what's behind this travel
advisory israel authorities say that
there are threats from iran our
correspondent jody kohan has more
details
[Music]
following recent weeks events in turkey
and after a series of iranian attempted
terror attacks
against israelis on vacation in istanbul
we are calling on israelis not to fly to
istanbul and if you don't have a vital
reason don't fly to turkey if you're
already in istanbul return to israel as
soon as possible
turkey has reportedly warned iran
privately against carrying out acts of
terrorism targeting israelis or other
nations in its territory and has
publicly insisted that turkey is a safe
place to visit
with security on high alert and israelis
still in istanbul being warned to stay
indoors and not speak hebrew outside
the concern now is reportedly that iran
could attempt an attack on israeli
tourists in other nearby countries
according to reports iran has been
working for months to plan attacks
against israeli tourists allegedly to
avenge the killing of some senior
officers for which it blames israel
today is the day schools break up in
israel and families start to prepare for
their summer holidays but it appears
many won't be visiting istanbul this
summer and travel to the uae bahrain
jordan and egypt is also likely to be
affected israel's president herzog has
spoken with turkish president erdogan
thanking him for turkey's joint efforts
with israel in foiling attempted attacks
and foreign minister lapid is scheduled
to visit turkey on thursday where he
will meet his counterpart to discuss
further security cooperation this is
jody cohen for we on world is one
we on is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move