[Music]
an
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
on Rafa uh no we do not have a a date
for any rough operation at least one
that's been communicated To Us by the
Israelis on the contrary what we have is
an ongoing conversation with Israel
about um any rough operation um
president's been very clear about our
concerns our deep concerns uh about
Israel's ability to move civilians out
of har out of Harm's Way uh to uh care
for them once they're out of Harm's Way
and to have uh any kind of major
military operation that doesn't do um
real harm to our civilians to children
to women to
[Music]
men if he has a date he hasn't shared it
with us so I've seen his public comments
but I have nothing more on that front
I'm not going to comment on
hypotheticals but I will state here what
I stated the last time I stood at this
Podium which is that the United States
does not believe that a massive ground
invasion of Rafa where one point 3 or
more million people are Sheltering
having been pushed out of other parts of
Gaza that are now destroyed into the
area where humanitarian assistance comes
in this is not the best way forward
there are better ways to go after Hamas
and Rafa have made clear to Israel that
we think a full-scale military invasion
of Rafa would
have an enormously harmful effect on
those civilians and that it would
ultimately hurt Israel's security so
it's not just a question of Israel
presenting a plan to us we have made
clear to them that we think that there
is a better way to achieve what is a
legitimate goal which is to uh degrade
and dismantle and defeat the Hamas
battalions that still remain in
[Music]
[Music]
r
[Music]
[Music]
for
[Music]