United States ambassador to the UN Linda
Thomas Greenfield told reporters late
Thursday night that the US can support
this newly drafted Security Council
resolution on Gaza aid but the problem
now is that other member states are
unhappy since the US watered it down so
much the new version significantly
weakens language calling for a pause in
hostilities the previous version calls
for a suspension of hostilities and this
new one talks about creating the
conditions for a sustainable cessation
of hostility remember that the vast
majority of member states here at the UN
want a ceasefire in Gaza and this
language is really way off from that
several member States including France
would said that they will need to
consult with their capitals before
agreeing to this new text the United
States like Israel opposes a ceasefire
arguing that that would only benefit
Hamas well also somewhat shockingly for
human rights observers the language in
this resolution that condemned
violations of international humanitarian
law and indiscriminate attacks on
civilians has been been completely
removed despite the fact that even Biden
warned that Israel was losing support
because of its indiscriminate bombing
this new text also calls for a special
coordinator to be appointed to help with
Aid deliveries this is different from
the original proposal which was to
create a un Aid monitoring mechanism the
United States objected to that arguing
that this might actually slow down the
delivery of Aid now it's possible the
that the appointment of a un Coordinator
would help move things along but not if
Israel keeps objecting to whoever the
Secretary General appoints and critics
say that well the US pushed for a
special coordinator rather than a
mechanism because Israel did not want to
relinquish any control of Aid deliveries
into Gaza Israel has been accused of
using starvation as a weapon of war in
Gaza on Thursday the UN reported that
Gaza is on the verge of famine now even
if this resolution makes it through the
security Council on Friday how how much
will it really help alleviate the
suffering of civilians in Gaza