a truce between Israel and Hamas may
have been uh given a temporary relief
from incessant military action in the
Gaza Strip but as the clock ticks away
on this momentary piece there's another
catastrophe waiting to happen amid
looming fear of a disease epidemic in
The besieged Enclave the World Health
Organization has raised alarm over the
need to repair gaza's crumbled Health
infrastructure according to The Who and
I'm quoting them more people in Gaza
could die of diseases than from the
bombings across the strip if the health
system is not repaired a who official
made the statement at a United Nations
briefing in
Geneva deled So eventually we will see
more people dying from disease than we
even seeing from the bombardment if we
are not able to put back this health
system and provide the basics of Life
Food Water medicines and of course fuel
to operate the
hospitals several humanitarian
organizations have repeatedly voiced
concern over Israeli forces attacking
gaza's
hospitals on the one hand medical
facilities have collapsed under constant
bombardment and on the other supplies
have been trickling into Gaza at A's
piece the won region faces a d of the
most fundamental medical supplies and
basic sanitary utilities as well and to
add to that the growing Mass
displacement of Palestinians as families
tried to escape a barage of air strikes
and Grand operations by the Israeli
Defense
Forces according to the United Nations
Refugee
Watchdog over 1.7 million civilians in
Gaza have been displaced since October
7
refugee camps are vastly overcrowded
with scarce supply of water and food and
no basic sanitation available even the
water that gazin have accessed to is
unfiltered and dirty completely unsafe
for
consumption United Nations Children's
agency in Gaza has also revealed that
hospitals in Gaza or whatever remains of
them are full of children with war
wounds
while the war may have come to a halt
the spread of an epidemic looms large
over the lives of 2.3 million
Palestinians left in
[Music]
Gaza weon is now ailable in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the
move