all right we now shift Focus to West
Asia Joe Biden said that a deal for a
ceasefire in the Gaza Strip in exchange
for the release of Israeli hostages is
in the hands of Hamas well the US
president stated a ceasefire was
necessary to get more Aid into Gaza and
here's more on the true stocks and
Biden's flip-flops on a potential
ceasefire for hostages deal on February
26th here's the timeline of how it went
by barely a week ago Biden said and I'm
going to quote him here my hope is that
by next Monday we will have a ceasefire
he was eating an ice cream at the time
while saying this an act that attracted
widescale criticism which is why we're
highlighting that again and then just
days ago on the 1st of March he said he
hoped for Israel Hamas ceasefire deal by
Ramadan and the Muslim fasting month of
Ramadan begins at the start of next week
now he expects Hamas which is already a
designated terrorist organization by the
US to decide the outcome of the
negotiations the US president said said
and I'm going to quote him again we must
get more Aid into Gaza there's no
excuses well I hope by the the the we I
be the end of the weekend at least my my
my National Security advisor tells me
that we're close we're close it's not
done yet and My Hope Is by next Monday
we'll have a CE
fire
i h so we're still working real hard at
it not there it's in the hands
of I'm H right now the uh thees have
been cooperating there's offer out there
that's rational we don't know what we
we'll know in a couple days if this
going to happen we need the
ceasefire the US Qatar and Egypt are
trying to broker a ceasefire deal
between Israel and ah and Hamas on
Tuesday Hamas negotiators stayed in
Cairo for a third day of ceasefire talks
in a bid to Halt the fighting in time
for Ramadan free Israeli hostages and
Stave of famine a 40-day ceasefire would
allow some hostages captured in Hamas
October attack to go free while Aid to
Gaza would be increased families would
be able to return to abandoned homes in
the US voters on the left are
dissatisfied with Biden's unwavering
support for Israel as its military
operations in Gaza have left more than
30,000 Palestinians
[Music]
dead