well the terror attack in Moscow is
playing out indirectly on the
battlefield in Ukraine Russia launched
air strikes on cave and the Western
Ukrainian region of Lviv and this has
prompted neighboring Poland's Armed
Forces to activate aircraft to ensure
airspace Safety near the border caves
mayor said on the messaging app telegram
that there were several explosions in
the Ukrainian Capital after air defense
systems were engaged in repell the
attack Ukraine Air Defense Forces
destroyed about a dozen of Russia
launched missiles over kave and in the
vicinity of the
capital initial information showed no
casualties or major damage as a result
of the
attacks in a major attack on leiv
Russian missiles were flying close to
the border with Poland Poland's Armed
Forces said that polish and Allied
aircraft have been activated which may
result in increased noise levels
especially in the Southeastern part of
the country leiv mayor said on telegram
that there were no attacks on the city
but some 20 missiles and seven attack
drones had been launched against the
broader leiv
region and all these were targeting
critical infrastructure in the area
Russian air defense systems have shot
down more than 10 missiles over the
crimeia port of Sebastapol forcing
transport disruptions on the peninsula
that Moscow annexed from Ukraine sea and
Road Transport linking Russia's Mainland
with the Kia Peninsula which Moscow
annexed in 2014 from Ukraine was
suspended for several hours on the other
hand Russia said that it had taken
control of the critical crass noi
settlement also known as ianes in
Ukraine and this located in the Donetsk
region Ukraine says it has attacked a
Russian radar
[Music]
station