zad is a Palestinian staple including in
Gaza and for many displaced Palestinians
in The Enclave it's become a Lifeline
but how much do you know about the blend
the sour and salty herb blend includes
dried wild thyme that's grown in the
mountains of Palestine for centuries
sumac salt and sesame seeds it's
typically eaten with bread and olive oil
or used in an array of dishes but for
most Palestinians When you mention Zar
Manish come to mind Manish are a past
known and loved across the Levant and
usually eaten for breakfast alongside a
sweet cup of tea or even as an afternoon
snack whether eaten homemade or bought
from a bakery everyone has their own
memories of the delicious flatbread
they're made of three agricultural
Staples of the region wheat olive oil
and zat the herb mix that has become
internationally known in recent years
can be found on every Palestinian table
you might also recognize it as one of
the Staples people in Gaza have been
eating sparingly over the past few
months we've seen it used a top homemade
dough with Palestinians Trapped In The
Enclave making their own manakish then
using their makeshift ovens to bake the
flatbreads since most bakeries have been
out of service after being
systematically targeted by Israeli
forces in the occupied West Bank however
it's actually a criminal offense to
forage zad and it has been since the
Israeli Ministry of Agriculture labeled
it a protected plant in
1977 by forbidding Palestinians from
collecting zarod in the wild Israel
forces them to purchase it and cuts them
off from their agricultural
Heritage however many Palestinians still
choose to forage the plant as an act of
resistance so the next time you eat or
make menish remember that for
Palestinians zatar is a symbol of life
and
defiance