well a small island has become the
epicenter of Europe's migrant crisis
Asylum Seekers crossing the
Mediterranean from Tunisia now outnumber
the entire population of lampedusa
swamping authorities and Aid
organizations it's a major problem for
Italy's Prime Minister who today vowed
to do something about it CV's Joe
makashon reports
off a tiny Sicilian Island in flimsy
boats migrants from North Africa keep
coming more than seven thousand have
arrived in just three days overwhelming
the island of lampedusa and its
population of just 6 000 people at least
two children are reported to have died
on the sea Journey including a newborn
baby this humanitarian emergency leaving
thousands vying for shelter at the
Island's only Community Center the
center is for
600 people not for seven thousand and it
is not possible to ensure more services
in the in in lampedusa so there is the
necessity to take them in other parts of
Italy
since the start of 2023 nearly 130 000
migrants have arrived in Italy more than
double the same period last year the
Italian Prime Minister who vowed to stop
illegal migration arrived in lampedusa
today along with the European Union
president migration is a European
Challenge and it needs a European answer
and solution she promised a 10-point
plan to help including boosting funding
and equipment for the Coast Guard in
Tunisia the main departure point for
most migrants as Europe tries to control
the influx those arriving continue to
see this land as their new best hope
this man wants to live in France
I've come here to help my family I'm
going to help my family he said the pope
and his Sunday address called the
migrant situation a difficult challenge
that must be faced together he said for
the future of us all the European Union
president promised tougher measures
including more detention centers for
those who arrive in Europe illegally and
anyone ineligible for Asylum will be
returned to the country they came from
Sandy all right Jill thank you