inside these canvas clinics they see new
life emerge outside though death
surrounds them these are the babies born
into
hell Dr Rasha is a pediatrician from
northern Gaza forced by the fighting to
leave his home and move South to Rafa
it's only a professional dedication to
medicine and a sense of Duty to his
fellow Garin that keeps him going his
surgery is now a tent a Street clinic in
a refugee camp
the situation in the camp is nearly
catastrophic food is not clean people
drink salty water because there is no
fresh water viruses and bacteria are
alarmingly widespread among the children
because of their weak immunity because
there are at least 7even to eight
children in each tent there are endemics
such as hepatitis A which is now
widespread in the camps according to the
Ministry of Health around 70 to 80% of
the children under 12 are infected with
this virus epidemic hepatitis the
situation is so bad here in this
Camp Ali J was a university Professor
with a good job and a decent salary but
now like so many gazin he is displaced
and sleeping rough with his young
family we don't want anything the people
of Gaza just want to live all we want is
life we only need the fundamentals of
life nothing else we are people who want
life dignified life to provide for our
families and
children more than 20,000 babies have
been born in Gaza since the war started
in this tent they're saying as many as
70 pregnant women every single day they
suffer a lot you know the conditions are
not uh been are not suitable for them uh
you know Lake of water ladies during
pregnancy or after delivery they need
good clean water available all the time
they need the clean bathrooms and these
things are not available that's why they
suffer a lot from urinary tract
infections and pneumonia and skin
diseases the doctors tell us that
disease is now R amongst children
particularly hepatitis and more women
are suffering from postnatal depression
medicine has to be rationed for the
patients who need it most hospital is
only an option for the most urgent
cases without the dedication of doctors
the death toll would be without doubt so
much higher they're fighting their own
War a war for medicine clean water and
space to work
safely the line between life and death
in Gaza now is desperately thin Alisa
bule Sky News in Jerusalem