Hanan is marking its National Army day
just days after its retaliatory missile
and drone strikes across against Israel
marches are being held in various cities
across the country and president Ibrahim
RI says Iran's forces are ready to face
any threat in light of Israel's threat
to retaliate several changes were also
made to this year's event after security
concerns in a well-planned quick and
accurate response our forces punished
the Zionist regime and put it in its
place and this was an announcement to
the whole world to Global powers to the
Zionist regime that the nation of Iran
is ready our forces are ready to act and
we are standing by for the
directive well let's speak to our
correspondent DSA Jabari she joins us
live now from Teran dorsa what more did
we hear from RI in in addition to those
strong
words well the Iranian president uh used
this opportunity to deliver more threats
and warnings to Israel he said that uh
if our action was to be on a larger
scale than what we've seen in operation
true promise on Saturday that they could
see there would be nothing left of the
Zionist regime he also went on to say
that any attack on Iran's soil would be
met with a Fierce and severe response
the Iranian president also said that the
operation that Iran carried out for the
first time in this country's history
showed that the uh there is a false
sense of grandeur H about Israel's
military and that was one of the
objectives to break that uh
psychological uh Association that the
world has with the Israeli military and
the Zionist regime the Iranian president
was joined by the head of Iran's Armed
Forces as well as the head of the
Revolutionary guard and this event was
moved from the area around Imam K maam
to a barracks in northeastern part of
tahan due to security concerns but still
we heard from the Iranian president who
used the opportunity to highlight Iran's
military
might DSA Jabari there with the very
latest for us from those celebrations in
Iran today thank you very much
dorson make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler