war between Israel and Hamas has seen
thousands of Canadians protesting and
voicing frustration and demonstrators
are taking action locally they're
protesting against companies that are
based here in Canada as well senior
business reporter anise hadari this
morning explains why businesses here are
facing pressure over the situation in
the Middle East protesters have been
targeting businesses in North America
trying to put Financial economic or
political pressure on institutions here
to influence the situation in the Middle
East and the fight between Israel and
Hamas take Scotia Bank where protesters
are challenging investments in an
Israeli weapons company it's part of
what activists call the BDS movement
boycott devest and sanction companies
that are tied to Israel's actions in the
West Bank or Gaza the idea is that the
financial consequences from companies
pulling out of those areas could
influence Israeli policy you're putting
pressure on companies that they just
want to make money and yet they are
being uh um I guess protested for their
uh partnership for their complicity in
what the Israeli government is doing
it's a tactic used against other
countries in the past for example South
Africa in the late 20th century and
while Pro Palestinian groups don't agree
others call these protests anti-semitic
and say they're targeting jewish-owned
businesses if somebody wants to protest
to the Israeli government there are
Israeli government representatives in
Canada have an embassy and a consulates
that are the address for protest
regardless some research has shown that
these boycott campaigns may not work as
intended activists do have obviously
lists of companies that you should
boycott I think that is part of the
intention to change um the behavior of
consumers I think the reality though is
that people um are not always willing to
follow through on um those on those
intentions where BDS could shift a
company's behavior is if its reputation
is threatened but may not be working in
this case for example Scotia Bank hasn't
changed course on investments anise
hiari CBC News Calgary