maintains the convention applies while
the other denies it since South Africa
has invoked as a basis for the Court's
Jurisdiction the compromissory Clause of
the genocide
convention the court must also ascertain
at the present stage of the proceedings
whether it appears that the acts and
omissions complained of by the applicant
are capable of falling within the scope
of that convention Rion
mat the court recalls that for purposes
of deciding whether a dispute existed
between the parties at the time of the
filing of the application it takes into
account in particular any statements or
documents exchanged between the parties
as well as any exchanges made in
multilateral settings in so doing it
pays special attention to the author of
the statement or document its intended
or actual address e and its
content the existence of a dispute is a
matter for objective determination by
the court it is a matter of substance
not a question of form or
procedure the court notes that South
Africa issued public statements in
various multilateral and bilateral
settings in which it expressed its view
that in light of the nature scope and
extent of Israel's military operations
in Gaza Israel's actions amounted to
violations of its obligations under the
genocide convention for instance at the
resumed 10th emergency special session
of the United Nations General Assembly
on 12 December 202 3 at which Israel was
represented the South African
representative to the United Nations
stated that I quote the events of the
past 6 weeks in Gaza have Illustrated
that Israel is acting contrary to its
obligations in terms of the genocide
convention end of quote South Africa
recalled this statement in its note
foral of 21 December 2023 to the Embassy
of Israel in
ptor
[Music]
[Music]
stay with the times of India for news
breaks analysis interviews and events we
bring you stories from your neighborhood
and from across the globe as well
subscribe to our YouTube channel hit the
like button and press the Bell icon so
you don't miss any of our
videos