nearly 6 months into the conflict and
Gaza Is A Wasteland reduced to ruins as
the human toll
Soares Israel's conduct is increasingly
indefensible to its closest allies the
Israeli strikes that killed seven Aid
workers with World Central Kitchen may
have been the last straw prompting an
urgent phone call between US President
Joe Biden and Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu Thursday the
president emphasized that the strikes on
humanitarian workers
and the overall humanitarian situation
are unacceptable Israeli officials say
they have concluded their initial
investigation vowing to make the results
public in the future clearly something
went wrong here we will certainly adjust
our practices in the future to make sure
that this doesn't happen again that
won't end the suffering in Gaza to date
nearly 200 Aid workers have been killed
hindering relief efforts as famine looms
for more than 1 million displaced people
International relief organizations
allege it's no accident this pattern of
attacks is either intentional or
indicative of Reckless incompetence
there's anger and discomfort amongst
Israel's backers but still no backing
down the US continues to authorize
weapons shipments to its Ally even as it
calls for an immediate ceasefire in a
sign the West may be reaching its limits
the White House issued a vague warning
that Israel's next steps will determine
the future of American support if we
don't see changes from their side
there'll have to be changes from our
side but I won't preview what that could
look like President Biden's allies in
Washington are increasingly open about
the idea of making future military aid
to Israel contingent on what happens
next even the White House admits there's
growing frustration with Benjamin
Netanyahu who has all but ignored pleas
to address the dire humanitarian
situation Donna Jackson prco in
Washington thanks