the target of the Israeli forces is to
dismantle the Hamas group and that the
Hamas is using people living in Gaza as
human
she the most Sinister and vile use of
civilians during war I don't know what
is but it again goes to show the lack of
any value for human life with with the
terrorist organization Hamas now there
have been reports of a convoy or
vehicles of gazans that were going from
north to south on salahadin road which
is the main street in the Gaza Strip
here it goes from north to south and
there were reports of gazan casualties
now I'd like to say something about
reports coming out of the Gaza Strip the
Gaza Strip there aren't two governments
there there's one government the
government is Hamas so when the
so-called Gaza Ministry of health issues
information the amount of people killed
if they were armed people or not if
there were men or women or
children obviously that information is
authorized by Hamas and it it's okay for
release by Hamas and it would serve the
purposes of Hamas so when you get
information if you're a journalist or if
you're just listening to what's going on
and you get information from the Gaza
Strip please be very very skeptical of
the veracity and ask yourself why was
this information disseminated and how
does it serve Hamas and its propaganda
purposes and I'd like to show you
something this is footage made by local
gazin of that incident and you see the
explosion there we're going to zoom in
you know what we're going to show it
again just so you can see it better
vehicles's traveling some guys filming
and then all of a sudden a big explosion
now you can't see it now but we've
zoomed in actually we haven't uh people
who know how to do it around the world
forensic analysis and other people