Hamas militants killed at least 1,400
people on October 7th most of them were
civilians who were shot or burned to
death on the first day of the raid the
militants also took over 200 people
hostage including the elderly and
children since then Israel has
retaliated through air strikes that have
left over 5,700 Palestinians Dead amid
all the destruction on the ground the
rivals are now in a battle or a new
battle over the narratives being saved
about the conflict former Hamas Chief
hared Marshall is hitting out at Tel
Aviv and calling for Neighbors to join
the fight against Hamas Marshall is an
influential figure in Hamas speaking to
the Saudi based Al Arabia news network
he claimed that Hamas does not Target
non combatants asserting that all wars
have civilian victims Marshall made the
incredible claim that the militant group
is not responsible for those debts it
however provides the first indication
that Hamas over
reached in its actions on October
7th Marshall told Sky News and I quote
if there
were any killing this was definitely not
intended Marshall also denied claims
from Israel that Hamas had adopted new
or more brutal tactics Israel says Hamas
Fighters targeted and deliberately
killed many civilians in kibuts region
at the music festival near Gaza 250
unarmed young people were killed there's
abundant video evidence showing unarmed
civilians being killed in Co Bland from
that day T Aviv is going all out to
counter Hamas claims of not intending to
Target Israeli civilians the blood
events that ignited the war are not
subject to dispute in part because Hamas
militants recorded their violent
assaults on Israeli civilians and
gleefully touted the gruesome killings
on social media Israeli officials are
keeping the focus on the brutalities
that or the Hamas
groups and are releasing clips of how
the horror
unfolded by tele says it is countering
the propaganda evolving in real
time strikes focused on sites where
Hamas was
assembl weon is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the
move