now moving on to the ongoing conflict
between Israel and Hamas in response to
a deadly attack on Israel by Hamas
Israel tightened its blocket on the
strip in the latest update internet
connectivity in Gaza has fallen
significantly since the start of the war
and now the block it presents an
enormous challenge for civilians and Aid
workers and also restricts Israel's
ability to communicate with cazins fiber
optic cables provide telecommunication
technology to service providers and
these crucial C cables pass through
Israel Israel has tight control over
gaza's internet infrastructure fiber
optic cables that go into Gaza pass
through Israel and Israel has also
banned technology upgrades that would
make connections more
secure mobile internet providers in Gaza
are hence limited to 2G and this is much
slower than the 5G connection that most
Israelis can get access to now since the
start of this current conflict Israeli
air strikes have tripled gaza's already
fragile communication
infrastructure and after Israel's latest
blocking gaza's only power plant has run
out of fuel and as per reports the hit
to connectivity levels is greater than
that in the early weeks of Ukraine's
Invasion for some areas in Gaza the
internet will be offline cellular data
and home broadband will not work and in
other areas the internet will be usable
but very slow Elon Musk has now said
that space X star link will support
communication links in Gaza unlike fiber
optics which can be controlled
physically now global private satellite
Communications can now circumnavigate
governmental intervention internet
connections shall be given to
internationally recognized Aid
organizations but musk also said in a
post on social media platform X that it
was not clear who has Authority for
ground links in Gaza he also said that
no terminal has requested a connection
in that area and up ahead starlings
internet services are expected to be a
decisive factor in connecting gazin
through the worldwide
[Music]
web