the last section of the Rafa Crossing on
the Egyptian side into Gaza this is the
only border entry point and exit that is
not controlled by Israel a lot of trucks
are making this journey here on our way
in we saw several miles of trucks filled
with Aid waiting to get to this point
one driver tells us he has been waiting
for 9 days just to get this point after
they cross over from Egypt into Gaza
they have to go to nitsana where Israeli
officials verify what's in these trucks
and the drivers tell us that can take up
to 3 days there's several hundreds of
trucks waiting for that process before
they can offload their cargo to Aid
trucks to distribute them Across The
Enclave so the process between this
section of the r of Crossing in Egypt
into the Crossing into Gaza can be a
while we see ambulances coming in
Egyptian officials tell us several
hundred injured almost 4 100 have come
in here since late October to bring in
the injured from Gaza to be treated at
Egyptian hospitals and some family
members have been going back as well
this is part of the crucial part of the
deal to release more hostages from Hamas
if Aid can come in the deal included 200
trucks that can come in every day us
officials estimate that about 240 have
been coming in every day bringing food
and water and medical supplies emergency
relief items as well as shelter as the
rainy season comes in Gaza which often
leads to some flooding some displacement
as well but this has been the crucial
Corridor for Aid into Gaza and there has
to be a way to make that happen even if
the truth is not ex extended this has
got to be a way to make sure there's
more Aid coming into Gaza Egyptian
officials tell CNN that this Crossing
has been open 24/7 since October 7 but
but obviously that is only technically
because Aid cannot just go through here
into Gaza it's got to go through an
Israeli checkpoint and that slows things
down considerably l m Doo CNN at the
Rafa Crossing in Egypt