as the war between Israel and Hamas
continues to rage it seems now that
fighting could spiral beyond the region
and allies of both Israel and Hamas
could get involved in the war first when
it comes to Hamas supporters lebanon's
Iran back hollah has been firing
missiles into Israeli territory which
has triggered retaliatory strikes from
Israel so far three Hezbollah members
have been killed but now according to
Israeli Defense Forces some suspected
infiltration from Lebanon into Israeli
territory has been
reported A corespondent Jodi Kohan sends
us this ground report from Rana Israel
listen
in so people are starting to ask if
other countries could get involved in
this conflict to an extent they already
are because Hamas has taken hostages
from several countries around the world
who are very concerned for their welfare
we've already seen seen Hezbollah in
Lebanon joining the rocket fire into
Northern Israel and for the first time
today we've seen shelling coming from
Syria and a militia in Iraq has
threatened to get involved if the United
States intervenes now the United States
is not uh Israel is not asking for boots
on the ground and the United States is
not offering that they've sent over
warships and Munitions and Secretary of
State Lincoln is traveling to Israel and
the discussions are likely to be
centered around the strategy of the war
security
and safety of the American citizens held
hostage and also discussing potentially
the safe passage for guards and
civilians with Israel and Egypt both of
which have a border with Gaza Germany
has offered Military Support the EU
Chief has said that Hamas is killing
civilians is a coldblooded Act of war
and Ukraine's president selinski has
urged countries to Rally around Israel
now the pope has also called for the
release of the hostages turkey president
erdogan has criticized Israel for the
retaliatory strikes and an advisor to
the Prime Minister um that's Ambassador
Mark greev he's asking what would other
countries do if a thousand of their
people were murdered in one day saying
that it was worth than 911 this is jod
Cohen for we on world is
[Music]
one