they are exhausted traumatized and
hungry the people in Gaza are on the
brink of famine as Israel tightens its
blockade on the
Strip we are now eating animal food
without even knowing it they deprived us
of childhood education and the right to
stay in school we are in the streets
what is this the desperation prevails
across Gaza and people say a ceasefire
is the only Sol
ution it has to be a comprehensive
permanent ceasefire we don't want to
witness Wars anymore this war has
devastated us we have been displaced
multiple times we have nothing to eat or
drink in these plastic T we want to go
back to our location even if our homes
are
destroyed at least 85% of gaza's
population is internally displaced and
faces acute shortages of food clean
water and
medicine on Tuesday Jordan a dropped
more food and medical supplies Into The
besieged Enclave where Israel denies
blocking the entry of Aid and in Israel
a group of anti-war protesters gathered
in the capital demanding an immediate
ceasefire in Gaza I'm here to call for
ceasefire and to the end of the bombings
in in the Gaza Strip uh I feel that
there's nothing that jus
this uh uh vast killing of innocent
people um and I think it doesn't help
anyone it's not going to bring security
to us to the region it's not going to
bring the hostages back it's just
sensless killing there was renewed
optimism for peace when the US president
hinted at a potential deal between
Israel and Hamas by the end of the week
All Eyes turned to mediation talks in
Doha but the announc made by Qatar
dampened the prospects of a solution
soon till now we don't have an agreement
yet and we are still working on the
negotiations uh you know on on all
fronts as the hunger crisis affecting
more than 2 million people wors since
every day an immediate Seas fire is
becoming increasingly urgent with every
passing hour hun trt world