in fact is on Route Tel Aviv the first
batch of Indians who wants to be
evacuated from the conflict Zone will be
arriving in India tomorrow RMA bat nagar
my colleague joining us to get us more
details of what exactly is the plan of
action as far as the operation aay is
concerned RMA over to
you UNAM so these are some exclusive
details that we are picking up in terms
of what the government's plan is under
operation aay now this operation in fact
was announced by the external affairs
minister yesterday on social media this
is a repatriation process to get Indians
who are interested to leave the conflict
zone now this is the plan that we're
picking up by means of sources as you
rightly pointed out the first flight
under operation AJ is already in route
to Tel Aviv I'm understanding that this
will now land post seven local time in
Israel what we are also understanding is
that the crew of the flight in fact is
now prepared for any consequences any
situation so this is how they're
preparing themselves there are two sets
of crew that are in root to telie
currently
what this essentially means that the
crew from Delhi to Israel will not be
the same from Israel to Delhi this will
ensure two things one that there is no
fatigue for the crew on board and
secondly that there is no need for a
layover for the crew in fact all of them
will come back in that same First Flight
what we're also now picking up is that
this flight in fact is carrying extra
Pilots technicians and Engineers as we
pointed out to fight any consequence on
ground what we're also picking up
exclusively is that the flights in the
first days will be operational till the
18th of this month the government has
already confirmed that there are 18,000
Indians that are currently in Israel and
they will take a call Post 18th if there
are other Indians interested to have
more repatriation flights so these are
details that we're picking up the flight
the first flight lands in Tel post 7:00
local time the flying time back to India
is about 7 hours and then we'll have the
first set of Indians who would have
touched Indian soil in that repatriation
flight right the thank you so much for
getting us those exclusive details uh of
course the families of those in Israel
are awaiting their arrival tomorrow the
first batch arrives tomorrow