[Music]
gazin in Raa on Wednesday inspected the
damage caused by Israeli strikes
overnight the newest round of
bombardment raised fears among those
Sheltering in the last refuge on the
southern Edge Of The Enclave that a
ground assault could be
coming displac scarin Jam Abu hurri said
the intensification of air strikes was
is Israel's way of showing its disdain
for a un Security Council resolution
last week demanding an immediate
ceasefire he fears next stop would be a
ground assault on Rafa which Israel has
threatened to carry out despite pleas
from its closest a Washington that this
would cause too much harm to
civilians look at our little ones look
at our children where should we go Abu
hurri said separately in the Israeli
occupied West Bank which has se
worsening Bloodshed in parallel with the
Gaza War the Palestinian Health Ministry
said on Wednesday at least three were
killed by Israeli fire during a raid in
Janine overnight this Palestinian
woman's son was one of
them at least
32,000 Palestinians have been killed in
Israel's offensive into Hamas run Gaza
according to the health Ministry there
thousands of other dead are believed to
be unrecovered under Rubble The War
Began after Hamas Fighters raided Israel
on October 7th killing 1,200 people and
abducting 23 hostages according to
Israeli
tallies Israeli forces just north of
Rafa kept the two main hospitals in Han
yunes Al AML and NASA Hospital under a
blockade imposed late last
week in the north they were still
operating inside alifa the enclave's
largest hospital which they stormed more
than a week ago Israel says the
hospitals have been used by Hamas
Fighters which Hamas and medical staff
[Music]
deny
[Music]
[Music]
I thought
we
[Music]
[Music]
good
[Music]
spe
for
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
up
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
suppos to
[Music]
be
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
yeah
[Music]
oh