spe
[Music]
you have to understand that there are no
wreath left in Israel anymore people
cannot get and cannot find flowers to
take to funerals for the size of this
event more than 1200 people are already
identified as dead and are being buried
as we
speak sadly many more to still be
identified
more than a 100 florists cutting and
making bouquet as we speak they work in
shifts because we can only fit x amount
of people in our safe room and we send
it free of charge of course to to our
people all over the country to funerals
in Israel and there is a funeral now
every few seconds and parallel it's many
many cities Villages kibo everywhere
around the country and trucks loaded
with wreath and betet of flowers just
going out from here and and we are
supplying them to the family so at least
we can first give them our hug and say
that we feel feel so sad for them and
secondly is to show our
support
it was important for us to gather
together it also gives us a lot of
comfort when we sit together and make
these bouet and and and we talk we are
less connected to news and all what's
going on around the media and we support
each other people cry here hug here make
bouett together and and then send it to
our families
every one of us know somebody who has
been killed kidnapped and taken in
captivity that's terrible there's
hundreds men women babies that had been
taken
it's sad it's very
sad the least the least we can do is um
do something like
this we won't
break Israel won't
break
everyone doing everything they
can my tears with their families I don't
know to who to which grade this will go
but uh the way doesn't matter and uh
these pins I have to stick them hard in
the in the leaves so the flower can hold
I imagine who I'm sticking it
to flowers gives a lot of comfort
flowers by by sending flowers we bring
our message we bring smell we bring
beautiful bouet to a very difficult
situation and by that we give them a bit
of
optimism