now the US president is set to visit
Israel what will his visit mean for the
ongoing Conflict for more than this we
were earlier joined by Professor James a
Russell from montree California Mr
Russell is the associate professor in
the Department of National Security
Affairs at NPS listen into what he had
to
say as President Biden stated um on
Sunday in his uh interview uh with CBs
that um he's he he said some words to
the effect that he he doesn't think an
Israeli occupation of Gaza is a good
idea um I think he's also going to when
he is in Israel for these consultations
he's going to use what leverage he can
uh to try to introduce some kind of
restraint to the military operation and
and I think it's a foregone conclusion
that the military operation is going to
happen I don't see that there's any uh
way around it there's a buildup right
now on the border um Israel is making
preparations to go in and I expect
regrettably I expect that this is going
to happen and and uh uh things are going
through
wor these are these are pretty delicate
Alliance Dynamics um I don't think the
president would Place himself in a
position of open disagreement with the
Israelis uh I think he's there to
express his support and solidarity with
the Israeli cause and I should add that
he has extremely strong backing from
this uh at home uh in the United States
from both political parties even if the
Republicans in the House of
Representatives seem incapable of
electing a a speaker of the house but
the point is he's there to uh
demonstrate support show solidarity I
wouldn't expect that there was going to
be any kind of open disagreement with
with steps that the Israelis are or
aren't going to take I mean Biden
President Biden has been at this for a
long time he's a seasoned professional
particularly in foreign policy and I I
don't see this as being one of the
things that would happen that is to say
some kind of disagreement with the
Israelis out in the open in a visit like
this this is a visit to demonstrate
solidarity and American
commitment oh