it is from the war zone itself now in
first call with Palestinian president
abas US President Joe Biden discusses
support for humanitarian Aid to Gaza now
Biden has tweeted and I quote I spoke
with Palestinian Authority president
abas to condemn hamas's attack on Israel
and reiterate that Hamas does not stand
for the Palestinian people's right to
dignity and self-determination I assured
him that we are working with the
partners in the region to ensure Ure
humanitarian supplies reach civilians in
Gaza and to prevent the conflict from
widening meanwhile Israel PM Netanyahu
has also invited President Biden to
visit Israel in the coming weeks now the
White House is reportedly looking into
the possibility of this trip now US
President Joe Biden has also appointed a
special Envoy for humanitarian needs in
Middle East now uh earlier the US was
has always been a strong supporter of
Israel however in this war zone they
have tried to diplomatically uh pacify
the situation and allow not and not
allow the war to widen up now this is a
very uh different kind of a statement
coming in from uh the White House and
Joe Biden wherein uh Us's stance is
seemed to be softening a bit towards the
Palestinians now we're cutting across uh
to a reaction on
this week ago we saw hate manifested
another way in the worst massacre of
Jewish people since the Holocaust more
than 1,300 Innocents lives lost in
Israel including at least 27 Americans
children and grandparents alike
kidnapped held hostage by Hamas a
humanitarian crisis in Gaza innocent
Palestinian families in a vast majority
had nothing to do with Hamas spoke for
over an hour the family member of those
Americans who are still un account
accounted for
they've endured an Agony of not knowing
what's happened and it's yet another
reminder that hate never goes
away it only hides hate just hides under
the Rocks until there's a little oxygen
blown under just a little bit and it
comes roaring out
again folks we have to reject hate in
every
form