according to Benjamin netanyahu's office
Israel will temporarily reopen this
crossing the ARs checkpoint in Northern
Gaza to allow more Aid Into The
Enclave netanyahu's office also
announced that it had approved using the
Israeli Port of ashdod to transfer
supplies and that more aid from Jordan
will be allowed into the strip through
the Kem Shalom crossing the announcement
came not long after the Israeli Prime
Minister spoke with Joe Biden for the
first time in weeks after an Israeli
strike in Gaza killed seven Aid workers
the president emphasized that the
strikes on humanitarian workers and the
overall humanitarian situation are
unacceptable he made clear the need for
Israel to announce a series of
specific concrete and measurable steps
to address civilian harm humanitarian
suffering and the safety of Aid workers
the discussion between the two leaders
followed a statement this week from
Biden that he was outraged and
heartbroken by the workers deaths and
ongoing concerns expressed by the White
House about netanyahu's determination to
go forward with a planned ground
invasion in the southern city of Rafa
where some 1 and a half million
Palestinians have taken Refuge what we
want to see are some real changes uh on
the Israeli side um and um you know if
we don't see changes from their side
there'll have to be changes from our
side but I won't preview what that could
look like but so far the frustrations at
the White House haven't changed US
policy in fact the Washington Post
reports that on the very same day of the
deadly strike on the world Central
kitchen workers the Biden Administration
approved the transfer of thousands of
more bombs to Israel Israel has taken
responsibility but denied intentionally
attacking the Convoy and called the
deaths of the workers a tragedy some 200
Aid workers have been killed in Gaza
since the War Began in
October