[Music]
it was a gathering of some of the most
influential leaders of the Muslim world
all of them here to reject Donald
Trump's decision on Jerusalem and had
declared East Jerusalem the capital of
the state of Palestine there was a cold
call upon the states which support
Palestine
to recognize Palestine as a reaction of
what was taken by the US administration
as his highness mr. president Budapest
let us let those who did not recognize
Palestine recognize it as to express
clearly and openly their
attitude towards Palestine turkish
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said the
status of Jerusalem known in Arabic as
alkyds was a red line for Muslims and
that trumps decision was unlawful and
provocative
Israel which is guilty of occupation
blockades illegal settlements
destruction of houses displacement
seizing land and property
disproportional violence and murder was
rewarded for all the terror acts it
committed with this decision
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas told
delegates the decision was a crime
we hear today and we have behind us the
world at large our peoples our nation's
all Muslims and Christians both in our
region and across the world are in our
in our support to defend God's Jerusalem
and preserve it against the conspiracies
that are being played to alter its
nature and character
the emergency meeting was held in
response to the announcement last week
by US President Donald Trump on the
future of the city I have determined
that it is time to officially recognize
Jerusalem as the capital of Israel this
declaration was almost universally
condemned including by the United
Nations and the European Union it
triggered worldwide protests in
particular across the Middle East in
other muslim-majority countries
Jerusalem is a holy site for Christians
Jews and Muslims it remains at the core
of the israeli-palestinian conflict the
summit ended with a formal declaration
that the United States should withdraw
from its role in the peace process
while the IOC will be pushing for the
rest of the world to officially
recognize East Jerusalem the capital of
Palestine the real challenge of the
group will be to get them on board and
only then president Erdogan says can
they embark on a lasting and sustainable
peace process initial Minhaj share two
worlds in Istanbul
[Music]
you