it is all its season in the occupied
West Bank more than a hundred thousand
Palestinians are getting ready for the
harvest it's a major part of the economy
as the harvest is worth about a hundred
ninety million dollars every Morsi and
his family from Broome village have been
producing olives for years we've got a
iris session Bitola harvest season is
like a wedding for us it's like a
journey everybody sits under trees some
of the night bread and some of them make
coffee but in recent years these happy
moments and the olive harvest have been
under threat olive production is one of
the main sources of income for
Palestinians farmers here face ordinary
problems such as drought and infection
but in the occupied West Bank they also
struggle with Israeli settlers who often
steal from them and damage their all the
trees the UN says since last year the
number of attacks by Israeli settlers on
Palestinian owned olive trees has
tripled settlers cut root out and set
fire to olive trees they also spray them
with chemicals I try everything to
prevent Palestinian people from
collecting olives but thanks to God even
when they cut the trees we keep
cultivating but it is not just their
livelihood Israeli settlers also attack
Palestinian properties in the first
eight months of this year the UN
reported a hundred eighty six such
attacks compared 98 in all of 2016
Israel has also started building roads
across formula this road cut AB immerses
fields into and he needs permission to
get to his own land we shall Taleo
they attack olive trees to remove Arab
existence from the land because olive is
the symbol of the land if they cut all
the trees it means the land is not Arab
anymore the people resist settlers in
with many ways they stay on the land
they tried to go to their lands when
settlers cut down the trees Palestinians
replant them
ever mercy and the other Palestinians
say the olive harvest is not only a way
to make a living it's a way to stay
connected to and protect the land patios
TR the world occupied West Bank
[Music]