over 20 us Nationals killed and around
20 held hostage by Hamas is the US now
directly involved in the release of the
hostages well I think right now uh the
effort is diplomatic I think secretary
of state blinkin is trying to see if uh
some of the gulf Arab states can
persuade Hamas to release the US
hostages but really all the hostages
that they've taken which could be as
many as
150 uh I don't expect that effort to
succeed I think it was clearly part of
the Hamas agenda to take hostages to use
them as bargaining chips but uh I don't
think there's much more time for
diplomacy I think Israeli troops are
deployed around the Gaza Strip and I
think it's uh entirely possible that the
uh a land attack uh in response to what
happened last Saturday could begin
within 24 or 48 Hours you are saying
that the land attack could begin in the
next 24 to 48 hours you're kind of
giving a timeline what makes you so sure
you know the reason why I'm asking this
is Ambassador Bolton because as a former
National Security adviser you have been
involved in these kinds of decisions at
the Oval Office what makes this hostage
situation
precarious well I think the worst part
of it is it's important for people to
understand the Strategic context that
this is not just a Hamas attack on
Israel uh I think Iran is the uh Puppet
Master here I don't think they would
have given Hamas the quantity of
missiles and drones and weapons and
ammunition intelligence training finance
that they have over the last several
years unless they intended to control it
so when you hear Iran warning Israel not
to go after Hamas in the Gaza Strip uh I
think they're revealing what their real
agenda is but I can I can tell you from
conversations that I've had that I think
are apparent to anybody uh the Israelis
are determined not just to strike back
against Hamas for their terrorist attack
but to remove the Hamas threat entirely