Hezbollah on Wednesday said it launched
dozens of rockets towards Northern
Israel in response to strikes on
Southern Lebanon this after another
Lebanese militant group with close ties
to Hamas said seven people had been
killed in an overnight strike in the
country's South Jamar islamia said its
Emergency Response Center was hit and
the Israeli military confirmed the
strike France 24's Rob Parsons has been
following events from
Jerusalem the hisbah has launched an
increasing number of rockets against
Northern Israel over the last few days I
mean there have been rocket attacks
right right since the very beginning of
the conflict uh on the 7th of October
but uh you know the number has been
ticking up recently uh dozens over the
last 24 hours 60 in the 24 hours before
that uh one of the attacks was again
against Mount Maron which is an
important radar station for the Israelis
where they look out for incoming Rockets
from uh hisbah in in southern Lebanon uh
it doesn't seem to have done very much
damage this time but it does give you an
indication of the capabilities of
Hezbollah why Israel considers it a
major threat a much bigger threat in
effect in effect than Hamas in Gaza
because hisbah is so much better
organized so much larger so much better
equipped got thousands of rockets uh and
the fear is that if you know if the the
the strikes by hisbah the count to
strikes by Israel get out of hand this
could turn into a major regional
conflict with consequences for everybody
uh the Israelis want to prevent that I
think at the moment hisbah wants to
prevent that at the moment but the
response of Israel has been pretty
strong attacks as far as way as herel in
the right in the north of Lebanon
against a hisbah r Airfield there and
against balbec in Northern is Northern
Lebanon as well uh and the fear now is
that things are beginning to tick up so
much that this really could turn into
the regional conflict that everybody has
feared all along