United States and British war planes
carried out fresh air strikes in small
towns of Yemen hitting port cities and
small towns killing at least 11 people
and injuring 14 others the strikes
follow the first civilian fatalities and
vessel loss since the houthis began
attacking commercial ships in November
now the air strikes also coincide with
the first day of the holy month of
Ramadan meanwhile the houis targeted
what they described as a US ship
Pinocchio in the Red Sea with missiles
the US Central Command confirmed the
attack in a post shared on centcom
social media account
X meanwhile the group's military
spokesperson also said the group will
escalate its military operations even in
the holy month of
Ramadan the yemeni Armed Forces
confirmed that their military operations
will be escalated with the help of Allah
the almighty during the month of Ramadan
the month of jihad in support of the
oppressed Palestinian people and for our
mujahid brothers in the Gaza
Strip on the Israel Lebanon front
Israeli air strikes killed six people
near lebanon's Northeastern city of
balbec according to sources the air
strikes were the deepest in Lebanon
since February
26th the situation is tense in Gaza as
well a looming ground incursion into
Gaza Southernmost city has emerged as a
flash point and amid all of this the
relationship between US President Joe
Biden and Israeli Prime Minister Benin
Netanyahu has grown increasingly
fraught and now the US president has
said that he hasn't scheduled a meeting
with the Israeli Prime Minister Biden
also said he does not have any plan at
this moment to address the Israeli Prime
Min
Parliament now this comes after Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu vowed
to press ahead with with an offensive in
the south of the Gaza Enclave a move US
President Joe Biden has described as his
red
line also according to the US threat
annual report US intelligence has warned
that Israel will be challenged by Hamas
for years as the Israeli military
continues with its military offensive
aimed at destroying the Gaza ruling
Group after the October 7th
attacks
for all the latest news download the
weon app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel