welcome back thanks a lot for staying
with us we're getting some breaking
developments now coming
in the UK prime minister Rishi sunak in
fact has now landed in Israel remember
this is another high-profile visit that
comes after US President Joe Biden also
visited Israel announcing the support
and reiterating their support to Israel
in this time of darkness by the conflict
still continues has entered its 12th day
sidhant is now back with us on the
broadcast Sant as we were discussing a
short while ago all of these visits are
important on multiple levels once again
reiterating the support that Israel
continues to get from the likes of the
United States UK France and other
countries help us understand what's the
agenda as far as the UK prime minister's
visit is
concerned well look up uh there I mean
uh let's put it this way and go back
into the history then it all started uh
because of uh britishers and in 198 if
I'm not mistaken when this uh this
estate was promised to uh Jews and this
time around also the commitment for this
state uh that England has perhaps has
been established again because when this
happened when when Hamas uh entered the
Israeli territory it was uh Rishi sunak
was the first few head head of heads of
state
in to come out and take a strong
position against uh Hamas and perhaps
post that there were uh statements uh
from the government of England uh
foreign secretary James clly in fact
last week James cleverly visited Tel
Aviv he met the families of victims and
he was there uh in Tel Aviv for a day so
this is a second high-profile visit and
perhaps this time prime minister riak
okay has come to Tel Aviv and he's going
to sit with Benjamin nanyu and perhaps
both uh leaders are going to discuss
plans uh as far as the ground operations
of Israel in Gaza is concerned and and
also you know Rishi sunak can also urge
prime minister Nathan yahu as uh was
announced by President Biden for an
humanitarian uh Corridor that is also
something on an agenda remember England
and and Israel have one common enemy
that is Iran and and perhaps we can also
uh look at a possibility of some sort of
an statement
coming on Iran maybe when both leaders
will address the press in Tel okay s
we'll have to leave that conversation
there keep tracking all those
developments for us