a deal to extend a truce between Israeli
troops and Hamas forces in Gaza by two
days was agreed on Monday that's
according to mediator Qatar which has
been facilitating indirect negotiations
between the two sides with Egypt the
agreement lengthens a 4-day ceasefire
after 7 weeks of warfare which has seen
thousands killed and laid waste to the
Palestinian
Enclave Hamas also confirmed the
extension there was no immediate comment
from Israel the release of 11 more
Israeli hostages seized by Hamas during
its October 7th assault on Southern
Israel was confirmed on Monday as dozens
of gazans rushed to get supplies from
Aid rations distributed by the UN on
Monday many described the dire living
conditions that they expect to worsen if
War resumes Raider Muhammad Jamal
aljabri is one of
them we wish that the troths would be
permanent and people would go back to
their lives and to see each other people
have lost lost their families and
relatives and we are not able to reach
our families we don't know who we lost
and who was still alive we are coming
here to try and get some clothes for our
children because we left everything in
our house children are wearing summer
clothes this is not right God willing
the truth will be extended and will stay
in place we don't want more war this is
enough this is so tough H us on Sunday
Hamas freed 17 Israelis including a
4-year-old Israel American Girl and
Israel freed 39 teenage Palestinian
Prisoners the truce agreed last week is
the first halt in fighting since Hamas
attacked Israel when 1,200 people were
killed and 240 hostages were taken back
into Gaza in Jerusalem Israeli anat
errel is also advocating for a pause in
fighting I'm against all violence and I
am I really hope that there will be
ceasefire and I really hope that it will
continue to be
ceasefire because violence is not a
solution for anything I mean I know that
that those terrorists are are like
horrible like they are I can't even say
there they need to of course personally
they need to be punished but not all the
other people and Gaza need to be
punished in response to the October 7th
attack Israel has bombarded the Gaza
Strip and mounted a ground offensive in
the north as of Monday Gaza Health
authorities say some
14,800 Palestinians have have been
killed hundreds of thousands have been
displaced