the fifth spice shet flight carrying 286
passengers which included 0 nepales
Nationals landed in Delhi on Tuesday
from T Aviv as a part of rescue
operation Ajay now the aircraft that was
scheduled to arrive in Delhi on Monday
had faced a technical glitch upon
reaching Tel Aviv on Sunday and was
taken to Jordan to fix the
problem so this is the fifth spice Jet
flight carrying 286 passengers which
included 18 nepales Nationals landed in
Delhi on Tuesday from Tel Aviv as a part
of Indian government's operation aay for
more on this let me go across to my
colleague thri who joins us live thri we
learned that the fifth flight uh fifth
spice CHP flight carrying 286 passengers
has landed in New Delhi right now uh
what is the scenario around you uh you
know how are the passengers feeling upon
their arrival back to their Homeland
over to
you well this flight landed late night
on Tuesday and remember that uh total
number of 286 passengers were brought in
this particular flight to the national
capital and out of these there were more
than 20 uh nepalis who were also brought
to the national capital and apart from
that if you talk about operation a so so
far around
1,180 uh passengers Indian citizens have
been evacuated from Israel to the
national capital and several ministers
are also uh going them going to to
receive them at the airport and um the
ministry is saying that the continuous
effort has been put by this by Indian
government to bring back all the
citizens who are still in Israel or any
other area which which which which comes
near that particular war zone and also
uh as I as as we told that total number
of passengers are citizens are 18,000
and government is trying to bre bring
back all of them and uh that is why we
have been seeing that this is not for
the first time that such kind of
operation as being carried out in such a
conflict zone or in in in such a
sensitive area earlier also we have seen
that when there was a war like situation
between Ukraine and Russia that time
also in fact several operations were
carried out when stranded Indian citizen
uh students especially were brought back
from that particular area to the
national
capital all right T many thanks for
joining us live and giving us all those
important
details