there was pandemonium in the British
Parliament and now the speaker of the
British Parliament sir Lindsey Hil is
facing calls to step down over his
handling of the motion calling for an
immediate
ceasefire in the Gaza Strip the vote
call resulted in complete chaos in the
House of Commons and it all started when
the chamber was due to debate and vote
on a motion for an immediate ceasefire
in Gaza for the Scottish national party
s Lindsey Hall broke with tradition on
the house of Common's debates and
allowed a vote on Labor's amendments to
the snp's motion after the conservatives
then said that they would not take part
Labour's motion was passed unopposed
which meant that a standalone vote on a
differently worded S&P motion could not
take
place the sir Lindsey Hall's stand
sparked Fury and shouts from the ruling
conservatives and the SNP who accused
him of allowing the vote to be hijacked
by the labor party many members on both
sides left the chamber in complete
anger it was not my intention
I wanted the
all Madam Madam Madam Deputy speaker can
you please advise me where the Speaker
of the House of Commons is What
mechanisms are
available
do speaker H then issued an apology
after some pretty chaotic parliamentary
debate on Gaza and has offered the
Scottish national party an emergency
debate in Gaza but the offer failed to
Plate its Westminster leaders Steven
Flynn stepen Flynn told the members of
parliament that the S&P benches did not
believe that the speaker could continue
in the role after the UK House of
Commons was plunged into complete chaos
by his decision to allow a labor
amendment to be debated on the snp's
opposition day nearly 60 members of
parliament have now signed a motion of
no confidence against the
speaker Von is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the move