public hunger is mounting against Israel
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
thousands took to the streets of Tel
Aviv to call for a deal to release the
hostages held by Hamas on the other hand
anti-government protesters called for
new
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
elections
[Music]
in Tel Aviv Israeli police used water
cannons against protesters demanding the
government's resignation it was the
third Saturday in a row that they have
used a pressurized water spraying
vehicle on the protesters who blocked a
main road police
joled with the demonstrators trying to
move them from the
road
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
think that someone in this government
whom mostly none of them ever served and
they don't want and they don't send any
of their families to the Army they need
to take us uh seriously because we are
not going H to die or to be their ships
we want H this
government ER to take us seriously to
quate the demonstrations took place
simultaneously all aimed at the
government and each within a block of
each other families are focused on
bringing home the remaining
[Music]
hostages we know that Hamas get answer
to Israeli
government uh and we hope that soon as
possible all the hostages will release
and we hope that Israel will agree with
the Kamas offer okay and uh we know that
uh tomorrow
uh our head of mad travel to Doha okay
maybe there will
negotiation okay and we hope soon as
possible we get answer there is a new
deal about 120 hostages were freed
during a November ceasefire that also
led to the release of hundreds of
Palestinians from Israeli
prisons for all the latest news download
the weon app And subscribe to our
YouTube channel