ctiv
relatives Museum of Art
can you please tell me a little bit
about
I'm I'm a Israeli and I'm a
human and my heart aches and that's why
I'm here
what do you think is the government not
doing enough for relas of these people
we are here to feel that we can make our
government and any other government or
any
other people on Earth that can make
effort to release the hostages children
elderly sick Young
happy everybody needs to be released the
children needs to be released and we
want the the world to help the world to
know if I understand this but the
government says that you know if the the
the condition the Hamas is putting for
releasing this the children is to seize
fire then you're putting everybody at
risk you think it's a good idea for to
accept SE
now
I could answer big questions I think the
only question now needs to be why why
Kamas do not free at least the children
how can it be that somebody asks me
about stopping the war nobody askas what
about these children what about them
they need to do the first human an act
after what they did this is not a
relevant question if Israel should make
ceasefire or not the question is why
don't you free the
hostages
it's very important for me to say I
don't want any children to suffer not
Israeli not Palestinians not any other
children in any other world world in
country in the world it is very
important to me to know that you know we
are not we do not want war we not want
peace for Israeli citizens for
Palestinian citizens for children women
and men all over the place we need to do
we and Hamas and the governments need to
do the first moral Act is free the the
hostages I
understand
pH
C
PA a
tu