ABD jales can barely keep his eyes open
or hold his head up he says he's
exhausted not from lack of sleep but
from what he endured in 40 days of
Israeli
captivity they took me for interrogation
They confiscated my belongings and ID
then transferred me and others we
endured the worst forms of torture Abdul
Kad and others released on Friday say
there were began when Israel besieged
the Camal adwan hospital in North Gaza
in December soldiers ordered their exit
beating and assaulting the sick and
displaced some were detained and
subjected to even harsher
conditions there were rules for example
you were not allowed to use the bathroom
you had to stand for 3 hours out of four
and there were serious
violations other gauen detainees have
reported being stripped beaten with M16s
and burned with cigarettes and while
these detainees may be out of detention
they are still traumatized they say
children young women and the elderly are
still detained and beyond that they must
still survive Israel's
bombardment I said my family is in the
north what should I do in the South I
have nothing in the South no ID no food
no drink what should I do in Rafa they
said no it's currently forbidden in the
security zone of Rafa stay in Rafa I ask
how can I contact my family how will
they know if I'm alive or dead this is a
problem we don't know what to do the
clothes we are wearing have been on us
for 40 days the UN meanwhile is
reminding Israel of its obligations
under international law Israel must take
urgent steps to ensure that all those
arrested or detained are treated in line
with international human rights and
international humanitarian law norms and
standards despite repeated warnings from
the UN and the International Community
arrests in the West Bank have soared
above 6,000 while the amount of arrests
in Gaza remain unknown leading
Palestinians to fear that their captors
may never be held to account Priyanka
naani trt World in occupied East
[Music]
Jerusalem