as Hamas was in the process of handing
over two American hostages to the Red
Cross their family was still very much
in the dark they had heard rumors which
were only confirmed when they saw
pictures on the news I've been in glued
to the TV for two
weeks hoping for any good news finally
it CES Judith and Natalie renan were
brought to an Israeli base for medical
clearance once that's done their family
is hoping they'll be able to return to
Chicago for Natalie 18th birthday a
celebration her brother says will likely
be muted there are still hostages
Israeli hostages American hostages
hostages from all over the world um and
and we care just as deeply about those
families as we do our own because we
know the pain of what's happened around
200 hostages were taken during the Hamas
Raid 2 weeks ago that peace is possible
and you know that already Vivian silver
a peace activist from Winnipeg who would
often bring sick Palestinian children to
Israeli hospitals and Toronto raised
Judy Weinstein are the only Canadians
believed to be among the hostages their
families like so many others remain
desperate for
information the werts from Israel for
one only learned of 22-year-old om's
abduction when Hamas released this
chilling video since then nothing and
while the release of the first two
hostages has given them hope for their
son's release
they're still as confused as they are
desperate the war is only going to stop
when all the kidnaps are coming home
former NBC Middle East correspondent
Martin Fletcher is related to the two
released Americans through his wife he's
reported extensively on Hamas and
worries the remaining hostages will be
used as human Shields butat Hamas has a
history of agreeing to prisoner swaps
one thing I'm pretty sure of is in in
this area of the world nobody does
something for nothing and the hostages
are hamas's last and best bargaining
triip Mike trle Global News