seeks to minimize civili two historic
allies seemingly caught in a deepening
Rift for the first time since the War
Began Washington chose not to veto a UN
resolution that calls for a ceasefire in
Gaza a red line for prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu who immediately
scrapped an Israeli delegation's visit
to Washington this week this constitutes
a clear departure from the consistent us
position in the security Council since
the beginning of the war favor the
resolution demands Hamas and other
militants free hostages from Gaza but
Israel took issue with the fact the text
does not directly link a release to the
ceasefire the US says it abstained from
the vote because the text did not
condemn heras for the October 7 attacks
though it did support ongoing diplomatic
efforts American officials later played
down the exstension pointing out that
the resolution was non-binding and
suggested Netanyahu was trying to
manufacture a crisis in US Israel ties
we're kind of perplexed by this it seems
like the prime minister's office is
choosing to create a perception of
daylight here when they don't need to do
that um so again no change in our policy
while it denies any policy shift the US
has taken an increasingly tougher line
in recent weeks Biden has called
Israel's fighting quote over the toop
and has appeared to lose patience in
repeatedly urging Israel to let more
humanitarian Aid into the strip despite
the scrapping of the Israeli
delegation's visit defense minister yoav
Galant held talks with us officials in
Washington Monday Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin reiterated opposition to
a rough or ground offensive noting there
were Alternatives Galant will meet with
us Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin on
Tuesday and is expected to ask for more
American Weaponry to support its war
effort