[Music]
after a grueling Journey they're finally
in Turkey these Palestinian cancer
patients had been undergoing treatment
at the Turkish build cancer hospital in
Gaza until Israel destroyed
it we created the health coordination
team consisting of technical delegations
to bring patients especially cancer
patients to our country they had been
completely deprived of treatment
opportunities as the Gaza Turkish
Palestinian friendship Hospital became
unusable after Israel attacks had a
video conference call with the Egyptian
Health Minister as a result of the
intense work of the health coordination
team we formed earlier in this process
we agreed that cancer patients in Gaza
should be transferred to Egypt through
the Rafa border gate after arriving in
the Turkish capital Ankara they were
immediately taken for
treatment we are grateful for turkey's
compassionate support towards the
Palestinians in Gaza particularly for us
the patients they have covered all our
medical expenses and facil our travel to
Turkey for treatment I am very happy and
thankful turkey has liberated us from
the blockade providing us with the
chance to receive medical care I felt a
great deal of Despair for some time when
I thought it would be impossible to
leave Gaza access treatment and overcome
my cancer our heartfelt thanks go to the
Turkish government and the individuals
who played the role in bringing us here
as they went above and beyond to assist
us
turkey is always helping others striving
to make life better for others We wish
all nations would follow turkey as
example it's crucial that people pay
attention to the humanitarian crisis in
Gaza as ordinary individuals like anyone
else we want solidarity and support from
everyone in facing our
challenges at the anara City Hospital
the patients had a surprised
visitor Turkish president Raj t Eran
showed up to motivate them the Turkish
government says it will continue to
provide relief to the people of Gaza
including bringing patients to Turkey
for treatment the health Ministry says
it will also be sending equipment for
the people of Gaza but there is this
realization in the Turkish Capital that
there many challenges that the
government will have to overcome Hass
Abdullah TT world
onar