you are volunteering here when did you
come here and for what did you come for
the music festival um no actually we
were here on Friday morning we came to
ashon to do a Shabbat with a couple of
friends um when we got caught in this
whole situation that we couldn't go back
to Jerusalem cuz on Saturday morning
there starting to be
Sirens um so we came and so it happened
on Saturday and we went we we couldn't
go out of our houses then we started
finding out of our friends that are
missing so we decided to come to the
hospital to look for them um we like
everyone in the country everyone's
looking for their friends and family
that are missing we don't have much
information yet about what happened to
them if they were taken to Gaza or that
they're somewhere hiding still even 2
days later um so everyone's looking for
their loved ones and we came here too to
find someone and then we saw that
they're looking for volunteers to help
give out food so we decided to join and
we've been coming ever since so how many
of your friends are missing I mean uh
you numbers how many are there numbers
at least close friends um but we have
friends of friends maybe hundreds we
know a lot of people that are missing
we're such a small country that everyone
was affected if not directly in their
family then friends of friends at least
every everyone has been affected by this
and it's completely
heartbreaking sadly from now and on most
families are going to be missing someone
or by murder or missing like sadly all
of our friends are fighting now in the
Army um some of them were taken some of
them we don't know where they are my
name is aala brown and El
fredman thank you