and following the Gaza Hospital blast US
President Joe Biden's Summit with
leaders from Jordan Egypt and the
Palestinian Authority has been cancelled
just as he was set to take off to Israel
he is on his way to Israel now to
reaffirm Washington solidarity y
reports US President Joe Biden is
heading to Israel on Wednesday that is
according to US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin following his more than
7-hour long meeting in Tel Aviv with
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin nahu and
his board cabinet he's coming here at a
critical moment for Israel for the
region and for the world and he's coming
here to do the
following first the president will
reaffirm the United States solidarity
with Israel and our Ironclad commitment
to its security Biden's visit comes as
fears are growing that the latest flare
up in the Israel Hamas War could spill
into other countries in the region t
have been escalating in the Middle East
with Israel exchanging fire with Iran
back Lebanese militant group Hezbollah
near its northern border with Lebanon
Iran has issued warnings against
Israel's operations in
Gaza leaders of the resistance will not
allow the Zionist regime to do whatever
it wants in Gaza and then go after other
resistance groups after it's done with
Gaza therefore any preemptive action is
possible in the coming
hours with war leaders such as Uki
promis Rishi sun and Turkish president
rette Ty erdogan expressing the
importance of avoiding further Regional
escalation experts predict President
Biden will also use his visit to avert
the war's expansion addressing the dire
humanitarian situation in Gaza is also
on Biden's agenda where civilians are
facing severe shortages of water
electricity and fuel the president will
hear from Israel how it will conduct its
operations in a way that minimizes
civilian casualties and enables
humanitarian assist to floa civilians in
Gaza in a way that does not benefit
Hamas Biden will also continue his
efforts to secure the release of at
least 199 hostages held by Hamas the
militant group on Monday released a
video showing a 21-year-old Israeli
hostage who appear to be suffering from
an arm injury this Mar the first time
that Hamas has made public a video of a
hostage held in
Gaza news