we Embrace a commitment to free
expression even of views that are
objectionable offensive hateful it's
when that speech crosses into conduct
that violates our policies against
bullying harassment does speech not
cross that barrier does that speech not
call for the genocide of Jews and the
elimination of
Israel when you testify that you
understand that as the def definition of
inata
is that speech according to the code of
conduct or
not we Embrace a commitment to free
expression and give a wide birth to free
expression even of views that are
objectionable I will ask you one more
time does calling for the genocide of
Jews violate Harvard's rules of bullying
and harassment yes or
no anti-semitic rhetoric when it
anti-semitic rhetoric anti-semitic
rhetoric when it crosses into conduct
that amounts to bullying harassment
intimidation that is actionable conduct
and we do take action I I have a friend
whose son goes to University of
Pennsylvania right now he is physically
afraid to go to the library at night
okay just
unbelievable um could you I me I just
can't could even conceive that's going
on in the United States of America but
that's what she tells me she doesn't
make it up could you
give us your reasons as to why that is
true at Pennsylvania why today a Jewish
student is afraid to walk to the library
at
night Congress and let me start by
saying I'm I'm devastated to hear that
and uh the Safety and Security of our
campus and our students in particular is
my top concern um I would if you would
be willing I would like to talk to your
constituent and their their Penn student
I'm very troubled by what you're
reporting it's our top priority to keep
our students safe and secure