[Music]
everybody who we speak to is hungry um
there's the risk of a famine here in
Gaza actually and even here in the
hospital everybody says that they only
have rice they have very often only one
meal a day uh and they're hungry so you
know we've brought medical supplies here
we brought surgical supplies here
everybody wants food and we're currently
in the kitchen trying to find a way that
we can reactivate this kitchen the
building has been damaged um when we
came into Gaza today there was a
challenge uh with food that we brought
for One hospital that was taken along
the road because people are so desperate
for food so we're here on this inter
agency Mission looking into how we can
uh reactivate the kitchen for this
hospital to provide food for staff food
for patients and at the same time
there's the challenge that there's about
50,000 according to this hospital about
50,000 displaced people living on the
hospital grounds so it's becoming a very
challenging situation to provide food
for just some people and not others
within the hospital it's almost
impossible but we're looking into
potential Solutions at the same time
we're working on bringing in surgical
teams additional medical equipment and
working on water and sanitation here in
alcha there's so much to do the list of
needs is endless but we're trying to
tackle uh several issues at a time food
water San medical supplies uh human
resources and see what we can do to to
make this most important Hospital in
Gaza functional again from breaking news
detailed analysis in-depth interviews
and explainers follow the times of India
subscribe to our YouTube channel don't
forget to like our videos and hit the
Bell icon to stay updated with the
latest