with the fears of a wider War possible
Secretary of State blink back in the
Middle East speaking with those Regional
leaders ABC's White House correspondent
Mary Alis Parks is joining us with more
on that Mary Alis good morning well good
morning that's right the White House
very concerned about this war escalating
spreading through the region that's a
big part of why secretary of state
blinkin is back in the region trying to
calm things down meeting with Arab
leaders who undoubtedly are going to be
demanding a ceasefire now we have seen
more and more political pressure here at
home too uh the White House being urged
to do more to step in several Democrats
on Capitol Hill openly questioning
Israel's strategy with all of this
Carnage now blinkin has said that he has
been offering Israel concrete ideas for
how to try to protect Palestinian
civilians but despite the civilian
casualties growing white housee
officials are doubling down they say
they do not think this is the right time
to call for a ceasefire that it would
allow Hamas to regroup instead they are
urging Israel to consider these pauses
to try to get Aid in and get both
foreign Nationals and hostages out but
again you heard there Israeli Prime
Minister Netanyahu yesterday defiant
about the idea this was also interesting
overnight a senior White House official
told reporters that Hamas had been
demanding that Hamas Fighters be allowed
out of Gaza into Egypt as a condition
for letting foreign Nationals out to the
White House said that that was UN
acceptable it really slowed those talks
down the White House telling us that
about a hundred Americans and their
families have been allowed out of Gaza
now they're really hoping Gio that more
will come out this weekend and we are
all hoping for that too Mary Alice thank
you so much hi everyone George
Stephanopoulos here thanks for checking
out the ABC News YouTube channel if
you'd like to get more videos show
highlights and watch live event coverage
click on the right over here to
subscribe to our Channel and don't
forget to download the ABC News app for
breaking news alerts thanks for watching