>> The long stalled foreign aid
legislation finally made its way
to a vote on Saturday. The House
passing a massive $95 billion
foreign aid package. The package
included four bills, one with
nearly $61 billion in aid for
Ukraine, another with more than
$26 billion for Israel. And a
third with $8 billion going to
the Indo-Pacific region
including Taiwan. Also included
legislation to force the sale of
TikTok by its Chinese parent
company. If it doesn't divest.
Ukraine's President Zelensky,
thanking the House, calling it a
life saving decision. But House
speaker Mike Johnson's push to
get these aid bills across the
finish line could cost him his
job.
>> You do the right thing and
you let the chips fall where
they may.
>> The speaker, relying on votes
from Democrats to clear a key
procedural hurdle to get the
bills to Saturday's vote. GOP
hardliners not happy.
>> Mike Johnson is a lame duck.
Are you ever he's done. He's
done.
>> Congressman Paul Gosar, now
the third Republican to sign on
to Marjorie Taylor Greene's
motion to oust the speaker,
saying the speaker should be
focusing on border security
despite Republicans rejecting a
bipartisan border bill from the
Senate weeks ago after bowing to
pressure from Donald Trump.
>> What we're worried about is
the signal we're sending to
Americans and to send $100
billion overseas without
reinforcing our own borders.
>> Some moderate Republicans
have expressed frustration with
Greene and her allies.
>> I think it is idiotic. You
don't like a bill? Vote no if
Greene goes through with her
threat to call for a vote to
oust Johnson, he could need
Democrats to save his job.
>> I commended by name
traditional conservatives, led
by speaker Mike Johnson for
doing the right thing.
>> Now that the bills have
passed in the House, the Senate
will begin consideration of th