weeks have passed the war has not
driving into nativ hasara a massive
plume of smoke Rose in the distance from
an explosion in
Gaza right now only a handful of
residents is allowed back the man
leading the group is a photographer
Benny Vayner says he'd rather be
carrying a camera now it feels like a
ghost town there are no cars and home
after home sits empty but there are also
homes that are gone bilha and Yakov
yonan were killed October 7th in the
home where they raised their son the
terorist to came me they shot an RPG
into the house and the house got burned
completely with the people
inside the attackers that hit nativ
hasara came on paragliders the man who
shot this video in it is heard asking
where's the Army well everyone Army
included was caught by
surprise
17 people in this community itself were
killed here another two right by the Sea
which is right next to us and another
one that was killed coming in on our
motorcycles altogether 20 people from
this community were killed murdered that
home behind me is the closest in this
community to the Gaza Strip basically 20
or 30 MERS from the wall this is a
community that's so close that over the
years when the sirens go off to alert
them that Rockets are incoming they've
got 5 or 10 seconds to find
shelter now na hasara lives with the
wall but it also has a gate one that's
decorated with a mural called the path
to peace well right now anger is making
that path hard to see I not believe in
this like this I think it will be a lot
of generations until will be peace the
Israeli government has said towns that
are close to Gaza may not be allowed to
return people are being put up in hotels
for three months and then could be moved
to New housing that idea is not going
over well when we run away it's men lost
so there is no option to run away I mean
we left home but we are coming back Mike
Armstrong Global News nativ hasara
Israel