moving on the israeli defense minister
benigns landed in bahrain on wednesday
this is the latest high-profile
diplomatic trip since the country's
normalized ties the defence minister of
bahrain lieutenant general abdullah bin
hassan received benigns at the airport
gans is the first israeli defense
minister to ever officially visit the
gulf country he traveled with several
top military security officials
including navy chief admiral david
sarsalama
gans is expected to conduct meetings
with high-ranking officials in the
bahraini defense establishment and the
kingdom's leadership the visit comes
less than two years after the gulf
country forged diplomatic ties with
israel it became the fourth arab nation
to do so after the united arab emirates
egypt and jordan
last year the israeli foreign minister
yair lapid made the first ministerial
visit to bahrain where he inaugurated an
embassy in manama
the normalization of ties between
bahrain and israel was part of the
abraham accord that was brokered by the
united states under former president
donald trump the accord was negotiated
by former israeli prime minister
benjamin netanyahu
it is not clear as of now if gance's
visit to bahrain would be discussed
during the international talks on iran's
nuclear programme
late last year gans traveled to morocco
and this was after the north african
kingdom agreed to establish full ties
with israel in another u.s brokered pact
during that visit countries signed an
agreement which is said to make it
easier for morocco to buy products from
israel's defense industry
for more story for more details on the
story our correspondent jody cohen has
sent us this report from tel aviv let's
listen in now
[Music]
coinciding with his historic visit to
bahrain israeli defence minister benny
gantz's speech to the ins revealed that
israel has offered emergency assistance
to lebanon on four occasions over the
past year israel wants to boost the
country against the strengthened and
iranian-backed hezbollah in lebanon it's
seen as unlikely that lebanon accepted
the aid but suggests that israel is
continuing its outreach to expand the
abraham accords with the arab world this
is jody kern for we on world is one we
on world is one is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news updates on the move