Israel's military pounded the
Palestinian Enclave of Gaza on Sunday
and killed hundreds of people a day
after a surprise attack by Hamas
militants left some 700 Israelis dead
the worst attack on Israeli soil in
decades nearly 18,000 Indian citizens
are reportedly stuck in Israel and Major
World Airlines canceled dozens of
flights to Tel Aviv this weekend an
Indian woman working as a caregiver in
the Israeli city of ashalon was hurt in
a rocket attack by Hamas Indian Union
Minister minaki Lei stated the prime
minister's office is monitoring the
situation and that the efforts to bring
Indians back is on she said and I quote
we are on the
job prime minister's office is directly
supervising the situation and we are on
the job even in the past many students
uh including people from Andra Pradesh
were stuck uh across so whether it was
Operation ganga or vand Bharat we
brought everyone back and I'm sure
government of India and prime minister
office is directly in touch with those
people and is uh working um uh and
monitoring the
situation the Indian Embassy at Tel Aviv
and the representative office of India
and Palestine on Saturday issued
advisories asking Indian nationalists to
remain Vigilant and directly in contact
with the office in case of an emergency
now as mentioned earlier major airlines
cancel dozens of flights to t AV this
weekend after the Palestinian militant
group Hamas launched a surprise attack
Air India has reportedly suspended the
flights operating from T aiv the
economic Hub of Israel till at least
October 14th American Airlines airron
Lanza Emirates and rher are also among
those pulling flights to the aviv's
airport
other airlines suspending flights
include Swiss Austrian Airlines Wiz a
and a
[Music]
Canada