Introducing the sanctions and enforcing
them may be two different dynamics,
right?
This is a scenario where they could pass
these sanctions and send the message
that we're trying to restrict Iran's oil
revenue as a measure of support to
Israel.
But meanwhile, not actually enforced all
that strongly in the way that you
describe we've seen recently and
therefore keep oil flowing and keep
prices as best they can, relatively
muted.
But I think this is one of the few
measures we've seen overnight where the
movement on the sanctions seems to be to
expand them.
Oil was one in the EU as well.
We also saw some G7 countries apparently
considering sanctions on Iran's national
airline, Iran Air.
That also seems particularly symbolic to
me know this, but we are seeing the
scope widened from the initial drone and
missile program that followed the
attack, which was very directly to the
nature of it, to Iran's interest income
more broadly.
And meanwhile, the extreme suffering, of
course, of the people in Gaza continues.
The UN looking at some attempts to
alleviate that.
What are the details there, Patrick?
Yeah, it was around 2.5 billion.
They're seeking dollars.
That is, of course, a big number and is
a ten times increase of what they were
seeking way back six months ago at the
start of the war.
But it is still short of I think are
around the 5 billion that there were of
4 billion perhaps they were seeking in
total.
And they're also making very clear that
that what they can actually deliver is
very limited, limited by the operational
constraints on the ground.
I think to have a real substantive
impact, you've not only got to overcome
the sort of current hurdles of getting
aid in, getting those backlogs cleared
and then distributing it once you're
inside Gaza, but more broadly that, you
know, distributing this in a war zone is
an operational nightmare and it's only
really a ceasefire that's going to see
those increasingly high numbers
translate into proportionally effective
humanitarian responses.