protests in Israel against the
government's contentious judicial
reforms are continuing unabated they
have now entered their sixth week and
are growing stronger as the government
shows no signs of rolling them back U.S
NY to Israel has also cautioned upon
proceeding with the reforms thousands of
protesters returned to the streets of
Tel Aviv on Saturday
holding Israeli Flags the demonstrators
reiterated their demand to roll back the
reforms which they say has put the
future of Israeli democracy at stake the
marches have defied expectations by
attracting massive crowds on a weekly
basis since early January these
protesters say that revolting against
the reforms is important to protect the
Democratic nature of the country
we are protesting against a government
that combined from criminals a Ultra
Orthodox and settlers that combine
together in their intertwined into one
goal and one goal only which is to
destroy Israel as a democratic country
as we knew and learned tonight I'm
protesting for democracy so and so I
won't have to fight for democracy
there are attempts to destroy the
Israeli democracy in order to make some
sort of tyranny maybe in order to allow
some politicians to avoid being thrown
to jail maybe to cause some atrocities
that we can only imagine that will come
in the time near if everything will go
bad and here I am in my armor and my
shield
doing my best
reacting to the demonstrations U.S
ambassador to Israel said that prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu should slow
down the progress on the legislation
Diplomat Tom Knights said that moving
ahead with the plants is creating
difficulties for Washington to help
promote its ties with Saudi Arabia or
deal with its arch rival Iran but
Israel's top leadership including the
Justice Minister has refused to Halt any
proceedings despite repeated requests
even from country's president
as for reports Israeli Parliament on
Monday might hold the first of three
votes on a bill that would increase the
government's sway in selecting judges it
would also limit the Supreme Court's
power to strike down laws or rule
against the executive
the reforms seek to overall the
country's justice system
Netanyahu says that laws are needed to
curb the overreaching powers of judges
[Music]
thank you