as Israel launches its response in Gaza
the message from allies is unmistakable
we have been focused on since the minute
this broke out is providing uh support
and solidarity uh between the United
States and Israel the US has dispatched
its most advanced aircraft carrier and
fighter jets to the region and vowed to
provide more weapons Israel reportedly
wants more American Precision guided
bombs and interceptors for its Iron Dome
missile defense system it's but certain
to get them we're going to want to make
sure they don't get attacked this way
again and that they do what they need to
do to pre preclude that and um so I
expect strong American support for most
of what Israel does over the coming
weeks Israel's allies believe this show
of force will deter a wider War nobody
wants this uh to uh to spill out into
other parts of the region there are no
guarantees not when questions persist
about the direct involvement of outside
actors like Iran clearly Iran has been a
supporter of Hamas it seems to me that
Hamas also has been determined to act as
an independent uh entity the United
Nations has warned more anguish is all
but certain and Global Peace is at risk
we're now witnessing another war in the
Middle East the escalation of which will
inevitably cause more suffering to
civilians both Israelis and Palestinians
and perhaps others this also risks
becoming another arm in the proxy war
between Russia and the US with Moscow
joining the Arab League in calls for a
peace deal involving a two-state
solution Ukrainian President Vladimir
zalinski warned it was in Russia's
interest to inflame tensions in the
region and distract from the war in
Ukraine back in Washington American
support for Israel risks running against
the realities of domestic politics
there's still no speaker of the house
which could make it difficult if not
impossible for Congress to approve
additional military aid for Israel the
more dire the situation overseas the
more pressure there will be to find a
solution at home far Jackson frosco in
Washington thank you Jackson