the bodies of their relatives killed in
an Israeli air strike in the southern
Gaza City of hunis were too much to bear
for these two
men the Israeli army assault on Gaza has
reached down to Rafa on the Egyptian
border as far south as it gets for
desperate Palestinians and they're not
allowed to cross into Egypt where shall
we go we escaped the neighborhood that
was evacuated and HD during the weekend
and then we have been humiliated here I
swear to God nobody slept last night
Israel is telling gazans to flee to
safety zones like this one near the
Mediterranean Coastline but if they're
not already confused by the instructions
they say they're finding little support
once they
arrive Israel sent dozens of tanks into
Southern Gaza and released this video of
what it says is the street fighting
against Hamas as it tries to root out
Hamas
leadership we attacked today with
fighter jets in the entire Gaza Strip
significant and very precise strikes
based on intelligence in addition we are
expanding the ground operation against
hamas's centers of gravity everywhere in
the Gaza Strip the US state department
says it is seeing some change for the
better and how Israel has attacked the
South compared to the north we've seen a
much more targeted request for
evacuations here where there the Israeli
Defense Forces have identified specific
neighborhoods they plan to conduct
military operations and urged in advance
of those operations the people in those
neighborhoods to move rather than
telling an entire city or an entire
region to to vacate still the World
Health Organization said Monday it was
warned by the Israeli Army to empty out
a warehouse in southern Gaza where it's
been storing medical supplies within 24
hours in advance of more Israeli ground
operations Israel denies that but the
Palestinian red crescent now says if has
lost contact with its medical teams in
the Gaza Strip after Communications and
internet services there had been
completely cut off Andy Rosen trt world