[Music]
showing defiance while trying to protect
their sovereignty this is why these
Muslim worshippers say they are refusing
to enter al-aqsa mosque since the new
security measures were imposed they say
it shows how Israel wants more control
over their lives even when they pray the
reason for the protest is that there are
metal barriers and bridges an occupation
only wants to let us into the location
of the prophets journey in humiliations
we will not enter al-aqsa unless we have
our heads held high Israeli authorities
installed the metal detectors saying
they wanted to step up the security
after two policemen were killed in front
of the mosque the move sparked some of
the deadliest clashes in decades between
Palestinians and Israelis
at least three Palestinians have been
killed during the protests following
Friday prayers the bottom line is that
if things don't go back to the way they
were before July 14 there will not be
any changes all new Israeli measures put
in place since that date until today
must be removed so things can go back to
normal in Jerusalem turkish President
Recep type everyone is calling on Israel
to remove anything that prevents Muslims
from visiting one of the holiest sites
in Islam Israel's move to step back from
using metal detectors which offended
Muslims is the correct decision to
reduce tension we are satisfied with
this decision but it's not enough
muslims going to friday prayers now face
closed doors we cannot tolerate this and
israeli foreign ministry posted a tweet
that appeared to be directed at ankara
the days of the ottoman empire have
passed jerusalem was is and will always
be the capital of the Jewish people the
Turkish Foreign Ministry replied trying
to cover up the fact that East Jerusalem
is under occupation will not serve peace
and stability in the region
order resolution of the
palestinian-israeli conflict the UN says
a solution to the crisis is needed by
Friday because it threatens to have
potential catastrophic costs well beyond
the walls of the old city Palestinians
are planning to protest again after
Friday prayers with Israel set to send
thousands of soldiers to stop them now
facility
TRT world
[Music]