are talking about more than 45 have been
killed 24 have been a mutation cases
more than 6500 who have been wounded
since the beginning of those marshes at
the 30th of last March and only on the
background where you can see the
demonstrators have managed to come for a
new area they called that this area is a
blind area which there are no Israeli
soldiers who have been stationed there
the new Israeli soldiers have been just
a station just a half half an hour ago
after the Brazilian youth has managed to
to cross the fence of the borders
between Gaza and Israel in another
incident in caninus on Hazara also they
said that the Palestinian youth has
managed to shoot down a photo drone used
by the Israeli soldiers to shoot - to
photo the Palestinian demonstrators in
the other hand also I would like to
rectify that the Palestinian health
sector is very in a bad deterioration
due to the blockade we are talking about
50% of bandages medicines have been
consumed so far which is make make the
the job of the of the healthy crews are
very difficult due to the large number
of injuries
so I also in this area where I'm
standing the ambulance cars have have
also facing many obstacles during to the
this blind area the see new area which
is actually a Greek cultural area and
the road is not there is not easy to to
come - to come here so it's a very
difficult year for thee and in the sixth
week of the demonstrations which they
call that the the Friday of the
Palestinian workers because of the May
Day of the Labor Day so they
specialized this Friday as the Friday of
the Palestinian labors maybe in the next
hours it will be heated up we will see
more injuries during to the death of the
Palestinian youth who managed to come to
the fence a very very short range
[Music]