after weeks of air strikes shelling and
destruction a day at the beach is a
welcome break for many in southern Gaza
it's the only place left for people to
breathe some fresh air they don't have
other recreational places to go to much
of Gaza has been reduced to Rubble by
Israel's air strikes Mahmud is an
evacuee from sheh rwan in Gaza City like
thousands of other Palestinians he
hasn't been able to check on his home
that's because Israeli forces are
preventing people from the north to go
back he says he bought his three little
girls to the beach to find some Joy
taking advantage of a 4-day Sease fire
between Hamas and
Israel the biggest burden is on the
children they were very afraid and
terrified during the war so we took
advantage of the ceasefire to calm them
down and try to entertain them a little
by the Sea so they could enjoy
themselves a bit re and FMA play happily
on the shore they say it's something
they miss doing for several weeks of
this
war we are very happy because we weren't
able to go anywhere for so long and now
we can finally play in the
sea after nearly 2 months of Relentless
Israeli attacks Palestinians in Gaza who
have been left with so little are
looking for some relief and peace of
mind in the waves and shores of the
sea most Palestinians from the north and
Gaza City have lost their homes they
have been living in United Nations run
schools since they were forced to move
South Basel is a fisherman who has no
other source of income he says he has
come to the sea to catch some fish in
order to provide for his
family thousands of Palestinians in Gaza
living on a daily wage have struggled to
feed their families during Israel's
war regardless of the war no matter how
much bombardment there is I will
continue going to the Sea what choice do
I have I need to feed my family who else
will give us money
they don't know what will happen once
this short ceasefire ends but for now
these Palestinians say all they want is
to feel the joy and calm they have been
deprived of for so long yum Al jazer Kan
Yunis in the southern Gaza
Strip make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer