the Israeli military released this video
on Thursday showing its forces near
gaza's Port this is about 500 M west of
the AL shifa Hospital there were
sporadic exchanges of fire the date and
timing of the video cannot be
independently verified the Israelis also
said they destroyed the house of the
head of hamas's political Bureau ishmail
hania overnight Wednesday he's been out
of Gaza for several years thought to be
living in Qatar the Israelis say his
house was used for meetings and planning
attacks and leaflets were dropped in
carun warning Palestinians in four
Eastern neighborhoods to evacuate
leading to fears the Israelis plan
further
attacks elsewhere the now daily ritual
of funerals for Palestinian civilians
has continued this one for the victims
of recent air strikes in the nerat and B
camps in Geneva the un's human rights
Chief warned the humanitarian crisis in
Gaza is approaching ing a dangerous
Tipping Point the total depletion of
fuel supplies is imminent according to
anra and it would be catastrophic across
all of Gaza leading to the complete
collapse of water sewage and crucial
health care services and endling the
trickle of humanitarian assistance that
has been permitted to date massive
outbreaks of infectious disease and
hunger seem
inevitable the eu's top Diplomat arrived
in his at the start of a regional tour
which he says will focus on what happens
once the fighting in Gaza ends he had
this message for his Israeli hosts I
understand your fears and pain I
understand the fears and pain of the
people that has been attacked ltered
kidnapped I
understand you
rage but let me ask you not to be
consumed by
rage I think that uh that's what the
best friend of Israel can tell you
because what makes the difference
between a civilized society and a
terrorist group is the respect for human
life in the occupied West Bank Israeli
forces say they foiled an attack by
Palestinians at a checkpoint just south
of Jerusalem Palestinian gunman in this
car open fire injuring at least four
people one critically the Israelis say
at least three guns men were killed
Simon McGregor would trt world