and as tensions flare a delegation of
Canadian MPS is in the Middle East
tonight ctv's Judy Tren on their
mission the aftermath of an Israeli air
strike that obliterated the home of two
families neighbors say 12 people were
killed among them several
children after more than 100 days of war
the United Nations says famine has
arrived putting more than two million
gazin at risk of starvation the
situation is on the minds of the
Canadian delegation as they AR arrived
in East Jerusalem two liberal and three
NDP members of parliament along with
more than a dozen humanitarian Advocates
are in a weeklong mission to find ways
for Canada to help yesterday they
visited a un school for refugees in
Jordan the students were really
concerned about the killing of the
innocent children in Gaza and the fact
that the children in Gaza have not been
able to go to schools today in East
Jerusalem they met the Palestinian
doctors of Almased Hospital some who
trained in Canada they told us about um
the 36 babies that were in the neonatal
unit uh at the alifa hospital in Gaza uh
the al-masad hospital had the capacity
to take these babies but permission
wasn't granted and it would only take
about an hour um if if they wanted to
transfer those babies and those and and
many of those babies lost their lives
their visit also involved meeting with
Jewish peace groups in Israel one of the
Israelis spoke about how his mentor
somebody that he had he had grown up
with he had worked with uh was killed on
October 7th somebody who had encouraged
him to join a peace movement 80
kilometers away Israel pulled some of
its forces out of Northern Gaza as Qatar
and France brokered a deal to deliver
medication to hostages held by Hamas in
exchange for food and water for
civilians it's a glimmer of hope in a
tangled crisis this trip was sponsored
by the advocacy group the Canadian
Muslim vote when the MPS return they say
they will file a report to Parliament
and continue pushing for a ceasefire in
Gaza Omar all right Judy thank you