s
activities in an international
trip because of breathing
related issues. Israel's defense
minister, warning Islamic
terrorists are plotting to turn
Ramadan in March into the second
phase of October. 7th our
Jerusalem correspondent Daniel
Cohen in Tel Aviv with more on
that in the Israeli prime
minister's rebuke of President
biden, Daniel. Prime Minister
Netanyahu hit back at President
Biden for claiming the Jewish
state. Incredibly conservative
government risks losing
international support. Here's
Netanyahu Tuesday, speaking in
Hebrew for a Jewish audience
across Israel. Since the start
of the war, I've been leading a
diplomatic campaign to block
pressure designed to end the war
prematurely and to secure strong
support for Israel. Today A
Harvard harris poll was
published that shows four out of
five US citizens. Israel and not
Hamas. This will help us
continue the campaign until
total victory during an ice
cream stop Monday, President
biden signaled a hostage cease
fire deal in Gaza is imminent.
However Israel's Ynet quoted
senior Israeli officials Tuesday
saying they don't know where the
president's optimism is coming
from. The Qatari Foreign
Ministry also said there has
been no breakthrough in
negotiations. Even Hamas terror
leaders called President Biden's
comments premature. Meantime
Israel's defense minister is
warning Iran backed Hamas and
Hezbollah are plotting a second
phase of October 7th during
Ramadan, though he didn't cite
specific intelligence security
concerns have prompted Israeli
authorities to consider limiting
Muslim access to the Temple
Mount and Al Aqsa Mosque in
Jerusalem, the holiest site in
the world for Jews where the
ancient temples once stood.
Judea and Samaria saw a dramatic
rise in Islamic terror attacks
in 2023, with shootings reaching
the highest level since the
second intifada in the early two
thousands during a highly
scripted appearance with late
night host Seth Meyers,
President Biden suggested
creation of a Palestinian state
is t