have you risked escalation towards a
wider war no no not at all no it was
other legitimate right to response
because they started agation against
our diplomatic premises more than 300
projectiles towards Israel uh is that
Reckless and does that not direct the
conflict towards a wider conflict a
wider fut of War CLA that the majority
of the drones and missiles has been
intercepted by the Israeli and the
Allies United States so you should
concentrate on the number of drones has
been targeted inside the occupied
territory the fact that they were
intercepted does that indicate a
military weakness on the part of Iran no
no no no it is the strength of the
United States military capabilities it
is not the
is yeah the United States says that the
United States says that um so we'll
catch you through
that you have
been sorry you have been condemned in
this chamber for a reckless act that
risks escalation the Americans in
particular are saying that you should be
held to account by the US
no we say we condemn them that for the
inaction on the first agion of the
Israeli against our diplomatic premises
if they did their job on that time maybe
it was no needed for our retaliation
Israel says there will be a significant
reaction a significant response what do
you say to
that they say there will be a
significant response Isel what do you
say I think that it is a threat only by
Tom not in action an empty threat they
know that they know that what would be
our second retaliation so they
understand the next one would be most
decisive the Iranian Ambassador there he
didn't say what a most decisive response
would entail but it is a reminder that
for all the political discussion and
diplomacy getting underway it continues
to the drumbeat of War