let's start with the latest development
in the ongoing Israel Hamas War Israeli
Army says it has mistakenly killed three
hostages that were held by Hamas in Gaza
the Army says three hostages were
identified as a threat as troops fired
at them during
combat
the three hostages were abducted by
Hamas during its October 7th attack on
multiple Israeli communities expressing
deep remorse over that incident the IDF
says it Bears responsibility for
everything that happened and that
immediate lessons have been learned as
it continues its Onslaught in
Gaza idf's spokesperson said that the
the Army believes that these hostages
either escaped or are abandoned by
militants who held them
captive and they are farther
investigating to ascertain more details
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has called the incident
unbearable
tragedy the news has infuriated many
Israelis who are protesting near the
Israeli Ministry of Defense in Tel Aviv
these include relatives of hostages
still held by
Hamas
[Music]
[Music]
the US has also reacted and has called
the incident heartbreaking White House
says it expects Israel to conduct a th
investigation US National Security
Council spokesperson John Kirby also
reacted to that incident Israel has been
facing mounting International pressure
and isolation for its offensive that has
killed thousands so far the country also
acknowledged that nearly 1/5 of its
soldiers have been killed so far in the
war and they've died due to Friendly
Fires or other accidents even though the
IDF claims of making sign significant
advancements it is also paying a quote
unquote heavy
price
[Music]
weon is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the
move