for years security has been crucial for
the state of israel
now the jewish state is ramping up its
military capabilities with a major
technological shift in its security
israel will surround itself with a laser
defense wall that's a new way to
intercept missiles let's take a listen
within a year already the idf will bring
into action a laser-based interception
system first experimentally and later
operationally first in the south then in
other places and this will enable us as
the years advance to surround israel
with a wall of lasers which will protect
us from missiles rockets uavs and other
threats but in fact it will deny it will
take from the enemy the strongest card
that he has against us the economic
equation will be overturned they will
invest much and be little
is known about the system's
effectiveness it is expected to be
deployed at sea land and air
this will act as a deterrent message for
other west asian countries the lasers
will be an addition to israel's other
defenses
its current air defenses are based on
iron dome david sling and arrow all
systems that launch interceptor missiles
costing tens of thousands of dollars to
millions of dollars each
but israel believes that the laser wall
technology will be a game changer it
will first be experimentally implemented
in the south and will then be
operational in other parts of the
country
our correspondent jody cohen has sent
off this report from tel aviv
i'm at the imss in tel aviv which is
sandwiched between hamas and gaza and
hezbollah in lebanon it's a long way
from tehran but not so far from iranian
proxies in the region and on tuesday the
israeli prime minister spoke from this
podium saying that the campaign to
weaken iran would be waged on a number
of fronts only days after iran-backed
houthis fired a missile at the uae
bennett indicated that israel would
share the new laser technology abroad
and there is speculation that this could
mark the start of a new regional defense
system to protect against iran this is
jody kern for beyond world is one
we are now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move