and also the significant development
Israel has communicated it intentions to
the Arab states to establish a buffer
zone along the Palestinian side of the
Gaza border this move is reportedly
aimed at preventing future attacks as
part of a post-war proposal the sarting
the Egyptian and the regional sources a
writers report has now revealed that
Israel has shared its plans with the
Arab states this includes Egypt Jordan
and the United Arab Emirates moreover
Saudi Arabia has also been informed
despite not having any diplomatic toes
officially with Israel even non-arab
turkey has received the information
about the proposed buffer zone where the
Israelis want to push out the
Palestinian people in in response none
of the Arab Nations have exposed
expressed any willingness to administer
Gaza in any way in the future there
haven't been any official Commons from
these nations instead most of them have
in fact condemned Israel's offensive
that has resulted in a humanitarian
catastrophe where thousands of people
being killed most of them women and
children children so young that they do
not even know that they Palestinians and
that is why they caught in this mind
numbing
War now senior Regional security
official explained the reason and let's
let's in fact quote that here Israel
wants this buffer zone to prevent Hamas
or any other militant faction from
infiltrating or attacking
Israel meanwhile The American Secretary
of State Anthony blinkin has held
discussions with the West Asian Nations
regarding the future of Gaza this even
after Israel resumed its attacks on the
Palestinian Enclave the discussion
covered the present state of the ongoing
War and the kind of measures that are
being taken to deliver Aid into the Gaza
Strip previously these nations have
repealed Us's attempts to discuss a post
Hamas future for Gaza arguing over the
American demand for an immediate
ceasefire
Von is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move