more raids have been carried out in the
occupied West Bank Israeli Army units
stormed the outskirts of Al Fara camp in
the north and arrested several
Palestinians let's get the latest from
Zan bavi who's in rala bring us up to
date
Zan well I'll start by telling you about
a raid and clashes that are still
ongoing in al- east of ramala dozens
have been dozens of Palestinians have
been detained as Israeli forces go from
house to house Witnesses saying that
they've turned it into a kind of
military base and soldiers have been
seen raising Israeli Flags over
Palestinian homes and that happening in
al- mugay as we speak those raids are
currently ongoing overnight we saw
reports of 60 Palestinians being
detained in raids all over the occupied
West Bank early this morning Northeast
of ramala and tubas uh Israeli forces
raided uh and there were armed clashes
uh with Palestinian Fighters there at Al
far refugee camp those clashes that raid
now over uh there's been another arrest
raid being carried out in hosan west of
Bethlehem and in Janine in kufan near
Janine two homes have been surveyed
homes of two Palestinians that were
detained back in August and whenever
Israeli forces survey a home that is a
Prelude to that home being demolished
again this home belonging to two
Palestinians that were detained by
Israeli forces and remain in detention
since August three other people were
detained three brothers were detained in
a village uh near Janine and this is the
third time that this family has been
detained Israeli forces trying to bring
pressure to bear on another brother that
they are pursuing to try and arrest so
these cases of a kind of collective
punishment pressuring certain family
members to have another person surrender
themselves to Israeli forces these kinds
of indignities continuing in the
occupied West Bank okay thank you for
that Zan BVI there for us in
rala