Anderson some hours after it was
confirmed that Israel's cabinet had
approved uh the hostage deal Kata
announced uh the success of its joint
mediation efforts with Egypt and the
United States uh the details of the deal
as we uh Now understand them are 50
women and children uh released uh from
captivity with Hamas for the exchange of
Palestinians women and teenagers held in
Israeli prisons and the opening of the
Rafa border for more fuel including uh
for more Aid in including uh fuel uh to
be brought back across that border uh
crucial uh for humanitarian efforts of
course and in a statement from the lead
negotiator uh in Kata Dr Muhammad alhi
uh he said and I quote here kata's aim
since the start of this escalation has
been to find ways to reduce tensions
stop the Bloodshed protect civilians and
protect a regional spillover the
International Community must now seize
the brief window of opportunity to
generate further momentum for the
Diplomatic track recognizing it as the
only viable route to ending the conflict
in both the short and longterm K's
statement earlier suggests that uh the
pause will start uh within around 24
hours from now it is uh uh 6:30 :3 in
the morning here local time and this
statement from the lead negotiator went
on to say kata's priority now is to
ensure that the terms of the agreement
are respected while redoubling our
efforts to secure a long-term ceasefire
and this statement includes the term
redoubling our efforts to secure a
long-term ceasefire end the war and work
towards lasting peace through a
comprehensive political process perhaps
not a surprise that Kata would be
seeking a long-term ceasefire in this
statement after all that has been its
position from the outset of this
conflict Becky Anderson CNN do