the israel defense forces of the idf
have released new footage of what they
claim are mass terror facilities and
civilian centers the idf alleges that
hamas is building terror hubs near
civilian centers in gaza and our
correspondent jody cohen brings you this
report
the idf have released drone footage
taken over gaza in the last two months
[Music]
the clips suggest as per idf that hamas
is building terror tunnels to store
weapons and mobilize fighters right next
to populated areas
they say a cement factory is nearby
where concrete arches are made for the
tunnels and hamas flags clearly stand on
display
israel has long argued that hamas puts
palestinian civilians at risk with such
facilities amidst the civilian
population
hamas says israelis are the war
criminals with 243 gazans killed in the
most recent conflict in may 2021 israel
claims
225 of those were terrorist operatives
and that it gives civilians advance
warnings of strikes
[Applause]
the idf has revealed examples that show
how hamas endangers palestinian
civilians
hamas launches attacks from within
population centers towards population
centers
the whole world should must see this
crime against humanity
israel will operate against thorough
targets
and defend itself
hamas leaders have previously made
public statements about the
organization's tunnels and capabilities
hamas claims that the idf's footage is
from quote zionist war criminals
conducting psychological warfare to harm
the resistance and our popular front and
to incite the palestinian public opinion
against it
the idf would like the international
community to understand the complex
challenges they're facing and to take
action to prevent hamas from operating
in civilian areas such as in schools
that also act as emergency shelters it
remains to be seen how the international
community and hamas will respond this is
jody cohn for we on world is one
beyond is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move