niran's intelligence ministry has
announced the arrest of agents linked to
israel's intelligence agency mossad
they added that the suspects entered
iran to carry out attacks against
quote-unquote sensitive sites as per the
intelligence minister the suspects
entered iran from northern iraq's
kurdistan region the suspects were
arrested before they could carry out
their mission the state media claimed
that these people were sent to carry out
terrorist operations adding that they
were in contact with mossad through one
of iran's neighbors however neither the
ministry nor the media gave details on
the total number of people that were
arrested
they also did not provide details on the
targets of the alleged plan as per the
statement modern communication equipment
and explosive devices were also seized
during the arrest the two countries have
been engaged in a long-standing shadow
war iran has accused israel of carrying
out attacks against its nuclear sites
they've also alleged that israel is has
assassinated their key figures in
scientists iran has blamed israel for
killing revolutionary guards colonel
syad kodai at his home in tehran on the
22nd of may this year the islamic
republic said that they arrested three
people linked to mossad in april
in march iran claimed that they had
prevented an attack on a nuclear plant
by planned by suspects linked to israel
meanwhile french president emmanuel
macron yesterday expressed his
disappointment to his iranian
counterpart
ibrahim ricey at the lack of progress
over talks on the 2015 nuclear agreement
the french leader's telephone call with
rissi comes as negotiations in vienna
between iran and world powers including
the united states have stalled since
march
the 2015 deal aims to prevent iran from
developing the capability to acquire an
atomic bomb this in exchange for lifting
sanctions that have hobbled its economy
beyond is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move