now with that we have a breaking news
coming in this is about a word coming in
from BJP as far as the Kerala and the
support for ramas is concerned because
we have a news that is coming in
straight from Kerala where ramas leader
Khaled mashal participated virtually in
a youth resistance rally organized by
solidarity youth movement in malapuram
actually solidarity youth movement is
the youth wing of jamaat islami they
organized this in Mal
and quoted that approved bulldozer
hindutva and aped Zionism was the slogan
now BJP State president K surendran has
reacted to this entire Saga and sought
action BJP State president K surendran
went on to say and I quote that a mass
leader Khaled Mel's virtual address at
the solidarity event in malapuram is
alarming where is Pinay vijayan Kerala
police is under the guise of save
Palestine they are actually glorifying a
mass terrorist organization and its
leaders as quote unquote Warriors this
is unacceptable this is the words that
he has actually shared with the home
minister MIT sha uh on his social media
profile we have CNN news 18's n joining
us on the broadcast n are very good
morning to you could you tell us more
about that uh event that has been
organized and how exactly did this Hamas
spokesperson participated in it see it
is a solidarity youth movements program
uh which was a youth resistance rally
support of Palestine uh so here it is
actually the youth wing of Jama islami
it was organized in malapuram that is
what we know uh so um in this rally
virtually the Hamas leader had
participated uh this happened yesterday
in malapuram is what we are
understanding and for this now the BJP
has reacted and said that uh people from
terrorist organizations are uh
addressing uh in this country what is
the police doing now we will have to
wait and watch because uh what really
would uh the response be from the uh
home Minister's office also because uh
uh this is something at a national level
also they will have to look at so
whether there will be any action against
these organizers so what will be the
course of action that is something which
we will have to watch out for right n
thank you so much for bringing in all
those crucial details we'll keep coming
back to for more updates on that right
now we are