president Isaac Herzog is visiting the
United States his upcoming meeting with
U.S President Joe Biden at the White
House is second under 10 months and is
more than ceremonial this time it comes
against the backdrop of growing U.S
criticism of the Israeli government for
initiating a controversial legislation
meant to limit the power of the Supreme
Court the ongoing Construction in the
occupied West Bank during his visit
Israeli president Herzog will also meet
vice president Kamala Harris and
Congressional leaders on Wednesday he
will become the second Israeli president
after his father to address the U.S
Congress his speech will Mark Israel's
celebration of its 75th years of
Independence according to White Hot
officials the meeting between the two
leaders is seen as an opportunity to
strengthen an already Ironclad
relationship further adding that the
leaders will discuss how to prevent Iran
from getting nuclear weapons but the
Declaration of mutual respect has mass
stream change between the two countries
the bide Administration is frustrated
with netanyahu's position on Israel of
these settlements and efforts to
overhaul the judicial system despite
this prime minister Netanyahu has been
impatiently waiting for his turn to meet
President Biden for the first time in
Washington since he returned to office
in December netanyahu's invite came just
hours before herzog's flight when
President Biden phoned prime minister
Netanyahu though it's not clear that a
white house sit down is on the table
interestingly the invitation to prime
minister Netanyahu comes after New York
Times columnist Thomas Friedman warned
in the column that the Biden
Administration is reassessing its ties
with the Netanyahu government Friedman
wrote that Biden believes prime minister
netanyahu's government is using his
judicial overhaul push as a smoke screen
to engage in unprecedented radical
Behavior he says that this is
undermining the shared interests with
Israel
foreign