now even as the civilian casualties
Mount Israel is leaving no stone
unturned in its attempt to purge Hamas
from Gaza in fact several hostages uh
families in Israel fear that Netanyahu
government would prioritize wiping out
Hamas over freeing the captives a
relative of the hostage claims that
Israel's stop officials told him that
they won't prioritize the release of
captives over the defeat of us
listening now when we've met with the
entire cabinet what we've heard is that
taking down Kamas and bringing the
hostages are as important are equally
important as far as I am concerned and I
represent myself and my family this is
incredibly disappointing because I feel
that at this point when we know that
taking down Kamas we keep hearing from
them is going to take months or years
and it's going to take a long time on
the other hand the other objective is
time sensitive people are dying we know
that for sure and as the other goal is
time sensitive and we're talking about
people's lives then we all feel
especially when we're talking about our
families that this should be the top
priority it doesn't mean that we should
not care about taking down Kamas
absolutely not nobody is claiming that
nobody is saying that but but we
definitely have a criticism on how this
priori
goes now amid the escalating War us is
continuing its attempt to broker a deal
for humanitarian pauses and captive
release US President Joe Biden has said
that a hostage release deal is near and
about 240 hostages were taken during
hamas's deadly crossb Rampage into
Israel on October
7 president President Biden and the team
here is doing everything we can to help
get the hostages that Hamas took get
them released including uh young
children uh and of course Americans that
are in that pole pool now I think I know
this is of great interest to all of you
um uh I just want to let you know we're
still working this hour by hour I do not
have an update for you on the hostage uh
uh deal that we're trying to negotiate
uh but as you heard the deputy National
Security advisor say yesterday we
believe we're closer than we've ever
been so we're hopeful
uh but uh but there's still work to be
done um uh and nothing is done until
it's all done so uh we're going to keep