continues in Gaza one question has
humanitarian Aid workers
scrambling how to help civilian victims
without strengthening the regimes that
oppress them in France striking that
balance has politicians divided
particularly those amongst the
Senate the people of Gaza cannot receive
a double punishment they are already
living under Hamas
dictatorship we are in favor maintaining
aid from the European Union as long as
the aid is not in intended to do
anything other than help the civilian
population hospitals provide electricity
or food security otherwise you are
adding despair to
despair you can't pay for the Rope
you're going to be hanged with it's a
good thing to suspend Aid we need to see
how we can help the civilian population
but in a different way and not help the
terrorists the European Union has thus
far been the biggest contributor of
financial support to the Palestinians
according to to the European external
Action Service 1.2 billion EUR has been
earmarked for the period 2021 to 2024
with half the package already paid out
leaders have aimed to reassure the
public that not a single Euro has been
paid directly to Hamas but ensuring
humanitarian causes are not nefariously
hijacked remains a piercing issue as is
keeping key donors sympathetic to the
cause humanitarian law and the Geneva
Convention obliges the occupying power
to guar guarante the wellbeing of the
population but it's not Israel that's
paying it's the United States Europe and
so on so if they stop paying what's
going to happen normally Israel should
pay but obviously Israel won't want to
pay some experts think other major
players should now step in to help such
as the surrounding Arab states while
they have the means until now they
provided less than their Western
counterparts in Aid to Palestinian
refugees throughout the Middle East