within the last hour the Israeli Prime
Minister benan Netanyahu has said he
will not be sending a delegation to
Washington as a result of this vote well
standing by for us now in Jerusalem with
a bit more on that is our senior
reporter Katherine Norris Trent
Katherine good to talk to you what more
can you tell us today about the Israeli
reaction hello there n well yahu the
Israeli Prime Minister is said to be
furious that the US failed to veto this
res resolution calling for a ceasefire
and he acted quickly immediately U
pretty much putting out a statement
saying that that delegation of senior
Israeli officials which had been
requested by Joe Biden the US president
to travel to Washington DC to the White
House for talks to listen to the US uh
proposals for an alternative to an
allout ground off offensive in Rafa that
delegation won't be leaving um says
benan Netanyahu um he said um that the
US decision not to veto this ceasefire
which doesn't call First for a
liberation of Israeli hostages hurts
Israel's war effort and contradicts the
US stance um that's been there in at the
United Nations security Council and uh
with uh regard to Israel since the
beginning of this war Netanyahu said
that this was a clear Retreat the US has
since hit back and denied that saying
this does not represent a policy shift
but in some of the words that
netanyahu's been putting out already
since this un vote you can see just how
um dismayed angry he is he says it gives
Hammer hope uh that International
pressure will allow for a ceasefire
without the release of Israel's abductee
so it's just laying bear once again the
rift between the Biden Administration
and the current Israeli government