[Music]
believe
[Music]
[Music]
Aaron haliva the head of Israel's
Military Intelligence has resigned over
the failures surrounding hamas's
unprecedented October 7th attack which
broke through Israel's vaunted
defenses Hala is the first senior
Israeli figure to step down after
hamas's attack which killed 1,200 people
mostly civilians with roughly 250 more
taken captive
and sparked the 6mon long war against
Hamas in
Gaza in his resignation letter he said
the Intelligence Division under his
command did not live up to the task we
were entrusted with I carry that black
day with me ever since day after day
night after night I will carry the
horrible pain of the war with me
forever Aliva acknowledged
responsibility shortly after the October
attack admitting fault for failing to
prevent the assault his resignation May
pave the way for other high ranking
Israeli security officials to also
accept accountability for the attack and
resign Hamas killed some
1,200 people and abducted another
253 on October 7th igniting the Gaza
conflict 105 hostages were freed in no M
While others still remain
captive the six-month long War and the
government's inability to free the
hostages have sparked new divisions in
Israeli Society protesters are demanding
netanyahu's resignation and the release
of the hostages taken by Hamas on
October
7th I am here because Netanyahu H took
took all of us as ostes is going of a
wall of Revenge of Destruction instead
of bringing back our abdes I'm here to
fight for the return of my friends who
are kidnapped by uh Hamas uh I want my
government to do more to bring them home
uh I think that right now it's not in
the best interest of Netanyahu to bring
them home and um this uh situation where
my government doesn't fight for my
friends is
unacceptable over 34,000 Palestinians
have lost their lives in the ongoing
violence as reported by local Health
authorities in
Gaza tragically at least 2/3 of these
casualties are children and women the
devastation wrought by this war has been
particularly severe in gaza's largest
cities leaving widespread destruction in
its
wake in response to the violence and
Chaos Approximately 80% of the
territories population has fled to other
areas within the besieged coastal
Enclave
[Music]
[Music]