[Music]
this way to Palestine it's a journey
that started nearly nine months ago in
the Swedish city of Gothenburg since
then Benjamin Ladra has walked across
much of Europe by himself to highlight
the plight of the Palestinian people and
to mark 100 years of the Balfour
Declaration which pledged a Jewish
homeland in what was British controlled
Palestine Benjamin whose mother is
Swedish and father Algerian is traveling
light and covers around 30 kilometres a
day he's now in Istanbul where he's
explaining why Palestine continues to be
such an important issue it's just crazy
the injustice you see when you go there
I had the privilege of going there
because I had my passport the
Palestinians they can't even enter the
city if they're not from there it's just
an insane situation so much violence the
people are so nice so supportive sending
me lots and lots of love which is very
encouraging and very strengthening
because sometimes you know it's raining
for several days straight you're very
tired cold but when you get lots of love
social media it helps you to keep strong
and keeps you going so this I really
appreciate it a lot benjamin has been
updating his progress on social media
it's allowed him to make friends along
the way like Palestinian traveler moot
Assam Alawi I feel more hope now because
that's mean there is more awareness in
the world and people they start to
understand that what's happening in
Palestine it's not just about
Palestinians about the whole world and
it's responsible for the whole world so
far Benjamin has completed 3,000
kilometres taking in 11 European
countries and he has another 2,000 to go
he'll take a boat from Turkey to Egypt
and will then walk to Jordan and finally
Jerusalem
Benjamin planned his journey for an
entire year selling his drum kit to buy
a tent and some basic necessities but as
word of his journey spread supporters
have provided him with food and a bed
for the night
he has no idea when he'll eventually
reach his destination but is determined
to make it to the end
Benjamin says he intends to continue
fighting for the Palestinian cause even
when his walk is over it's something
he's supported for many years and he's
proven he's prepared to go the extra
mile Shamim Chaudhary TRT world Istanbul
[Music]
you