this morning the world is now seeing HH
Goldberg pollen alive more than 200 days
after the American Israeli citizen was
taken hostage during the October 7th
attack only Goldberg po speaking in
Hebrew hsh's hair is shaved and he's
missing part of his left arm the
24-year-old says I am the son of
Jonathan and Rachel I was born in
California and quote Mom Dad Libby Orly
I love you very much I miss you very
much I think of you every day that I'm
here I need you to stay strong for me
and not stop fighting it's unclear when
Hamas recorded the video which hsh's
parents gave ABC News permission to
show HS was seen at the music festival
in Israel that came under attack being
pushed into this truck by Hamas
terrorists his parents say hirsh was
hiding in a
shelter when militants threw grenades
inside severely wounding his arm just
days after their son was Tak captive
last fall hs's mother said this to David
M we are every person's
nightmare that's who we
are anyone who's a parent anyone who is
a mother or has a mother can imagine
what I'm going through and now a mix of
both relief and worry seeing a video of
her today is overwhelming we're relieved
to see him alive but we are also
concerned about his health and
[Applause]
wellbeing the video of hirs prompted
protesters to take to the streets in
Jerusalem last night demanding the
government do more to bring home the
hostages about 130 are still believed to
be held by Hamas her if you can hear
this we heard your voice today for the
first time in 201 days and if you can
hear us we love you stay strong
survive talks for potential hostage deal
between Israel and Hamas have stalled a
Hamas official yesterday said the group
will lay down its weapons if a two-state
solution is implemented