let's start with our top focus on the
Israel and Palestinian conflict which is
going on as we speak this all started
after a brutal and of course devastating
unprecedented attack by hamash as far as
on the Israeli territory is concerned
now there is massive retaliation from
the Israeli side which has now pushed
West Bank to a precipice now affecting
lives of millions of people in the
region resulting in sharp divisions
between the west and the Arab world now
this is one of the you know the prospect
of a long extended conflict which can
claim lives you know in in much brutal
fashion specifically uh now after the
initial wave of attacks by the Hamas
terror group on the Israeli soil the
retaliation could be extremely costly as
far as the Palestinians are concerned on
the ground the tragic human life loss
and the suffering on both sides the
Israel and the Gaza Strip are extend
evident with their toll easily over 600
with over 300 killed in isra itself now
several Israeli civilians and soldiers
have been taken hostage by Hamas Israel
has launched a massive counter offensive
which involves the use of extensive air
power against
Targets in the Gaza Strip Gaza Strip
ladies and gentlemen one of the most
densely populated areas on planet Earth
uh in the latest in fact Israeli Prime
Minister benj Benjamin Netanyahu has
asked Gaza residents to leave
immediately promising that he will use
the entire might of the army to reduce
Gaza to rubul but while he made this
statement if people those who understand
the geography there would know there is
no way for any civilian as far as the
Gaza Strip is concerned to go you can
either go through two checkpoints in
Israel or there is a c which is highly
in fact uh mobilized and monitored by
the Israeli Navy uh now this may be well
a Prelude to a massive ground offensive
leading to possible physical occupation
of the Gaza Strip This is a move that
could potentially be the sharpest
setback yet to the prospects of any
hopes of extended peace in the volatile
region
[Music]
meanwhile the president of United States
Joe Biden has once again tweeted in
support of Israel and has said the world
is seeing the appalling images thousands
of Rock is raining down on Israeli
cities Hamas terrorists killing not only
Israeli soldiers but civilians on the
streets and in their homes