[Music]
it was initially a concerted attempt to
establish a coalition in the days after
the announcement about moving the US
Embassy to Jerusalem turkish President
Recep Tayyip Erdogan convene leaders
from Muslim countries to agree on a
response vision today we declared that
we recognized Jerusalem as Palestine as
capital from now on the capital of the
state of Palestine will be Jerusalem in
our eyes and it will remain that way
the 57 nations attending the conference
in Istanbul may have been united on the
status of Jerusalem but they all have
their own relationship with the United
States in politics money often talks
louder than diplomatic statements
the Egyptian president Abdel Fattah
el-sisi is aware his country has
received more than 77 billion dollars in
US aid since 1948 including 1.3 billion
a year in current military aid like
Egypt few countries want to risk the
financial backing they received from the
US despite an overwhelming vote at the
United Nations in December to reject the
American position on Jerusalem in a
thinly veiled threat ahead of the vote
according to their ambassador nikki
Haley the US would be taking names of
those who voted against them Saudi
Arabia was critical relocating the
American Embassy but they're known to be
closer to the Trump administration than
that of his predecessor Barack Obama and
with Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman
now deciding Saudi policy they also have
far warmer relations with Israel than
ever before due to their mutual distrust
of Iran they've even opened their
airspace for flights to Israel for the
first time they're still anger at the
decision and the treatment of the
Palestinian people first in
Palestinians are the symbol of all
oppressed people in the world because of
the persecution massacres and in
Justices they have been subjected to
the unpalatable truth for President
Mahmoud Abbas and the Palestinians is
that despite unity from the Muslim world
there is very little they can do
President Trump is aware that the near
universal condemnation of the change in
US policy counts for almost nothing the
only thing opposing the move of the US
Embassy and us recognition of Jerusalem
as the Israeli capital is loud political
rhetoric francis collins trt world
[Music]