tensions are rising along Israel's
Northern front with Lebanon a rocket
barrage fired from Lebanon into Northern
Israel has wounded a number of people
and a female Israeli soldier is reported
dead Israel has responded with a series
of air strikes inside Lebanon where four
people were reported killed there as
well
now this is the latest reminder of the
risk of the war in Gaza spreading to a
second front Israel and Hezbollah in
Lebanon have been exchanging fire almost
daily throughout uh throughout this
war now Lebanon didn't claim
responsibility for this latest rocket
barrage but it has said that it will
continue to launch strikes on Israel
until there's a ceasefire in
Gaza
[Music]
the flower
was
those ceasefire e efforts appear to have
taken a step backwards this week top
negotiators from Israel Qatar Egypt and
the US were gathered in Cairo in a sign
of what looked like progress well today
Israel says it has withdrawn its
negotiating team and prime minister
Benjamin netan is accusing Hamas of
negotiating in bad faith he says there
will not be any breakthroughs or any
changes until Hamas softens its
positions T
Eran
[Applause]
in the meantime the fighting continues
in Gaza the Israeli offensive continues
to press forward and uh Israel has
ordered the evacuation of a hospital the
main hospital in the southern town of
Khan Yunis this has been a focus of the
Israeli offensive in recent
[Music]
[Music]
weeks
[Music]
this evacuation is the latest reminder
of the fragile state of gaza's hospital
system where roughly half of the
hospitals have closed the others have
severely limited operations so now
there's an uh an evacuation from another
hospital it's a reminder of that fragile
state of the hospital system it's also a
reminder of the dwindling number of
places where Gins can go to seek
shelter