barely a couple of kilometers from the
Gaza Strip we are currently at the
southernmost STP of Southern Israel we
are ahead
of which is a a city of a population of
30,000 people and when you come out of
that City and head towards the Cabo
including kafa AAR this is what you see
bullets all over this place look at this
not one not two not three but in
hundreds these are bullets here in
absolute hundreds that these terrorists
had and they sprayed people
indiscriminately with this ammunition
just look at people who were there in
their cars they were burnt alive uh
according to Israeli officials that
we've spoken to according to
investigators people the terrorist came
in Israeli police uniforms they stopped
people when they stopped on his side
petrol was sprayed on their cars and the
cars were set on fire with people inside
that's one part of the story this entire
place is completely burned there are
charred remains here even now this is
how barbaric the Hamas terrorists were
kafa AAR where children were massacred
barely a couple of meters down the road
sdot where people where Hamas terrorists
went and indiscriminately fired at
people a kilometer down the road here in
fact some Pockets here still not cleared
of the Hamas control um the Israeli Army
and Special Forces still going clearing
house to house that's the situ ation in
Israel as the country takes a Steely
resolve to completely decimate the Hamas
threat in fact right now the sound that
you hear uh these are bombs that are
going off at the Gaza Strip the Dark
Blooms of smoke that you see behind me
these are Israeli Precision guided
mition completely decimating the
stronghold of the Hamas at the Gaza
Strip the situation here remains
extremely tense of sa in southern Israel
near St for India
today