body camera footage released by the
Israel Defense Forces claims to show
firefights between the country's
military and Palestinian militants in
the city of Khan yunes in the Gaza Strip
vaa cannot independently verify the
dates or locations provided by the
Israeli military this is the latest in a
conflict that started when Hamas stormed
Israel on October 7th killing 1,200
people and kidnapping roughly 240 others
to date the Hamas control World Health
Ministry in Gaza says Israeli forces
have killed more than
21,600 Palestinians in Israel's ongoing
strikes and while much of the world has
called for a humanitarian ceasefire to
bring Aid into Palestinian territories
US President Joe Biden has so far
resisted pressuring his Israeli
counterpart to act to stop the
fighting Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu held a media briefing over the
weekend in which he said the war is in
full swing but warned it will continue
for many more months he also spoke of
threats posed by Iran the Islamic
Republic backs yemeni houthis a group
the United States formerly designated as
a terrorist organization Western allies
say houthis attack and disrupt shipping
Commerce passing through the Red Sea the
White House says it's considering
reclassifying them as a terror group
Congressional Republicans say the White
House needs to do more to curb Tan's
proxies this Administration has been
very timid in responding to escalations
by Iran in in order to be able to
address this they're going to have to
look at uh operations into Yemen where
the capabilities are a resident where
Iran continues to reload them as they
attack commercial shipping areas and put
at risk uh US military US Central
Command said the Navy destroyed houy
boats whose Crews attempted to board a
container ship in the Red Sea and the
Israeli military this week claimed to
have intercepted what it described as a
hostile aerial Target and content that
vaa cannot independently verify as smoke
Rose over Northern Gaza Sunday amid
Israel's continued campaign in The
Enclave 2024 looks to hold more
Bloodshed in Palestinian territories as
Israel stands by its stated goal of
eradicating Hamas and a growing cast of
actors enters the theater of war Arash
arabasadi vaa news