now since the Hamas terrorist launched
an unprecedented attack on Israel on 7th
of October last month Republic crew has
been on the very front line getting you
minute to minute updates on this ever
raging War here's another exclusive
report filed by my colleague from the
Gaza border area where artillery and
firing continues uh from Israel and
Hamas
side has carried out another major air
strike on the Hamas infrastructure deep
inside the Gaza territory right now we
are reporting from the armus line of
agreement and you will see a huge smoke
coming out of the areas there multiple
air strikes have been carried out and
this smoke the white smoke that is
coming out is alleged to be the
headquarters of the Hamas that are very
close to the aristic line of agreement
that have now been hit by the Israel
Defense Forces and as you see the huge
smoke that is coming out these are
multiple a strikes that are being
carried out by the isra Defense Forces
and on the 43rd day of the uh ongoing
War the Hamas continues to pose a threat
to the Israel Defense Forces and that's
why the areas that were cleared in the
first six days of the operations have
been reactivated Again by The Cars of
Hamas they are using their Terror tunnel
networks as being set by the Israel
Defense Forces to carry out the attack
though there are humanitarian pauses
this being given by the Israel side but
these massive strikes that are taking
place inside the Gaza Strip speaks of
the volumes that how after 43 days of
the war the Hamas is still active and
carrying out the attacks and using their
Terror infrastructure to Target the
Israel Defense Forces that are entering
from the south of the Gaza that towards
the north of from south of Israel to
north of the Gaza to carry out the
attack on the Hamas infrastructure but
that infrastructure that was reactivated
and was being used Again by the Hamas
has been hit by multiple air strikes by
the Israel side and as we speak the loud
smokes Banks can also be heard and the
smoke that is coming out from the
infrastructure can be seen very close to
the armers line of agreement that
divides the Gaza Strip from the Israel
state with Surendra with giman Singh for
public media
Network
Z
artillery
tanks war zone active
war war zone
off
War