the United States assisted Israel in
shooting down dozens of drones and
missiles fired by Iran on Saturday it
marked the first time tan launched a
direct military assault on Israel United
States troops are stationed in West Asia
for different reasons and except for
Syria they are there with the permission
of each country's government here's a
look at Washington's military presence
in the
region thing you do you know slow as
smooth smooth as fast
[Applause]
higher 50
[Music]
m keep covering that flag towards your
side the United States of America has
2500 troops in Iraq and 900 more in
neighboring Syria on a mission to advise
and assist local forces to combat the
Islamic State United States armed forces
are deployed in Saudi Arabia to protect
United States interests in the region
against Iran and iran-backed groups
United States military personnel are
also deployed in Jordan to support
anti-islamic state operations to enhance
Jordan security and promote Regional
stability nearly 89 United States
military personnel are in Lebanon to
enhance counterterrorism capab abilities
and support counterterrorism operations
of Lebanese Security
Forces approximately 451 us Personnel
are assigned to or are supporting the
United States contingent of the
multinational force and observers that
have been present in Egypt since the
year
1981 US bases are highly guarded
facilities including with air defense
systems to protect against missiles or
drones facilities in countries like
bahin Saudi Arabia KU are not usually
attacked but US troops in Iraq and Syria
have come under frequent fire in recent
years since October 7th US troops have
been attacked multiple times by
iran-backed militia injuring the US
troops the largest US base in West Asia
is located in Qatar known as Al uded air
base and built in the year 1996
for all the latest news download the Von
app And subscribe to our YouTube channel