the death stroll continues to mount in
Gaza with authorities saying at least 93
were killed in Israeli strikes during
the last 24 hours Israeli Prime Minister
Benin Netanyahu has once again said that
the war will go on for months adding
that Israel has destroyed around 2third
of hamas's fighting regiments in
Gaza there are two stages to the
fighting the first is destroying the
Hamas regimens those are their organized
combat Frameworks up until now 16 or 17
out of 24 have been destroyed after that
there is the stage of clearing the
territory of militants the first action
is usually shorter the second usually
takes longer and we deal with both
things at the same
time the Israeli Army says that troops
have now reached the southernmost point
of their ground invasions of Gaza so far
this Amit the intensified operation in
southern gaza's main city of kanones
Israel says it eliminates ated dozens of
militants here in the past day and added
that soldiers raided an outpost of
hamas's khanas Brigade as well as of
officers of its commanders and a seized
weapons
cash Israeli Army also released a video
showing demolition of tunnels that are
part of a Hamas weapons manufacturing
Network in southern
Gaza meanwhile there are visuals from
Rafa where dozens were killed according
to Gaza Health authorities many people
have fled the area mid heavy bombardment
on the other hand Israelis have
continued their protest demanding more
action from the government to secure the
release of hostages in Gaza protesters
blocked a highway in Tel Aviv as they
called for a different politics to end
the war in
Gaza for now we all All We Have Heard is
the right-wing people talking about
occupying Gaza killing all the people in
Gaza and having us living in a
continuous War what we ask for is a
different politics a politics that can
bring both people who are living here
also the Jewish people and the
Palestinian people peace Liberty and
security Theon is now available in your
country download the app now get all the
news on the move