[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
let
[Music]
oh
[Music]
oh
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
as you know uh we' put forward a um
proposal to Hamas that the United States
uh qar and Egypt uh working with Israel
had um had put together and then as I
said put forward we received a response
from Hamas about a week ago uh a
response that we believe while it has as
I said at the time a number of clear
non-starters in it also offers the
possibility of working toward toward an
agreement we're now in the process um
with our counterparts uh from cter from
Egypt from Israel in working on that and
working very intensely on that with the
goal uh of trying to find a find an
agreement and I believe that uh that it
is possible now as I said there are some
very very hard issues uh that have to be
resolved but uh we're committed to doing
everything we
can
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
oh
[Music]
with uh regard to American citizens who
reportedly were uh killed uh first thing
I would say is our deepest condolences
to the families to the loved ones to the
friends um you've heard me say this
before President feels the same way the
safety the security of American citizens
around the world is our number one
priority our number one
responsibility and we've made clear that
with regard to the the incidents you
alluded to uh there needs to be an
investigation we need to get the facts
and if appropriate there needs to be
[Music]
accountability
[Music]
an evacuation to a safe place in Gaza is
an
illusion um and um we need to push back
on the calls that we're all hearing from
the authorities to say You must help us
move the people of Gaza to some safe
place this is an
illusion um and we will of course do
whatever we can to help those people who
want to move I'm sure all of us together
in our different ways but we are not
going to be in the lead of any forced
evacuation that should be
[Music]
[Applause]
clear
[Music]
[Music]
oh
[Music]
oh