we stay focused of course on the ongoing
conflict between Israel and Hamas it's
the 33rd day of the war the IDF has
claimed that they are in the heart of
Gaza City now and have so far attacked
almost 14,000 Terror Targets in the past
1 month while discovering several
underground Hamas Terror tunnels now
while wiping out Hamas remains Israel's
top priority the Israeli Defense Forces
claim that they're also ensuring safe
passage to Palestinians who are stuck in
the crossfire in Gaza Gaza City is now
been divided into two parts North and
South the IDF has opened a safe
humanitarian passage for gazin to move
towards the south from the north the IDF
claims that so far thousands of gazin
have moved towards the South using the
Salah alen road to Wadi Gaza now the IDF
also claims that so far 761 trucks
carrying humanitarian Aid have entered
the Gaza City with 3,000 plus tons of
food delivered bir
1,720 plus tons of medical equipment and
600 plus tons of equipment for temporary
shelters as well
1.5 1.15 plus million lers of water is
been delivered and more human
humanitarian initiatives are also being
planned now it's the 33rd day of this
conflict between Israel and Hamas the
IDF claims that they've reached the
center of Gaza City and have been
carrying out operations while also of
course uncovering some of the secret
tunnels that Hamas has managed to dig
all through this time ever since it's
been in par in Gaza since
2006 we have said very clearly that the
civilians in Gaza are not our enemy and
we wish them no harm and in order to
create a better chance for the survival
of civilians we have asked them to
evacuate from the northern part of Gaza
which is the main area of operations to
the South more than
800,000 gazan civilians have made the
right choice to evacuate from the north
to the South amidst these high-intensity
combat operations that are now ongoing
we are still encouraging Palestinian
civilians to evacuate from the north
because it is dangerous we made special
corridors and windows of the opportunity
for Palestinians to to move South from
combat areas to relative safety we stop
the fighting we don't engage with the
Enemy at that time under our initiative
and we make sure that there is a clear
and reachable Road and access to that
road for civilians to be able to move
towards the South