uh to say that to be prop Palestinian is
anti-Semitic is just a just a gross
misre
misrepresentation uh this is a narrative
that has been given to us by
imperialists by uh secular you know
Europeans like Theodore Herzel who truly
himself was an anti-semite uh who Allied
himself with anti-semites around the
world to create the state of Israel uh
and we refuse this we refuse this
completely uh as as Jewish people so um
it's it's a misrepresentation of course
there are anti-semitic people in the
world who are C who will capitalize on
any movement uh to to spew their hate
but this is not one of those moments
um this this in this moment it's it's
important that we clearly make the
distinction between Judaism and Zionism
because they are diametrically opposed
uh for me uh I feel that Judaism is uh
diametrically opposed to Zionism a
political ideology we as Jewish people
we have the obligation to resist
oppression uh all over the world I
believe that wherever we go in the world
is Our obligation to resist oppression
to resist colonization and to to speak
up about what's going on to the people
in Gaza and in the West Bank and
Palestine overall uh it's our duty to
speak up for these people who cannot
speak for themselves and uh to fight the
the very hateful and anti-semitic idea
that Zionism represents all Jews that
all Jews belong to Israel I feel that
this is a complete misrepresentation of
who we are our values and the lessons we
learned from our own suffering and from
the
Holocaust uh I have great grandparents
who perished in the Holocaust under
fascism under white supremacy they were
spit on they were put in gas Chambers
and today we are seeing the same thing
happening uh with the destruction of a
people and uh it's it's within every
fiber of my being that I feel I need to
be here and and speak out against this