at least six people were killed this
afternoon when an anoa school was hit at
the al- maazi refugee camp in the middle
area of the strip commissioner General
Philip larini said that this is
outrageous and it again shows the
flagrant disregard for lives of
civilians no place is safe in Gaza
anymore not even Ana facilities he
warned Ana said uh also said today that
water remains a key issue in Gaza as
people are will start uh dying if they
don't don't get water concerns over
dehydration and waterborne diseases are
high given the collapse of water and
sanitation services including today's
shutdown of gaza's last functioning
seawater desalination plant one
waterline was open today for 3 hours
only in the south of the Gaza Strip uh
feeding limited water to only half of
the population in conun that's about
100,000 people Ana says that 600,000
lers of fuel are needed in Gaza per day
to operate water and desalination plants
fuel Reserves at all hospitals across
Gaza are expected to last for an
additional 24 hours only the shutdown of
backup generators would place the lives
of thousands of patients at serious
risks the assistant Secretary General
for humanitarian Affairs Joyce masuya
briefed the members states on the
humanitarian situation in Gaza she said
that the situation can only be described
as an utter catastrophe at every every
hour passes she said the restoration of
essential supplies and services and the
need to get more humanitarian assistance
into Gaza becomes ever more critical she
said the UN will continue to engage with
the parties and states with influence to
identify urgent Solutions in terms of
getting humanitarian Aid into Gaza so we
can deliver these supplies to secure
also to secure humanitarian access
throughout their territory and to allow
United Nations and NGO Personnel in and
out of the Gaza Strip tell us have
already more than 300 tons of ready to
eat food either at the border on its way
to Rafa enough food to feed about a
quarter of a million people for about a
week more Food Supplies are arriving at
Alish airport in Northern Egypt uh
meanwhile the UN Refugee agency is
supporting the overall un efforts to
provide much needed support to Gaza
through the Egyptian red crescent unhcr
will be providing bottled water blankets
mattresses Jerry cans hygiene kits and
clothing
[Music]
items