and what are the freed hostages telling
us about their time in
captivity 78-year-old ruy Mund is one of
the first freed hostages to have spoken
out about her time in Gaza Mund says
that she was kept along with other
hostages in a suffocating room and she
slept on plastic chairs for almost 50
days listen
in then
fore fore
spee most of the hostages remain in
hospitals they are being given the help
that they need to cope with the trauma
not everyone has come to terms with
it she was walking with her eyes down
because she was in a tunnel she was not
used to the
daylight and during her captivity she
was disconnected at all from all the
outside world she was not aware to the
war she was not aware that her husband
was Ked killed she didn't know at all
what happened to her son Amos
Moshe While most of the hostages were
disconnected from the world some had
access to
radios this is 9-year-old Ohad M he was
kidnapped on the 7th of October young
Ohad had kept a diary journaling his
experience in captivity but he left it
behind fearing that the diary will
invite trouble father of 9-year-old
Irish Israeli Emily Han says that when
he was reunited with her he realized his
daughter was conditioned not to make any
noise even when talking to her father
Emily would whisper the family says he
literally had to put his air on her lips
because he couldn't hear
her there are also reports that one of
the hostages had actually managed to
escape he hid alone for days before
found him and brought him back to the
captors some hostages say they did not
have direct access to toilets they were
kept locked in a room and had to knock
on the door to get the attention of the
captors who would then let them use the
toilet and this waight sometimes lasted
hours reports in Israeli News Outlet har
harits saying that Hamas leader Yaya
Sinar met some of the hostages on the
8th of October the day after they were
kidnapped from Israel Sinar visited the
hostages along with her brother Muhammad
the Hamas leadership assured the
hostages that they would not be harmed
the hostages were also told that they
would be returned to Israel as part of
an exchange deal we are now available in
your country download the app now get
all the updates on the move