for
Al for
presid for
aleandra
get back pepper balls
fired and a lot of
muscle deployed against protesters at
Emory in
Atlanta it was an overwhelming amount of
force against a group of college
students two professors among those
arrested in large person seemingly
assaulting one of our students up the
administration blames trespassers for
the tents and the unrest these
individuals are not members of our
community they are activists attempting
to disrupt our University Emory does not
tolerate vandalism or other criminal
activity on campus us this movement is
mushrooming a brand new protest at
Princeton popular University for Gaza
we are making
history a protest encampment popped up
at
[Music]
UCLA after the violence and standoff
across town at USC that led to nearly
100 arrests this private university is
closed to the public and USC just
cancelled their commencement mainstage
event scheduled for May 10th which
usually draws 65,000 people we will not
stop we will not in Boston at
Northeastern University Police encircled
the protest then backed off
representative Alexandria Acasia Cortez
has called Columbia's decision to call
in the NYPD horrific on X Colombia
decided to hold its students accountable
to the laws of the school the nypd's
chief of Patrol replied maybe you should
walk around Colombia and NYU and listen
to their remarks of pure hatred fellow
representative ilhan Omar did visit
Columbia with her daughter who's been
arrested and suspended during these
protests which kickstarted this
movement talks with protesters continue
if they fail say Colombia administrators
they will have to consider options for
restoring Cal to
campus we love the students of Harvard
University we hear the student of
Harvard University we respect the
students of your University thank you
the students of Columbia University
where we hear you thank you thank you
thank
you we love you