I earlier spoke to retired Colonel David
B Des Roches who is a professor at the
near east south Asia Center for
strategic studies National Defense
University and this is what he had to
say well we don't know for sure but you
know it's a very very complex deal so
first off you have um the fact that
there needs to be a ceasefire a
ceasefire is always tenuous if there's
evidence for example that one milit one
is repositioning military assets or
threatening uh action against another
there might be some sort of preemptive
um attack which you know will be
portrayed by the other side as a
violation of ceasefire that's your first
problem your second problem is thatth
there might be some allegations that one
side or another is uh mishandling either
the hostages or the prisoners and that
they're not U you know that they're
basically hurting them in order to
increase the incen incentive to settle
that's the second problem the third
problem is part of this is the flow of
humanitarian Aid humanitarian Aid is
supposed to go into Gaza while there is
a ceasefire going on there's been issues
um uh one side said you know both sides
accuse each other of impeding uh the
flow of humanitarian Aid uh what we
heard is that cutter which has played a
very useful role here has actually put
diplomats on the ground to uh sort of
inspect and escort uh these Aid
shipments into Gaza to make sure that
they're actually
uh moving properly and to you know be
objective observers to see if somebody's
impeding it but any problem in any of
those could create an issue I think a
final issue would be um when we see the
hostages who have been returned when
they start talking to the media what
they say and uh that may inflame the
situation in a way that would make a
ceasefire to be untenable beyond that
weon is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the moon
oh