this McDonald's in Giza Egypt has seen
few customers in recent weeks when
Reuters visited in early November the
inside appeared empty that's because the
fast food restaurant has been hit by a
boycott over Israel's military offensive
in Gaza since the Hamas attack on
October 7th the campaign has targeted
Western brands in Arab countries over
perceptions about pro-israeli stances
and financial ties a sign in the window
saying the franchise operator and its
staff support Palestinians has done
little to change those
perceptions here's Ahmed aat who lives
in
Cairo it is fundamental for us as people
supporting our Palestinian Brothers to
at the very least stop buying the
products that help the Zionist entity
kill our Palestinian Brothers in Gaza
McDonald's has said it's dismayed by
disinformation about its position on the
conflict it's its Egyptian franchise has
pledged
$650,000 in Aid to Gaza an employee at
the corporate offices of McDonalds in
Egypt said sales at this franchise fell
by at least 70% in October and November
compared to the same months last year
Starbucks has also been targeted in the
boycott campaign despite the coffee
giant saying it's a non-political
organization an Egyptian supplier to
Starbucks and McDonald's says he's
noticed client demand has slowed down by
about
50% even smaller businesses are feeling
the pinch too kiosk owner Isam Abu
shalabi says customers are demanding
Egyptian soft drinks instead of products
from Israel or the
US I see it as very wrong he
says what does it mean to drink
something or not drink it shalabi says
if people really want to support
Palestinian
they should fight alongside
them but ham mmud with Egypt's boycott
divestment and sanctions movement says
the campaign lets people feel like
they're making an impact and hitting
companies where it hurts this Cairo
Supermarket says it's had an uptick in
sales because it replaced boycotted
products with local
ones in Jordan This grocery store has
signs warning customers if a product is
being
boycotted
this customer says that if a boycotted
item is picked up by mistake she would
return it
immediately still some remain skeptical
about the effectiveness of boycotts
takeup has also been uneven with no
Major Impact seen in some countries
including Saudi Arabia the United Arab
Emirates and
Tunisia