all right there's now another statement
that is coming from America This Is Us
clarifying on the Biden India link
bombshell remember that the president
had said of USA about uh the targeting
that is deliberately being done uh with
regard to how there are normalizing of
relationship whether it's India Saudi
Arabia Israel and now in the latest
Kirby has said and I quote him here
looking for a two-state solution with a
corridor John Kirby has Biden statement
was misunderstood it's Israel Saudi
Arabia normalization process that
basically triggered Hamas and because
that process was seen at the G20 which
was hosted in Delhi by India that was
the connect and that is the disruption
that clearly Hamas wanted in the Middle
[Music]
East thank you why did the president
believes that the recently announced
India middle east Europe economic
Corridor threed some players in the
Middle
East president has said last week twice
that this is an instinct that the IM
Corridor announced with the G20 Summit
may have precipitated Hamas terrorist
attack against Israel so my question is
I think he miss understood him what he
said was that he believed that the
normalization uh process and the
agreement that we were trying to reach
between Israel and Saudi Arabia for
normalization which we believe is an
important stepping stone to getting to a
two-state solution uh was what uh may
have motivated Hamas to to conduct those
attacks I think you misunderstood what
he actually
said all right so that's a big statement
that's coming remember there were
statements that had come in from USA
that it was the G20 Summit that that the
attempt was to Target it as well to
disrupt it but what USA is saying now
that it was basically about looking for
a two-state solution with Corridor and
about Saudi Arabia and Israel
normalizing those relationship that
clearly sum in the Middle East and that
now we know about H Hamas and Iran did
not want to
happen