Iran and Israel traded bobs at the
United Nations security council meeting
both blaming the other for escalation of
the war while Israel's un Envoy urged
the United Nations security Council to
impose all possible sanctions against
Iran following the attack against Israel
Iran's un Ambassador told the United
Nations emergency meeting that his
country was exercising its inherent
right to
self-defense I made it clear that Iran
and its Hedge monic Ambitions of global
domination Must Be Stopped before it
drives the world to a point of no return
to a regional war that can escalate to a
World War the Armed Forces of the
Islamic Republic of Iran carried out a
series of military strike on Israeli
military objectives with thousands of
missile and
drones Iran's operation was entirely in
the exercise of Iran's inherent right to
self-defense as outlined in article 51
of the charter of the United Nations and
recognized by international law Iran the
number one Global sponsor of Terror has
exposed its true face as the D dist
stabilizer of the region and the world
we call upon the security Council to
strongly denounce this unjustified
criminal and terrorist act taking
decisive and appropriate measure to
bring the perpetrators to Justice
swiftly and prevent the requirements of
the such horrible crime against the
Diplomatic premises of any member State
while the aah regime thinks they only
think that Israel is a frog in a boiling
water that we are becoming accustomed to
the threats on our survival and won't
won't notice until it's too late they
are wrong you are wrong the underscores
our dedication to De escalating tension
and avoiding the expansion of conflict
however if the US initiate military
operation against Iran its citizen or
its security and interest Iran will use
its inherent right to respond
proportionately I thank you for all the
latest news download the weon app And
subscribe to our YouTube channel