now it has been one month since the
deadly October 7 assault by Hamas on
Israeli territory turned into a
full-blown war and Israel's call to lay
Siege on Gaza found unwavering support
in Western allies led by us and the UK
but as the Relentless attack on the Gaza
Strip rages on the alarming death toll
of civilians the rampant destruction of
the region and the looming clouds of war
crimes committed by Israeli forces have
raised a lot of questions for its allies
now weeks after offering un conditional
support to Israel's military action US
President Joe Biden said that progress
has been made on the prospect of a
humanitarian PA in
Gaza Mr President any progress under the
humanitarian pause
[Music]
yes the development comes on the heels
of Israel's prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu refusing to agree to seize
fire in Gaza and as a dire humanitarian
crisis unfolds in the water own
region
for weeks after offering unconditional
support to Israel's military action US
President Joe Biden said the progress
has been made on the prospect of a
humanitarian cuse in Gaza and the
development comes on the heels of
Israel's primee minister Benjamin nanyu
refusing to agree to seize fire as a
dire humanitarian crisis unfolds in the
war tone region and as world leaders
scramble to find a diplomatic solution
to the volatile situation in Gaza
citizens in Western Nations have taken
to the streets pressuring their leaders
to call for an immediate
ceasefire thousands have gathered in
London and outside the White House in
Washington
DC
thousands have gathered in London and
all outside the White House in
Washington DC to demand accountability
for a genocide like situation in
Gaza
[Music]