do stay on with us as as of now Israel
is also requesting help from other
nations but they also continue with
their counter offensive the update that
we now have is and look at some of the
visuals that we're putting out as well
the Israeli war planes are now in fact
bombing the shik Z neighborhood and this
impact is north of Gaza as we've been
pointing out this conflict only is
increasing The Invasion started by Hamas
the retaliation by Israel still
continues so continues to be with usam
help us understand the key areas that
are being targeted by the Israeli forces
as of now so that's right so uh the
Israeli forces are working on the
coordinates the coordinates the the
launch pads uh of Hamas militant groups
uh hisbah militant groups in Gaza Strip
uh in some of the areas of the other
side of of Lebanon so those areas are
being zeroed down the bombings are are
done on those areas now you just
mentioned that how shik Al Street has
been targeted by Israeli Air Force now
like this there are many places in Gaza
Strip where bombing have been taking
place since last uh uh last 24 hours
excessive bombings bombings never before
ever maybe in last 10 years to 15 years
the kind of bombings Israel is executing
on Gaza STP look you know the messaging
from the global Community the messaging
from the G7 commun leaders the the kind
of statements that are coming all have
all outstanding solidarity with Israel
even the G7 countries all of them all of
them have have clearly said that Israel
reserves the right to respond so whether
it's Rishi sunak in UK or whether it's
uh it's it's American President Biden
you know all have taken this position
now so the International Community has
come in solidarity with Israel and and
you know the global Community is blaming
pal Palestine and Hamas for fresh
escalation because and and look at and
the way this escalation has happened the
the way Hamas terrorists are are
butchering killing people on the streets
you know making naked women do parading
naked women that is never that can never
be a work of a professional Army so this
is a reason that you know the sympathies
are with Israel the global Community has
has come together to to to Rally behind
Israel so the so Israel has has has got
upper hand as far as this particular
conflict is concerned in terms of
perspective