five captive women arrived at wson
Medical
Center you are finally home in a safe
place our main mission at wson is to
provide the best medical and mental and
Professional Care to give you a safe and
protected space together with your
families the rores are treated by the
best volon medical teams at this moment
and are examined and receive a medical
and mental envelope after being placed
in a special complex prepared specially
for them and their
families an hour ago a total of eight
released hostages arrived here at the
Schneider's Children Medical Center we'
have all anxiously awaited their return
and are elited to see
the day that they have come home to us
the Ministry of Health preparations for
the hostages return began at the start
of the war and included building the
medical and mental health environment
that the released hostages would require
upon the return home a total of six
Israeli hospitals took part in this
Mission and were prepared ahead of time
to receive and treat the released
hostages as part of the meticulous
planning the patients arrived and were
admitted to the hospital discreetly
where they were reunited with their
families and began to undergo a medical
evaluation process conducted with the
utmost sensitivity and dedication by the
hospital
staff about half an hour
ago I was thrilled to be the one to
receive four children three mothers and
a grandmother
to the best and most Caring Hands here
at Schneider Children's Medical Center
of
Israel their physical condition is good
and they're currently undergoing medical
and emotional assessment by the medical
and psychological team here at
schneiders we designated a special area
that is very
private and there is also a team from
our neighbor Alon hospital that is
assisting Us in taking care of the
women we kindly request that all of us
and especially you respect their
privacy