let's talk now about news we're getting
on one specific hostage case this
afternoon this is a 10mon old Israeli
baby now Hamas is claiming this
afternoon that that baby alongside their
brother and mother were killed in an
Israeli bombardment we of course can't
confirm that at this stage but what can
you tell us from from Jerusalem right
now well Hamas put out a statement a
short while ago claiming that the bibus
family of this consists of uh that
10-month-old uh baby boy kir his
four-year-old brother Ariel and his
mother Shira uh that the three of them
had been killed in what Hamas called uh
one of the Zionist bombing uh campaigns
now uh the IDF the Israeli Army says it
is uh looking at those claims uh it saw
the notice uh you know it had been the
presumption until this notice came out
that the bibus family was alive the
Israeli Army itself the Arabic uh uh
spokesman for the Army put out a
statement just a couple days ago saying
uh the bebus family we believe they're
being held by another terror group in
Kan yunes which is the southern city uh
another Hamas stronghold uh so until now
it was believed that they uh were alive
uh now the background is that this
family has become really the poster
family for the pain and the grief and
the anxiety over uh the hostages uh
remember Hamas filmed this mother uh
with a terrified look on her face
grabbing her two kids uh both of them
little redheads uh and terrified and
being dragged off into uh a vehicle so
this and and I can tell you this
specific for example there are uh
solidarity rallies where you know orange
balloons are are LED off into the sky uh
you know which are a symbol for this
family because now after five rounds of
hostages coming out they are still not
they have not been on those lists uh and
we do not believe they're on the list
tonight so uh you know the IDF is
looking into these claims uh and
everyone is certainly praying that they
are not true