the release has taken place I understand
that they were received at the border by
senior Israeli commanders and they are
being taken to a military base in the
center of Israel where they'll be
reunited with uh family members there so
just to repeat Judith and Natalie run
and American Nationals a mother and
daughter who had been taken hostage uh
from a k kibuts Nal o which is very very
close to the gazen Border uh they were
taken on Saturday almost exactly two
weeks ago now when Hamas broke through
the gazen Border fence and went on a
rampage around the Border towns Villages
and kutum uh inside Israel this has
happened this breakthrough because of
mediation primarily conducted by the
qataris who have a direct link to Hamas
uh but also with a lot of American help
as well now I think it's could mean one
of two things things um it could be that
Hamas are in the mood uh for some sort
of um wider release of hostages
particularly women children and the
elderly if the negotiations continue and
continue successfully uh but some others
will look at it uh and say that this
could also be a cynical move by Hamas in
order to delay this imminent ground
invasion that we believe is going to
happen uh because of course the Israelis
it is their top priority to get back
what is now at least 2011 people still
being held hostage in Gaza and a ground
Invasion would complicate that I mean
the the safest way of getting them back
would be through negotiations and
release but it might be that ultimately
they do need military force to do so um
but in a fortnight of what has been uh
almost
wall toall a grim sad and desperate news
this is finally something hopeful