the court notes that South Africa issued
public statements in various
multilateral and bilateral settings in
which it expressed its view that in
light of the nature scope and extent of
Israel's military operations in Gaza
Israel's actions amounted to violations
of its obligations under the genocide
convention for instance at the resumed
10th emergency special session of the
United Nations General Assembly on 12
December 2023 at which Israel was
represented the South African
representative to the United Nations
stated that I quote the events of the
past 6 weeks in Gaza have Illustrated
that Israel is acting contrary to its
obligations in terms of the genocide
convention end of quote South Africa
recalled this statement in its note
Graal of 21 December 2023 to the Embassy
of Israel in ptor Israel's commitment to
international law is
unwavering equally unwavering is our
sacred commitment to continue to defend
our country and defend our people like
every country Israel has an inherent
right to defend itself the vile attempt
to deny Israel this fundamental right is
blatant discrimination against the
Jewish State and it was justly rejected
the charge of genocide leveled against
Israel is not only false it's outrageous
and decent people everywhere should
reject it on the eve of the
international Holocaust Remembrance Day
I again pledge as Israel's prime
minister never again Israel will
continue to defend itself against Hamas
a genocidal Terror organization on
October 7th Hamas perpetrated the most
horrific atrocities against the Jewish
people since the Holocaust and it vows
to repeat these atrocities again and
again and again our war is against Hamas
terrorists not against Palestinian
civilians we will continue to facilitate
humanitarian in assistance and to do our
utmost to keep civilians out of Harm's
Way even as Hamas uses civilians as
human Shields we will continue to do
what is necessary to defend our country
and defend our people stay with the
times of India for news breaks analysis
interviews and events we bring you
stories from your neighborhood and from
across the globe as well subscribe to
our YouTube channel hit the like button
and press the Bell icon so you don't
miss any of our videos