[Music]
the Palestinian village of Corvettes
sucia is under threat Israeli officials
want to demolish it saying it's an
illegal encampment residents and rights
groups say Israel is simply trying to
make way for more settlements the
village has become a flashpoint in the
debate over new settlements in the
occupied West Bank which are considered
illegal under international law Muhammad
lives in kibbutz sucia and says he won't
leave despite the government issuing a
demolition order late last year
we are going to stay on our land even if
they demolish we will stay we will both
we will stay here we will die here not
in Lebanon not in Syria another resident
says the Israelis have been wanting to
demolish the village since 1986 to
expand a nearby settlement
there is a decision from an Israeli High
Court to demolish seven structures in
the village and we are expecting the
Israeli bulldozers to come at any
minutes
that settlement is easily seen from
kibbutz sucia its construction began in
1983 and today it's connected to the
Israeli power grid and protected by the
military while this village relies on a
few solar panels and well water a Human
Rights Watch report released this year
shows in 2017 the Israeli government
demolished 381 Palestinian homes it
deemed were built illegally nearly 600
Palestinians were left homeless Human
Rights Watch also found that Israel
built 2,000 new settlement homes in 2017
and 86 percent increase on the year
before
during a recent visit to the village
Israeli Parliament member dog Kenan of
the Arab joint list party says he
believes Israelis want to annex the
villages land they are fighting against
a political move by Israeli government
that is part of a big plan to actually
annex
part big parts of the West Bank of the
occupied West Bank
but sympathy does not stop demolition
the villagers lawyers say 20 more
buildings are set to be raised sarah
Balter trt world
[Music]
you