frontal attack from two sides one on
Israel Gaza border and the second along
the Lebanon border this as crossborder
fire even erupted between Israel and
Lebanon early on Sunday killing at least
one person on the Israeli side of the
Border in fact report suggest a top his
bull Commander was also eliminated in
this air strike here's a report on all
that's happening on Israel Lebanon
border as the Israel Hamas continues to
rage
on the situation remains tense at Israel
Lebanon
[Music]
border IDF launched a massive
Counterattack last evening following
provocations by hisbah and targeted its
key military base in
[Music]
Lebanon this is in retaliation to the
Hamas attack a terrorist where where
more than
1,400 uh people Israeli people have been
killed but now it's an Israeli forces
who have been moving towards the Gaza
City now we know that the already there
were ultimatum that was given to the
people clearly asking that the people
should move from the northern to the
southern side because it's Israel who's
going to retaliate and now there are
more than uh 2,000 people in uh Gaza who
has already been
killed
this after hisbah terrorist fired
anti-tank missile towards an Israeli
military post and launched nine Rockets
towards
[Music]
Israel striking right back Israel
launched strikes at hisbah military
infrastructure
for the last three days an intense
exchange of fire continues between the
Israeli Defense Forces and hisbah
terrorists
while six suffered injuries a journalist
lost his
life triggering protests in downtown
[Music]
beat
but Israel is on the
Forefront there are more Israeli forces
who have been moving forward the road
has been completely blocked for the
forces for a for a green Corridor so
that they can lead to the northern side
as we know there are reports that has
been coming in where the attack that has
completely been made by the Israel but
yes this is in retaliation to the attack
that started by the Hamas terrorist as
we know uh that uh there are air strike
that has been killed and the main target
of the Israel is completely on the Air
Force even as the situation at Israel
Lebanon border remains
[Music]
tense
Israel has set the record straight those
challenging the security interests will
be given a befitting
reply agency report Republic
TV