jewelry from Gaza leather from Hebron
and other traditional handicrafts from
across the region
Palestinian vendors have come here to
sell their goods at an al-hadra Market
in Ramallah
Noha musla runs an art gallery and says
one of the biggest hurdles is
transporting her Goods across the
occupied territories this was made in
Gaza and to reach the West Bank you
actually have to rely on people bringing
it or the postal service that's always
impeded by Rockets or impeded by
incursions into Gaza so there's always
that if if it ever reaches here a lot of
the stuff from the West Bank is super
it's extremely hard to send it to Gaza
sellers say they face many restrictions
because of the Israeli occupation and
that includes High export costs and
permits which are difficult to obtain
this vibrant and busy Market
self-taste embroidery and other items
that represent Palestinian history and
culture the people here tell me is also
giving opportunities for vendors to have
a job and make money amid a slumping
economy
in a nearby Marketplace it's watermelon
season but growing and selling food here
can also be costly
the World Bank says Israeli restriction
on trade movement and access is
stagnating the Region's economy
where agriculture was once a pillar of
Palestinian Society Farmers here are
losing their land and livelihood to
Illegal settlement expansion in much of
the occupied West Bank the only way is
to get out from the Israeli restrictions
such as access to land and are you see
the Israeli restrictions on the entry of
products which are important for the
Palestinian industrial sector and on
exportation of the of Palestinian
products to to to the world
and the Palestinian
s person tells us many Palestinian
Merchants have no choice but to sell
their goods through Israeli vendors who
have easier access to sell them on the
international market
in alhajra Market the stores may be
packed and the items maybe selling fast
but for many Palestinian vendors the
future is less certain
in the occupied West Bank