now Katherine you uh shot that report
with your colleagues clearly tensions
rising in the West Bank not only due to
Israeli Army raids but also increasing
vigilante attacks by Israeli Jewish
settlers uh tell us more about filming
that report
Katherine well it's something that we've
been hearing increasingly about as we
said in the report this is a phenomenon
that has existed for some time but today
in the occupied West Bank you've got
Palestinians who are increasing scared
because you've got settler groups who
have become more active they've
increased their attacks on Palestinian
civilians so've been coming down onto
the Farms as we saw in the report or at
other times uh damaging infrastructure
such as buildings houses business things
setting fire to them so a lot of people
there are living in fear and some are
packing up their belongings even and
relocating so in de facto being pushed
off their land there and um this is
something which is causing lives to be
lost there aren't exact figures for the
whole of the West Bank in the village
where we filmed in KRA six people so far
have been killed according to local
authorities but across the West Bank
that the figures are higher we we know
that more than 160 Palestinians have
been killed in the West Bank um since
the 7th of October but that figure is a
mixture of these settler attacks uh and
also Israeli Army raids and clashes
between armed pal inian groups and the
Israeli Army so it's a complicated
picture but it's one which is concerning
a lot of people there A lot of people in
the region as well and there's a real
sense today that the West Bank is a
Tinder Box that it's starting to
reignite when you ask people there do
they think this is perhaps a start of a
a third in all of the Palestinians I've
asked that question to you say the in
father is already taking place so
perhaps there's a sense that this is
reaching a new level of tension there in
the West Bank and it's a situation which
could get dra dramatically worse cathine
noris Trent reporting live there from
Tel Aviv thank you