now while the hostage situation sees its
first step to resolution the ground
realities in Gaza remain Grim Israeli
forces have arrested alifa Hospital's
director and other medical personnel
gaza's Health Minister has denounced the
move saying it adds to a series of
attacks on Healthcare System in Gaza and
Israel's ground incursion in Gaza has
been centered around alifa which is the
largest medical facility in the bed
strip now those arrested include a
doctor and two nurses along with the
director Israel says that the director
has been held up for questioning and as
there was an extensive Hamas activity at
the site when the hospital was under his
control the war struck country has the
hospital sit at to of Hamas command and
control center now this after Israel
army released a video showing a tunnel
beneath the hospital the tunnel shaft
some 2 m High could be accessed through
an outdoor shaft in the hospital complex
grounds and this is according to Israeli
forces the site once had thousands of
Palestinian civilians which the ID of
claims served as human
Shields outside the hospital complex the
Army showed rows of army rows of arms
guns grenades and explosives that had
been recovered from inside the
hospital now we are in the tunnel H just
below the karic building that you saw
outside uh there is a rooms uh that uh
that helps the Hamas to stay here and
they uses the hospital as a human shield
because they understood that we will not
attack them we assume that there is
another way out that they prepared it's
not open
yet the site has become a center of war
crimes Israel says Hamas is using
patients as human Shields while
Palestinians accuse Israel of targeting
medical facilities in Gaza Hamas and
hospital staff have denied the
allegations that hospitals are being
used by armed Fighters now gaza's Health
Ministry has also refused to coordinate
with the World Health Organization until
all detainees are
released
[Music]