in rala a shake up at the Palestinian
Authority as prime minister Muhammad
Shaya announced his and his cabinet's
resignation Monday Shaya saying that new
political measures are needed after
nearly 5 months of a devastating Israeli
Siege on
Gaza this decision is based on the
genocide forc displacement starvation of
people in Gaza and the intensification
of settlements settler terrorism and
ongoing incursions and reoccupation of
refugee camps Villages and cities in
Jerusalem and the West
Bank his resignation comes amid mounting
pressure from the US and other Western
countries for reforms at the Palestinian
Authority amid hopes that it could
assume governance over Gaza when the war
ends that will be easier said than done
Decades of Israeli coercion have turned
the PA into what many Palestinians call
a subcontractor of the occupation
administering shrinking territories in
in the West Bank as illegal Israeli
settlements multiply with Israel
controlling tax revenues and imposing
increasingly oppressive restrictions on
Palestinian life 88-year-old PA
president Mahmud abas is increasingly
unpopular and ineffective amid
widespread perceptions of corruption
Palestinians are angry that he hasn't
taken a harder line against Israel's
invasion of Gaza and Rising violence in
the West Bank despite its designation as
a terror group by the US and Europe
Hamas whose October 7th attack on Israel
killed nearly 12200 people has gained in
popularity since the start of the war
the p and Hamas have been negotiating
the possibility of a Unity government
with Representatives set to meet in
Moscow this week that outcome would
almost certainly be rejected by the
Israeli
government