we do know that it was tanks troops
bulldozers firing at a number of what
the Army says are Hamas positions Hamas
infrastructure and Hamas militants in
the northern part of the strip as you
mentioned these troops now have
retreated and are back on the Israeli
side of the Gaza border ahead of what
the Prime Minister says coming out last
night to speak to the country is a
ground incursion that will happen it
won't happen now but he has leveled a
very strong warning at Hamas militants
calling them dead men walking now there
were reports coming out overnight we do
understand that the US uh and Israel had
potentially come to an agreement for
Israel to hold off on this widely
anticipated ground incursion to give the
United States more time to get air
defense systems to The Wider middle east
region to protect its assets its
Personnel uh in the greater Middle East
after a number of attacks from uh what
it says are Iranian based proxies uh
we're talking here places like Iraq and
uh places like Yemen so look it
certainly does seem as though the IDF is
moving ahead with these plans for a
ground incursion it did say that this
are what it's calling relatively large
incursion the biggest so far that's been
seen was in a bid to prep the ground and
gather intelligence we do need to
remember that there's so much pressure
on the Israeli government right now
given that there are 220 at least 220
hostages still being held in the Gaza
Strip by Hamas and let me tell you the
amount of pressure from the public here
on the ground is intense uh there are
some families sitting outside the IDF
headquarters here in Tel Aviv demanding
that Israel do more to release these
people now also just briefly in the
north uh the tension up in the north
continues the IDF says that the uh it
intercepted this morning a ground to air
missile fired from Lebanon uh with the
home front command also coming out to
say just a short while ago that these
evacuation orders for residents in
southern communities and also in the
north we know there are around 200,000
people who've been evacuated they will
remain in place now until the 31st of
December