now onto the Israel and Hamas conflict
as the hostage crisis continues and
Israel steps up its offensive against
Hamas militants in Gaza angry protesters
in Tel Aviv were seen holding plard
shouting slogans calling for release of
the hostages held by Hamas militants in
the Gaza Strip while Israel's Army has
confirmed 224 hostages are still being
held captive ever since October 7th
attack on Israel on ground residents of
the Israeli kibuts of kafar AA protested
outside the ministry of Defense in t
Aviv calling for the release of the
hostages held in the Gaza
[Music]
Strip
for
CH now press conference for families of
people believed to have been taken
hostage by Palestinian militants was
interrupted by Air Raid Sirens crowds
who had gathered to hear from relatives
of some of the hostages had to evacuate
as Sirens sounded and explosions were
seen overhead in Tel
Aviv according to the alasam brigades
hamas's armed Wing set that the
estimated number of Hamas held captives
killed in G AA due to Israeli strikes is
around 50 and this comes after Israeli
Ground Forces carried out a relatively
large incursion into the Gaza Strip
overnight to attack Hamas positions
meanwhile a katari negotiator said that
the civilians being held hostages by
Hamas and Gaza could be released within
days he cautioned however that any
escalation in the conflict could
jeopardize those
efforts it's a very very difficult
negotiation that we've been dealing with
um um I always say that one of the most
difficult mediation is a difficult
between two parties that have zero
confidence in each other and uh uh uh to
have some sort of an indirect talks
between the two sides is extremely
difficult you could imagine so uh and
with this violence increases every day
with the uh bombing continuous every day
our task has become even more difficult
but despite that we we remain hopeful we
remain committed to our role of reaching
out to the parties and uh uh with the
aim of reaching a positive
[Music]
result