while Network 18 palky Sharma is on
ground in Israel she speaks to a family
of a missing girl who went to see the
music festival in Israel let's take a
look at this
report you want to tell me about your
sister when you yes my sister my baby
sister
I she's such a great person very
peaceful person a person who likes to
help others H likes to animals she was
working in the animal rescue she has a
volunteer she has lots of friends who
loves her lots of family who loves her
she's a very loved person and a great
person
indeed H she had the she's a young jeury
designer she had the Stander in the
music festival in the peaceful music
festival
near where she was setting a jewelry
then on Saturday morning the attack
started and my parents managed to call
her and uh talked to her she told him
that she is being shot at it and uh she
and her friends are running
away last time we heard from her was
about half 8 she C halfast 8 on Saturday
yeah my mother called her she told her
that they are still on the Run they're
still being shouldered and that she has
no battery anymore that's the last time
we heard from her later on me friends
and family were looking for more clues
we found more people that were there
with her and they came back home and
they told us what happened there there
there were like a group of people
running away all the time being shot at
it and being ambushed by attackers H
they had to speit up and uh that's the
last thing we know about it from the
last speed that they spit from Moran and
they don't know what happened from there
so that's the last fact that we know
about where she
was uh later on we search the web all
kind of uh networks and uh and social NW
NS and we found out a movie which shows
moan with
kidnappers they were like a Founder in
the field she's like a asking for help
in the in this movie and that's the last
fact that we know about her when was the
last time you spoke to
her uh I guess in the last family event
we had um we're very close
families and Moran is
um
always one of the most um talkative
beloved