the Biden Administration has approved
plans to retaliate against multiple
targets including Iranian personnel and
facilities in Iraq and Syria after three
US service members were killed last
weekend by a drone strike in Jordan
that's according to a CBS news report on
Thursday which cited American officials
who said the United States will conduct
the strikes over a number of days this
is a dangerous moment in the Middle East
defense secretary Lloyd Austin addressed
the plan in general terms at a Thursday
briefing we will continue to work to
avoid a wider conflict in a region but
we will take all necessary actions to
defend the United States our interest
and our
people and we will
respond when we
choose where we choose and how we choose
the American soldiers killed in Jordan
represent the first US deaths in an
escalation of violence across Middle
East flash points since Israel's war in
Gaza began in October President Joe
Biden Under Pressure to take firm action
without igniting a wider war with Iran
said on Tuesday outside the White House
that he had decided how to respond
without giving details Tran has said it
will respond to attacks on its territory
or its citizens and interests abroad the
CBS report quoted us officials as saying
weather would be a factor in the timing
of the strikes as Washington preferred
good visibility to guard against the
risk of hitting civilians Washington has
said the recent attack on its troops in
Jordan near the Syrian border bore the
footprints of katab Hezbollah a
pro-iranian militia based in neighboring
Iraq that group said on Wednesday it was
suspending military action against US
forces to avoid embarrassing
Baghdad