in fact the world leaders are now
standing in solidarity with Israel after
the Hamas attack the unprecedented
rocket assaults on Israel by Palestinian
military group Hamas has been denounced
by word leaders prime minister Narendra
Modi has expressed concern and stated
that India supports Israel in this
extremely difficult hour in response to
the development the United States has
also denounced the heus attacks which
have been carried out by Hamas terrorist
against Israeli residents packing
Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu British
prime minister Rishi sunak also has
expressed horror over the attack and
added that Israel has an absolute right
to defend itself president emmanu bakun
in fact has also expressed his
solidarity and said that he and his
country are extremely are standing with
isra and also expressed his sorrow for
all the lives that have been lost in
fact Turkish president has also urged
Israelis and Palestinians to exercise
moderation and to avoid
aggression
in this moment of tragedy I want to say
to them and to the world and to
terrorists everywhere that the United
States stands with Israel we will not
ever fail to have their back we'll make
sure that they have the help their
Citizens need and they can continue to
defend themselves you know when I spoke
with prime minister nety this morning I
told him the United States stands with
the people of Israel in the face of
these terrorist assaults Israel has the
right to defend itself and its people
full
stop there's never justification for
terrorist attacks and my
administration's support for Israel's
security is Rock Solid and unwavering we
completely condemn the UK completely
condemns these terrorist acts against uh
Israel and we support Israel's right to
self-defense and of course we will be
working closely with the Israeli
government we're already contact with
them and we'll continue to do so both to
protect British Nationals in Israel and
to try and bring uh peace as quickly as
[Music]
possible
for