after Canada Sweden has now announced
that it will resume funding to unra the
development comes weeks after 16
countries including the US paused funds
to the United Nations agency after
Israel Accused at least 12 of its
staffers of being involved in the
October 7th Hamas attack Sweden will
give unra half of the $38 million
funding it promised for this year with
more to come and in return has called
for more checks on spending of funds as
well as its staffers the country's veral
came as a ship bearing tons of
humanitarian Aid Was preparing to leave
Cyprus for Gaza International donors
have launched a sea Corridor to supply
Aid to besieged Gaza Sweden's funding
decision followed similar ones by the
European Union and Canada as unra warned
that if it is left without funding it
will leave Gaza with even less medical
and other assistance on the eve of
Ramadan Hungary gazan residents
scrumbled for packages of Food Supplies
dropped by the US and Jordanian military
planes humanitarian groups called their
delivery deeply inadequate compared to
ground deliveries but the daily number
of a trucks entering into Gaza since the
war has been far below the 500 that
entered before October 7th because of
Israeli restrictions and security issues
the United Nations has launched
investigations and unra has been
agreeing to outside audits to win back
DNA support on the other hand the
Israeli foreign Ministry made in a
statement that the return to funding
unra will not change the fact that the
organization is part of the problem and
will not be part of the solution in the
gazen
strip for all the latest news download
the we on Up And subscribe to our
YouTube channel