all right so let's start with the big
story that we tracking and vion at this
hour Israel has launched yet another
deadly attack and this time around the
target isn't Gaza but in the neighboring
nation of
Syria according to reports that of
common at least about 40 people have
been killed in this air bombing that
Israel has carried out and this includes
civilians Syrian soldiers and also
reportedly his bua
Fighters now these images have been
released by these Israeli military which
claims to be showing an air strike on
what Israel claims the deputy commander
of hezbollah's rocket and missiles
unit now this is the deadliest strike
that has been carried out by the Israeli
Air Force inside the territory of Syria
by violating its
sovereignty the Israeli war planes
targeted Atria which is in the southeast
of aleo both Syria and Israel consider
each other to be enemies and do not
share diplomatic relations
and Syria's defense Ministry has said
that the Israeli air bombings have
coincided with drone attacks that were
carried out from idlib and Western Rural
Aleppo n Syria said that these attacks
were conducted by Terror
organizations Israel has launched
hundreds of air strikes on targets
inside the Syrian Sovereign territory
ever since the Civil War began there
back in 2011 as it is seeking to cut off
the hisbah supply routs to Lebanon
now hisbah began launching Rockets
towards Israel a day after the 7th of
October attack there has been near daily
violence mostly confined to the area
along the Israel Lebanon border the
fighting is killed at least about nine
civilians and 11 soldiers in Israel were
nearly about 240 hisbah Fighters and
over 40 Lebanese civilians have also
been killed in this campaign of bombing
by the state of
Israel
for all the latest news download the Von
app And subscribe to our YouTube channel