it's their highest number of casualties
on the battlefield in over a month the
Israeli military says its forces had
been trying to rescue another group of
soldiers when they were ambushed by
Hamas militants in the shua District of
Northern Gaza with nine dead an
additional Soldier was killed in
separate clashes on the same day two
senior commanders and several officers
were among the dead Hamas says this
should be a lesson to
Israel the longer you stay there the
greater the bill of your deaths and
losses will be and you will emerge from
its carrying the tale of disappointment
and loss God willing heavy fighting in
Shu J continues despite its losses
Israel says it is winning in the
north this war is going to be tough but
I recognize surely you also see this in
your material the start of Hamas
breaking I see there is the start of an
understanding that we are determined to
continue until the end and to destroy
this entity there was also intense
combat in the South overhead war planes
bombed the length of the Strip This was
the aftermath of an Israeli air strike
on a residential building in KH yunas
several were killed and dozens injured
people here say they don't know where
else to go we thought it was safe but
look they struck here two days ago they
struck there many were killed God helped
the people no place in hanun or the Gaza
STP is safe
International agencies say The Limited
Aid reaching Gaza is only being
distributed in parts of Rafa near the
Egyptian border gazin are not only
grappling with Israeli bombardment but
also with heavy wind and rain on
Wednesday Aid officials said the
conditions are compounding the misery of
hundreds of thousands of displaced
families sleeping rough in makeshift
tents