I've come again here today to advance a
number of goals our media
focus is working with our partners to
extend the P so that we can continue to
get more hostages out of Gaza and more
assistance
in we share the
Elation the relief of the families from
more than a dozen countries including
the United States who've been reunited
with their loved
ones and yet there are scores of family
here in Israel the United States and
around the world whose loved ones
continue to be held captive and who are
desperate to get them home
safely we will not stop working until we
get every hostage back home with their
families and loved ones the government
of Israel agrees with the imperative of
humanitarian assistance and the need to
sustain prime minister nety also made
clear that Israel intends to resume its
military operations against Hamas when
Hamas stops releasing
hostages as we've said from the
outset Israel has the right to do
everything it can to ensure that the
slaughter Hamas carried out on October
7th can never be repeated Hamas cannot
remain in control of Gaza it cannot
retain the capacity to repeat that
Carnage in my meetings today with the
Prime Minister and Senior Israeli
officials I made clear that before
Israel resumes major military operations
it must put in place humanitarian
civilian protection plans that minimize
further casualties of innocent
Palestinians that means taking more
effective steps to protect the lives of
civilities including by clearly and
precisely designating areas and places
in Southern and Central Gaza where they
can be safe and out of the line of fire
thanks for watching stay updated about
breaking news and top stories on the NBC
news app or follow us on social media