over in Gaza now the Israeli military is
reply preparing to transition into a low
intensity long-term strategy the change
of action comes as the Israeli defense
Chief says the Gaza war will last many
more months e
reports the Israeli military says it's
now preparing to shift its War
operations from high-intensity fighting
in Gaza to a low intensity long-term
military action the move comes as
Washington has been calling on Israel to
ease up on its heavy bombardment of Gaza
and focus its attacks on Hamas
infrastructure to limit civilian
casualties Israel Defense Forces Chief
hery halazzi said Tuesday that his
military is expanding its fighting in
Southern and Central Gaza adding that it
is close to dismantling all Hamas
battalions in Northern regions he said
many Hamas soldiers and commanders have
surrendered with hundreds being held
prisoner however he warned that the
fight would last for many more months
saying there can be no shortcuts taken
when dismantling an entire organization
while the armed conflict in Gaza nears
the 3-month mark the world food program
warns that as the humanitarian crisis in
the Gaza Strip is worsening the region
has now entered the so-called food
crisis stage the wfp announced on
Tuesday that all 2.2 million residents
of Gaza are in a state of acute food
insecurity the UN agency regularly
evaluates and predicts food situation in
Gaza with the recent assessment
forecasting the situation from December
to February of next year meanwhile the
UN named an outgoing Dutch Minister as
its humanitarian coordinator for Gaza on
Tuesday sigret kog who have been the
Netherlands as Deputy Prime Minister and
Finance Minister since January 2022 will
oversee the humanitarian situation in
the region the appointment comes as the
UN Security Council last week called for
the safe and unhindered delivery of
humanitarian assistance at scale but did
not call for an immediate halt to
fighting news