meanwhile the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange
has head back at the researchers who
claimed there was a lot of insider
trading that took place just before the
7th of October attack by Hamas the stock
exchange is called the research is
simply inaccurate and its publication as
irresponsible which had exposed what was
described as a lot of insider trading
which hinted that there were people
within Israel who knew about the 7th of
October attack bamas the Tel Aviv Stock
Exchange said that the researchers had
miscalculated the trades as share prices
are listed in agaro which are similar to
cents and pens rather than
shekels this the B argued had put the
potential short sale profit at just 32
million shekels or about $8.5
million yanov pagot the head of trading
at the exchange said that he did not see
in the data
something even close to what had been
written in the research paper alleging
insid trading he said and I quote him
here there was nothing nothing unusual
in the short positions in the stock
exchange in the two months before the
attack the law professors from
prestigious us universities claimed that
there was a surge in Short Selling just
days before the assault the research had
further revealed that Traders had showed
significant short interest in the msci
Israel exchange traded fund with a
sudden Spike on the 2nd of October
that's just 5 days before the attack
this pattern had extended to the Tel
Aviv Stock Exchange where Short Selling
of Israeli Securities had surged just
before the assault however pagot said
that the researchers did not speak to
the stock exchange on this
matter Von is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the move