criticizing Israel for violating the
human rights of Palestinians is not
anti-semitic and I believe that's
exactly what representative Johanna Omar
was doing
[Music]
we feel as Jews that we have to clear
her name and to come up and show our
support and sympathy for you a lot of us
in the Jewish community we understand
that fighting anti-semitism can't happen
in a vacuum or an asylum anti-semitism
must be fought alongside Islamophobia
alongside anti black racism alongside
xenophobia
[Music]
[Music]
talk about influence in this country
that says it is okay for people to push
for allegiance to a foreign country
[Music]
she's received such tremendous backlash
from the Democratic Party because well
first of all because of Islamophobia and
anti black racism right but that
obviously plays into it right that her
words are willfully misread or
misunderstood or seen in bad faith right
whereas a you know a lot of white
politicians who are saying things worse
are not facing censure or rebuke in the
same way
[Music]
[Music]
I'm gonna find I know what my mission is
I know what my purpose is I know that as
long as I leave
[Music]
so Jews aren't safe unless our Muslim
sisters are safe
black people are safe immigrants LGBTQI
people right this fight is a fight that
we fight together because while these
false accusations are being lobbying
against representative Omar white
supremacists are getting a pass it's
also disturbing that Islamophobia and
white supremacism remain
[Music]
there is a generational shift happening
and we're watching any real time with
this debate on representative Ilhan
online that a younger generation and a
new generation is refusing to accept the
status quo on we must be in lockstep
with Israeli policy and Democratic
leadership was afraid because they know
that this is the future