in gaza's Rafal Palestinian officials
are claiming that Israeli strikes have
killed around 100 people and injured
hundreds of Palestinians the strikes
took place after US President Joe Biden
told Israel's prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu that the military operation in
Rafa should not take place without
safeguards for civilians the United
States United Nations European union and
many governments have voiced deep
concern over netanyahu's ground
offensive plans around 1.4 million
people are crowding Rafal with many
living in tents amid increasing scarce
supply of food water and Medicine the
Israeli forces have launched a special
operation in Rafa earlier today the IDF
said that its forces freed two Israeli
hostages in Rafa the two Israeli
Argentine hostages were identified as
Fernando Simon marman and Lewis
har argentine's president Javier Millie
has praised Israel for the rescue Rafa
residents say the Israeli forces rain
down fire on the southern
region we did not see any hostages here
but we saw a helicopter landing in this
place and there was Heavy shooting as if
it was a very big battle the world has
turned into hell for the lives of
civilians the Israeli strikes hit a
mosque and several residential buildings
causing whites red
[Music]
Panic look at this a bullet ricocheted
into my son's room from the window I can
take you over there to film it it hit
the closet and ricocheted onto his
bed why are they destroying us what did
we we do what can I tell you we haven't
done
anything after the strike many
Palestinians gathered to bury the
dead he was born 1 month and a half ago
and today he went back to God his father
is in the Intensive Care at the European
hospital and his mother is wounded in
her leg and hands for all the latest
news download the weon app And subscribe
to our YouTube channel