bil adored his family these pictures and
videos are only a fraction of their
memories together here he's teaching his
two sons to read the Quran second only
to His Wife and Kids was bad's love of
his Farmland some Saturdays like this
one the family would picnic and tend to
the olives
together it was a favorite activity
until it turned deadly
someone shouted get out quickly sers are
coming B asked the kids to hurry back
home as he and I were living he realized
he forgot his phone a few minutes later
I heard gun shots Ban's killers were
Israeli settlers whose illegal
settlements now surround all sides of
the Salah Family Village of elsawi
they've never spent a day in prison nor
have most settlers whose attacks on
Palestinian civilians have surged since
October 7th these attacks have
penetrated Ela parents are too afraid to
send their kids to school they
themselves are afraid to work and then
of course there's the
grief Musa tells me that what he misses
most about his father is when he'd wake
him up early to go on trips to the
Garden to the pool Israeli settlements
in the occupied West Bank may be illegal
under international law but that matters
little to the families that remain
jailed in their own houses because of
them and the little faith that
Palestinians may have once had in the
International System and a two-state
solution is growing weaker by the day
politically analysts say the situation
looks pretty bleak as well in the
previous 75 years settlers were illegal
according to the international law even
inside the Israeli political scene they
were part of the opposition but with
this right to in government including
smich and Ben fear in it the settlers
became part of the decision makers even
they became the real decision makers
inside the Israeli political scene
despite the gravity of their loss the
Salah family says they are here to stay
on the land their father loved on the
land that was his
graveyard prianka naani trt World El
sawi occupied West
Bank