it is now the fifth day in the Israel
Hamas humanitarian pause here are the
most recent
developments at least 15,000
Palestinians have been killed in Israeli
air strikes in ground offensives since
the beginning of the Israel Hamas War
The War Began October 7th when a Hamas
attack killed more than 1200 Israelis a
total of 69 hostages and 150 Palestinian
prisoners have been released so far
under the initial 4-day humanitarian
pause of the hostages released 51 were
Israelis and 18 were foreigners
according to Cutter's un Ambassador
under the new humanitarian pause
extension both sides seem willing to
continue releases us officials said a
multi-nation financial task force is
working to crack down on funding for
Hamas and other militant groups
Financial intelligence units in 13
Western nations are looking to more
effectively coordinate on financial
intelligence and information sharing the
group is co-chaired by Germany Israel
the Netherlands and the
us around 200 container trucks brought
humanitarian Aid into Gaza November 27th
after being inspected by Israel the
trucks are carrying Food Water Shelter
equipment and medical
supplies the Israel prison service said
33 Palestinian prisoners were released
November 27th from a prison in the
occupied West Bank and from a Detention
Center in Jerusalem the Palestinian
Health Ministry says Israeli forces
clashed with some of the Palestinians
who had gathered outside the prison in
anticipation of the release some of the
protesters waved the flags of Hamas in
Islamic Jihad another Palestinian
militant group the ministry said a
Palestinian was killed in the area and
that it was unclear if he had
participated in the clashes Israel had
no immediate comment on the
incident the US state department said US
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin will
return to the Middle East as the US
hopes to find a way to extend a
ceasefire in Gaza and get more hostages
released it will be his third trip to
the region since Israel's war with Hamas
began thank you for joining us for this
update stay tuned as we continue to
bring you the latest developments in
this complex and evolving
situation