thousands of Palestinian civilians are
living in tents outside the hospital but
the fighting is getting closer Israel
says Hamas leaders are Sheltering in
tunnels underneath it they have always
denied
it on Thursday medical staff took a
short break to say prayers over the
bodies of colleagues killed in recent
shelling but it wasn't long before more
injured Palestinians arrived this man
says he and his family were trying to
head south away from the fighting but
they were hit by Israeli tank fire
Israel says its forces are edging
forward there is still intense fighting
this material shot by the Israeli
military shows house-to-house fighting
in bet lahia on the very Northern edge
of
Gaza journalists are being taken in now
they were shown weapons CES and the
openings to Hamas tunnel
Hamas is releasing its own video here
showing strikes against Israeli tanks
and armored
vehicles it is conducting hit and run
style attacks on advancing Israeli
troops but it's not clear how effective
they
are the Human Rights Commission of vulat
Turk visited the Rafa Crossing on
Thursday it had closed again temporarily
on Wednesday he said the aid going in is
nowhere near enough to address the
worsening humanitarian crisis
and then he accused both sides of war
crimes the atrocities perpetrated by
Palestinian armed groups on the 7th of
October were heinous they were war
crimes as is the continued holding of
hostages the collective punishment by
Israel of Palestinian civilians is also
a war crime as is unlawful forceable
evacuation of
civilians on Thursday the US government
said Israel had agreed to implement
4-Hour pauses in Northern Gaza every day
and there would be 3 hours notice before
each pause the White House said it was a
step in the right direction but for many
it is already too late Simon McGregor
would trt world