is this a March or a
mob at the front between the banners
Welsh singer Charlotte Church led the
throng CE fire now fire now behind her
busloads of protesters who' traveled
from across the UK to March through
London Calling for a ceasefire Ian is
from Harford guys it's a hell on Earth
and all these people in power just sit
by and watch it happen from centry it's
standing up for Humanity and that's what
we're all here for from all Races all
religions standing up for oneing only
and that cease fire
[Music]
now for all the clamor of this protest
the buildup tur it has had more
political noise than most with the Prime
Minister warning police Chiefs that mob
rule is replacing Democratic rules and
appearing on the steps of Downing Street
to warn that extremist
had infiltrated the ranks of this March
Pat from scunthorp says Mr sunx got it
wrong what do you think about mob rule
the Prime Minister saying it's mob rule
well it's a ridiculous statement to make
it's not mob rule is it look at these
people along here the government is just
inflammatory against people trying to
protest
peacefully I don't see any extremist
here I got my 10-year-old daughter with
me today yeah uh the family's here with
young kids how do you feel about What's
happen in Gaza sad
sad we're right at the front of the
protest here and this is where the main
protest meets a big contingent of Jewish
protesters who are joining in on the
main March what do you think of the idea
of this being a nogo zone for Jewish
people I think that's absurd obviously
I'm surrounded by Jews we're in central
London I also live in central London and
have lots of Jewish neighbors and none
of us are scared but counter protesters
say this chant strikes fear River to
[Music]
Thea so many people who consider
themselves liberal marching here en
chanting from The River To The
Sea again I ask where does it Lees us
the Jews the Israelis that already live
there and it's ironic that they're
saying stop the genocide when they are
cooling for a genocide can you not see
the hypocrisy in that so the hypocrisy
has to from the river to the sea in that
chant from The River To The Sea it is a
conf
so far away yet so close to home Jason
Farrell Sky News