a big statement has come from external
affairs minister drj Shanker condemning
the terrorism attack on Israel J Shanker
has said and I quote the statement here
of the minister what happened on October
7th is a big Act of terrorism and the
subsequent happenings after that have
taken the entire region into a different
direction within this we have to find a
balance between different issues we all
find terrorism unacceptable and we have
to stand up against terrorism but there
is also the issue of Palestine there has
to be a solution to the problems faced
by the Palestinian people our view is
that is it uh that has to be a two-state
solution remember two-state solution is
has been a long-standing position as
India's foreign policy uh let's listen
in to precisely what the foreign affairs
minister
said happened uh on October 7th uh this
uh big Act of terrorism of the
subsequent happenings after that uh this
has taken the entire region into a very
different direction but surely it must
be everybody's hope that eventually you
know the the conflict cannot be the
normal of that region that it comes back
to some stability some cooperation and
within within this we have to find a
balance between different issues because
uh there's no question I mean if there
is a issue of terrorism and we all find
terrorism unacceptable we have to stand
up on
terrorism but there is also an issue of
Palestine uh there has to be a solution
for what what is uh you know the
problems which face the Palestinian
people and our view is that it has to be
a two-state uh solution if you have to
find the solution you have to find a
solution through dialogue and
negotiations you cannot find the
solution through conflict and terrorism
so we would support uh that as well and
given the current situation you know
what is happening there we do believe
that International humanitarian law must
be respected by everybody