just at the southeast of Tel Aviv Eden
kogan is paying a visit to a special
[Laughter]
friend sky was left behind when his
master evacuated urgently from Southern
Israel and couldn't return one of many
animals in need of a new home at least
temporarily lost their owners when they
died on October 7th leaving deep
scars in the wake of the Hamas attack
Eden helped found KV good dog in Hebrew
to take care of the animals left behind
and by extension a nation left reeling
he found the perfect place Sky spent 4
days tied up outside as Hamas rockets
and militants poured over the border and
needed a lot of work to lose the
anxiety Sky's presence is also a bomb
for his foster family he's like a new
baby at
home full of joy I feel that he's uh he
gives me more security
when he's here a lot of them if they
would have been sent to a shelter they
would have been uh put to sleep because
of the the the stress they were in uh it
seems like most of them would be
unsuitable to be adopted ever but uh we
proved it
wrong that's where Kell to shines they
partner such dogs with volunteer
families who can often be in as much
need of comfort instructing them how to
care for the
animals like most Israelis Edan served
in the military when he was younger his
canine unit lost 17 dogs during the
second Palestinian Uprising from 2000 to
2005 and his three years in uniform
marked him I suffer as well from post-t
truma from my times and it just
increased it and once I got a dog which
I could connect with it felt like uh
he's helping me as much as I helped them
and
um you can hear it from a lot a lot of
families Eden wants to give back not
just to the animals he rescues but to
others in need of help my intention is
to to at least uh in time train some of
them to be a professional therapy dogs
for for a lot of uh post-t trauma and
Trauma cases that we will see in the in
the next months years I don't know to
come that's likely to be the case
Israel's government has said its war in
Hamas will endure through
2024