[Music]
there's a steady stream of diplomatic
heavyweights making their way to meet
with Israelis and Palestinians all in an
effort to restart peace talks
senior adviser to the White House Jared
Kushner went to Ramallah last week to
meet Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas
and this week UN Secretary General
Antonio Guterres is scheduled to make
the journey the Palestinians angered by
the lack of hope for a fair peace
process under American auspices
organized a protest they say America has
a clear bias towards Israel the general
feeling is that Trump administration is
failing the Palestinian people it has
failed to exercise any serious pressure
on Israel to stop settlement activities
although the settlement activities have
increased by 70% since President Trump
was elected this administration keep
adopting Israeli positions it has failed
even to mention the word two-state
solution since it was elected which is
unprecedented the message is very clear
we cannot have the United States as a
mediator the Palestinians want peace
talks to begin but say a two-state
solution is impossible as long as
settlement activity in the occupied West
Bank continues even if we are going to
start restart against the negotiation
they should stop settle a settlement
they should stop confiscating the land
ethnic cleansing the Palestinian people
they should do all their practices stop
all their practice on the ground so
after that we could we could find a
solution the Palestinians are frustrated
with the u.s. under Donald Trump they
say does not have a clear position on
any key issue that would bring peace to
the region the remaining hope now is for
the UN to put its words into actions and
step in to ensure more productive talks
with Israel Mohamed TRT world Ramallah
in the occupied West Bank
[Music]
you