everybody's in for President Biden this
is the special relationship he never
misses an opportunity to boast of his
Irish ancest my grandfather fining used
to say May the hinge of our friendship
never go Rusty and their annual meeting
in the Oval Office gave the Irish leader
an opportunity to make his case on the
Middle East you'll know um my my view
that we need to bease fire as soon as
possible uh to get food and Medicine in
to get the hostages out and um we need
to talk about how we can make that
happen and move towards a two-state
solution which I think is the only the
only way we'll have lasting peace and
security but the president did make it
clear during their bilateral is is that
the United States would continue to
support Israel in defending itself none
of us uh like to see American weapons
being used in the way they are um the
way they're being used at the moment uh
is not
self-defense the White House has rarely
been more green Joe Biden is the most
Irish president since John F Kennedy but
on the issue of the Middle East there's
a notion of difference between his views
and those of his Irish guests this
week they're celebrating St Patrick on
Capitol Hill and the restoration of pow
sharing Northern Ireland's new leaders
winning the presidential seal of
approval
I think we stand at an inflection point
not only in American history but in
world history where the decisions we
make now are going to determine what the
next three four five six decades are
going to look like and I believe
history's
watching on both sides of the Atlantic
the electorate is watching two President
Biden and the t-shir are both facing
election
and every word matters David Lev Sky
News in
Washington