now in the latest in Israel Hamas War at
least 500 people were killed and many
are feared to be trapped under the
rubble in the aftermath of a deadly
attack on a hospital in Gaza Hamas has
called this attack a genocide even as
Israel denies any role behind the strike
following the deadly air strike
Palestinian president mmud abas has
declared 3 days of mourning for the
victims injured men women and children
are being carried to Gaza City's alifa
Hospital which is 1.5 km away from
alahari Arabi
Hospital Palestinian civil defense has
called the bombing on Al aalii Hospital
Israel's deadliest air strike since
2008 Israel Defense Forces have blamed
the strike on Hamas the IDF has also
released a footage perpet backing the
claim the IDF maintains that the attack
to be the responsibility of Islamic
Jihad
in our technological world everything is
documented and we have clear-cut
evidence that it was a Palestinian
Islamic Jihad
rocket the Palestinian terrorists and
their allies immediately take out the
victim card after cowly murdering
abducting and abusing defenseless
Israeli citizens they are afraid to
confront the
IDF reacting to the developments isra
Prim Minister meamin Netanyahu shared a
tweet and he said that the entire world
should know that it was barbaric
terrorists in Gaza that attacked the
hospital in Gaza and not the IDF he
added that those who brutally murdered
our children also murder their own
children but Palestinian ambassador to
the UN countered the Israeli Prime
Minister's claim calling him a liar
Palestinian Envoy claimed that the
Israeli forces hit the hospital
speculating the presence of Hamas base
around the premises the Palestinian
onvoy says Nathan yah's digital
spokesperson tweeted that Israel did hit
thinking that there was a base for Hamas
around this hospital and that the Tweet
was deleted after they realized the
death toll would draw
outrage a picture of the deleted tweet
was shared without the
timestamp