during Eid people celebrate with family
reunions but in the occupied West Bank
there's little to celebrate and reunions
take place in
cemeteries at the break of dawn on the
first day of pilies make the journey to
Graves to remember those who are no
longer here yam jarar would have been at
the ganine refugee camp Cemetery to
visit the graves of his friends but the
16-year-old was killed by Israeli forces
in November now his mother and friends
are spending near his
Tombstone our children grow up too fast
and too soon when a 16-year-old grows up
seeing the Israeli occupation is
brutality and inhumanity against
Palestinians where do you expect this
path to take him to the theme park of
course the cemetery this is a life that
was imposed on US during the war on Gaza
Israeli forces and settlers have killed
at least 460 Palestinians in the
occupied West Bank nearly a quarter of
them were killed here in Janine and its
refugee camp this new Cemetery was
opened in July last year and it's
already filling up IAM derish is a
mother of nine four of her children were
killed in an Israeli drone strike in
January Eid without them is very
difficult I had so many Traditions with
them before Eid they would take me to
eat outside we would buy the sweets and
clothes and make cookies together Sam
says she comes here every day not just
during I was deprived of helping them
achieve their dreams of getting married
and establishing families now the only
thing I could do for them is plant
flowers near their graves they will
never see their loved ones grow up or
grow old families place photographs on
the graves and plant flowers
they tell us it's a way of bringing life
to a place of
death nid ibraim Al jaaz gine the
occupied
Westbank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer