the health Ministry says that an airdrop
of humanitarian Aid in Gaza killed five
people on the ground and injured several
others after parachutes reportedly
failed to deploy the health ministry
didn't identify which nation dropped the
aid and details are scarce the Pentagon
said American airdrops of Aid have so
far provided over
124,000 meals since they started last
weekend and that it's deliveries were
safe press reports that US Air drops
resulted in civilian casualties on the
ground are false as we've confirmed that
all of our Aid bundles landed safely on
the ground the Pentagon also showed off
what its temporary peer off gaza's
Mediterranean Coast will eventually look
like a doc the Pentagon says will help
provide 2 million meals per day but the
European union says there are plans to
launch an aid ship as early as this
weekend from Greek administ Cyprus it'll
be heading to Gaza on a trial run before
the temporary Pier is built on Friday
starting out on a campaign swing around
the country President Joe Biden again
repeated that Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu needs to do more to
get humanitarian Aid into Gaza in a
moment caught on a microphone after his
Thursday stateof the Union Address Biden
suggested he is ready to pressure
Netanyahu as never before right after he
decried the conditions in Gaza nearly 2
million more Palestinians under
bombardment or displacement homes
destroyed neighborhoods in rubble cities
in ruin families without food water
medicine it's
heartbreaking but Pro Palestinian
critics who demonstrated outside the
White House were not impressed that
Biden never called for a ceasefire
during his speech Biden himself said
that without a ceasefire he was
concerned about the possibility of more
violence in East Jerusalem where
Palestinian worshippers now say Israeli
police are keeping them out of the AL
AXA mosque and Biden admitted the
possibility of reaching a ceasefire by
Ramadan due to start on March 10th was
looking tough Andy rosan trt world