the United States and Israel are holding
their most significant military
exercises to date close to 7 000
military personnel 142 aircraft and
ships are participating in what is
amongst the biggest U.S Israel war games
to date and there is a clear message to
Iran amid growing tensions over its
nuclear program U.S officials say the
drills titled Juniper Oak are meant to
demonstrate and deepen integration
between the U.S and Israeli militaries
analysts say the message to Tehran is
clear though U.S officials claim there
would be no mock-ups of Iranian targets
and that the exercises aren't oriented
around a particular adversary the
exercises include live fire drills
involving 6400 U.S forces most of the
troops will be aboard the U.S aircraft
carrier George H.W bush strike group and
around 450 troops on the ground in
Israel the U.S aircraft will include F3
55 F1 55 f
-16s and one and f-18s according to an
official the drills will take place over
large distances involving land sea and
space earlier Israel opposed the U.S
President Joe Biden's attempts to revive
the Iran nuclear deal Israel says any
deal would not stop the Iran's
development of a nuclear weapon the US
has its commitment to Israeli security
is einclad
for more on this so let's take a look at
this report files by our correspondent
Susan tehrani from New York
Detroit military exercises come at a
time when the United States and much of
the world has been focused on Russia's
invasion of Ukraine which is now
spanning into 11 months and while Russia
has lost many of its allies it has grown
increasingly close to Iran one of
Israel's staunches adversaries
Iran has provided Russia with hundreds
of drones which in turn the Kremlin has
used against energy infrastructures in
Ukraine notably in the fall leading up
to the winter months the United States
has also expressed concern regarding
relations between these two countries
however U.S officials have noted that
this military exercise between Tel Aviv
and Washington is not targeted towards
any specific adversary Susan techwani
reporting from New York for weon well
this one
foreign
[Music]