they claim it is their sacred day and
this is how they marked
it the violence started near the Senate
half before Armistice Day events had
even
begun far right counter protesters and
football
thugs aiming their aggression at
[Applause]
police
when 11:00 came the crowds did fall
silent but this was a brief moment of
calm amid all the
confrontations among the crowds was
Tommy Robinson founder of the farri
English Defense League a figurehead for
many here he'd called on supporters to
come to London to protect the senat from
the pro Palestine March many were proud
to repeat that patriotic
rhetoric they gave us our freedom these
people down the set
half these have one should be Maring on
today it's a sacred day for England is
it why shouldn't they
March because they're supporting
terrorist but it was soon clear there
were other aims too many followed
Robinson away from whiteall into
Chinatown where police say they were
pelted with
missiles well next to Parliament more
clashes with police
officers at times struggling to contain
the
crowds the atmosphere here has been
incredibly tense the counter protesters
said they were coming to London to
protect the Senate half and honor the
Fallen but throughout the day it's felt
like many are also just spoiling for a
fight met Police Commissioner Samar
growley was braced for trouble and was
seen speaking to officers near the
Senate half he had defended his decision
to allow the march to go ahead because
the threshold for disorder hadn't been
met but there was nevertheless plenty of
trouble some sought to confront the
March but were largely kept at Bay by a
wall of police one counter protester
appearing to make a Nazi salute it was
here that dozens of them were
arrested not all who came to the Senate
half were members of the far right but
they were in the minority and those we
spoke to condemn the ugly scenes people
don't respect the police people don't
respect sort of like each other as much
they don't help themselves on their
timing you know we were standing there
doing a minute silence and else for our
fallen and then within 10 minutes
they're screaming and shouting their
song it is of course supposed to be a
day of respect but at times it felt very
far from
them IA Bennett Sky
News