now the dead toll in Gaza continues to
increase Crossing 8,000 meanwhile Iran's
president warned Israel has crossed the
red line in the region which may Force
everyone to take action Isa has
more the death toll in Gaza has
surpassed 8,000 since armed conflict
began between Israel and Hamas on
October 7th according to gaza's health
Ministry the number of injured as a
result of Israeli air strikes is also
approaching
20,000 the ministry added that the death
toll may actually be much higher with
many people still trapped under Rubble
as rescue teams continue their search
and rescue operations a total of 1,800
people are reportedly missing with 1,000
of them being children with Israel
continuing Air Raids in Gaza Iranian
president Ibraham RI said Sunday that
Israel has crossed a red line in Gaza
which may Force everyone to take action
hitting at the possibility tan getting
involved in the conflict taken to social
media president R said the US told Iran
not to do anything but Washington
continues to give widespread support to
Israel meanwhile the US had initially
questioned Iran's involvement in the
October 7th attacks us intelligence
suggested that Iranian officials were
also surprised by hamas's attack and
that tan was not directly involved in
its planning resource or approval
meanwhile during a visit to Nepal un
Secretary General Antonio Ceres called
for the protection of all civilians in
Gaza while gutterz condemned the October
7th attacks by Hamas he expressed regret
that Israel has intensified its military
operations instead of a humanitarian
pause supported by the International
Community he also urged those were
responsibility to step back from the
brink and call the situation in Gaza a
humanitarian catastrophe
ceras visited the country to extend
condolences to the families of 10
nepales students killed by Hamas in
southern Israel on October 7th isang
news