fresh violence has fled up between
Israel and Palestine on Sunday Israeli
settlers attacked and torched
Palestinian homes in West Bank a
Palestinian was killed in the incident
which is seemingly in retaliation to
killings of two Israelis in the area an
eight group Palestinian red crescent
claimed that hundreds were injured in
the attack the assault began shortly
after a Palestinian government killed
two Israeli Brothers in the nebulous
City enraged Israeli settlers blocked
the streets after that pelted stones and
set Palestinian properties on fire
Palestinian media said at least 20
vehicles and buildings were taught
thank you
the deceased brothers were from a
religious Jewish settlement they were
killed after a gunman fired towards the
vehicle in which they were present no
one claimed responsibility for the
shooting
Israel's prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has urged people to maintain
calm
[Music]
the IDF and the security forces are
currently in pursuit of the killer we
will find him we will capture him and we
will deal with him I asked that even
when the blood is boiling and the spirit
is hot not to take the law into your
hands I would like to let the IDF and
the security forces do their job I
remind you that in the last few weeks
they have eliminated dozens of
terrorists and prevented dozens of
terrorist attacks let the IDF complete
the pursuit don't take the law into your
hands and together we will defeat Terror
the area where the attack took place
sees regular tensions between
Palestinians and Israeli settlers just
few days ago Israeli forces launched
their deadliest West Bank raid in nearly
20 years leaving 11 Palestinians dead
for more on this our correspondent Jody
Cohen has sent us this report
[Music]
in recent weeks we've seen Terror
attacks counter operations search and
arrest rates Rockets from Gaza and
Strikes on Hamas targets and now rare
talks between the Israeli government and
Palestinian Authority the subsequent
shooting by a Palestinian gunman of two
Israeli brothers and the response of a
group of Israelis taking the matter into
their own hands underlines the tension
on the ground with further talks
expected in Egypt's next month the
short-term priority appears to be
preventing further violence this is Jody
Cohen for we on world is one
[Music]