[Music]
fore
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
that
[Music]
[Music]
pap
[Applause]
hello
I will describe what I saw myself I was
in a surgery department and I had just
finished a surgery I was about to rest
before my next surgery and suddenly we
heard the sound of a huge explosion in
the beginning we thought it is one of
the explosions we hear all the time we
didn't think it was in the hospital then
people came to the surgery Department
screaming and yelling asking us to save
them telling us that there are injured
and dead people in the hospital
it was a shock for everyone the hospital
was full of dead people injured people
and body parts everywhere people were
crying and screaming we tried to give
first aid but there were more injuries
than we could handle with our limited
resources at the hospital many people
were marted some of them were alive we
saw them alive and breathing but we
could not do anything for them they died
in our arms and we saw
them
there was no warning before the hospital
was targeted there were about 3,000
people who were taking shelter here
while we were working at the hospital
and without any warning around 6:30 p.m.
the hospital was targeted by shelling we
don't know what it was but we found what
it can do after it targeted children who
were cut into
pieces
for
you
Hamas is responsible and should be held
accountable for all civilian casualties
we saw the cost of this terrible War
crime yesterday when a rocket fired by a
Palestinian terrorist misfired and
landed on a Palestinian Hospital the
entire world was rightfully outraged but
this outrage should be directed not in
Israel but at the
Terrace as we proceed on this war Israel
will do everything it can to keep
civilians out of Harm's Way we have
asked them and we'll continue to ask
them to move to safer areas we'll
continue to work with you Mr
President to assure that the minimal
requirements are met and we continue to
work together to get our hostages
Out Mr President the road to Victory
will be long and hard but United in
purpose and with a deep sense of justice
and the unbreakable Spirit of our
soldiers and Our People Israel will
prevail thank you Mr President well
thank you
uh
I'm
up
I'm
I'm up the
now
back
I'm
back
there