[Music]
in protest in Teran they chanted down
with Israel and stuck to the official
script in the wake of Israeli
attacks the Israelis didn't do anything
special based off what I heard from news
agencies I don't think they have the
courage to do anything after Iran's
successful
strike there is relief across the region
that Iran is responding by putting on
protests not retaliating again with
missiles Middle East to step back from
the brink after Iran's un precedent of
missile Onslaught on Israel at the
weekend but analysts here say the rules
in the region have changed and Iran has
now forever upped the anti the pieces
together now every time that Israel
might do something against the irgc or
might do some sabotage against their
nuclear program as we've seen countless
times over the years this could be the
excuse that the Iranians want to launch
another Salvo of drones and ballistic
missiles at Israel for almost half a
century of assassinations proxy wars
secret operations Iran and Israel have
fought each other in the
shadows after Israel's massive air
strike on Iranian commanders in Damascus
earlier this month the fear was of
allout conflict engulfing the region
that hasn't happened
yet but Israeli observers of Iran say
something fundamental has now shifted
all the same yes the shadow war came out
of the Shadows it will return to the
Shadows but this is this is not uh this
is not permanent now we have a precedent
for Iran firing at Israel in such large
numbers I think they could do it again
somewhere along the line but I think
they're going to choose a more more
convenient time Israel still faces the
threat of attacks from hisbah from the
north missiles from militia in the East
and its war in Gaza has yet to
neutralize
Hamas on any of those fronts there is
the risk of escalation to a much bigger
war that threat has been averted for now
with Iran but it remains an everpresent
Danger
[Music]