for more on this Let's cross live to our
correspondent Nick holzworth joining us
from jeda Nick you also used to be our
correspondent in Russia what do you make
of uh Putin's trip a rare trip abroad
for the Russian
president this is indeed a rare trip
it's only the third overseas trip since
the war in Ukraine was launched by
Russia in February
2022 with trips to Iran and China before
this trip this is all about Putin
seeking to project a image of confidence
in fact he's been speaking far more
confidently in recent weeks as the
Russians have perceived the failure of
the Ukrainian counter offensive in the
east of Ukraine and this visit is all
about uh discussing oil uh showing his
Partners in the Middle East that he's a
reliable partner uh seeking to agree a
cut in oil production uh in in order to
keep prices up although they have
actually Fallen recently keeping the oil
price high is important for Putin
because that means he's earning more
overseas Revenue to pay for his war in
Ukraine and also he's seeking to have an
influence on the war in Gaza having just
a few years ago sided with uh the Syrian
president in his Civil War which tipped
the balance uh in favor of the Syrian
president in that
war now besides
the wars both in Ukraine and in Gaza
Putin expected as you mentioned uh to
discuss oil production uh what is the
Russian president hoping to get out of
these meeting when it comes to oil
production well he's certainly hoping to
uh agree a cut in production which will
mean higher oil prices for the Russians
and uh he's he's hoping to show that
Russia is a Rel viable partner who can
work in concert with OPEC plus countries
in the
region nck htz reporting there from jeda
thanks so
much