the middle east region is quieter today
than it has been in two decades now
challenges remain Iran's nuclear weapons
program the tensions between Israelis
and Palestinians but the amount of time
that I have to spend on crisis and
conflict in the Middle East today
compared to any of my predecessors going
back to 911 is significantly reduced
Jake why was your assessment there so
far off the
mark well first Kristen I made those
comments
in the context of developments in The
Wider middle east region over the last
few years after two decades that
involved a Civil War in Yemen and a
massive humanitarian catastrophe a civil
war in Syria and a massive Refugee
crisis an invasion and Insurgency in
Iraq a NATO military operation in Libya
Iranian backed attacks on both Saudi and
the UAE uh as well as many other steps
in including the rise of a terrorist
calefate that actually occupied a huge
amount of territory the sentence before
what you just played I said in fact that
this was for now and that it could all
change and the two threats that I
identified that were the most acute on
my mind at the time were tensions
between Israelis and Palestinians as I
mentioned and the threat from Iran and
so yes uh it is true that those two
threats remained a real challenge to the
long term stability of the Middle East
region and we've just seen this
absolutely tragic attack but at no point
did the Biden Administration take its
eye off the ball of the threats to
Israel in fact President Biden saw prime
minister Netanyahu just weeks before
this attack to discuss the security
challenges facing the state of Israel
and we've continued to support them to
as significant or greater an extent than
any previous administration thanks for
watching stay updated about breaking
news and top stories on the NBC News app
or follow us on social media