[Music]
Edwin's in Palestine have always been
part of the region's people their
communities used to move across the
territories living off of sheep herding
and simple farming today's Bedouin have
begun to settle down in small
communities and villages in the Negev
desert as well as the Jordan Valley and
East Jerusalem but they now say the
biggest challenge to their existence is
Israel most of the Bedouin villages are
considered illegal by the Israelis who
says they have been built without
permits well away you could work with a
little cool the Israelis come all the
time to bother us we tell them we're
shepherds who are avoiding any problems
we simply love the wilderness and herd
our sheep we are not harming you or
anyone else
these people say they are being served
eviction notices and being harassed
every day but they are refusing to move
one lamb had ready
every minute we are here we are
endangered they have already demolished
this place three times when we had a
lawyer they left us for a while however
after that they kept coming sometimes
they come and search us and other times
they come in the middle of the night
while we sleep the
Association for civil rights says about
80,000 Bedouin 's live in the
unrecognized communities in some areas
like East Jerusalem Israel has been
working to implement a plan it calls a
one which involves moving large numbers
of Bedouin to make room for more Israeli
settlements the Israeli government says
Bedouin will benefit under the schemes
by being settled in specially designed
townships but such initiatives often
spark protests in 2013 there were
large-scale protests against the so
called Brava plan under which Israeli
authorities sought to move 40,000
Bedouin to new locations but Israel
continues to destroy Bedouin communities
in the Negev area with demolitions being
carried out in villages such as hora and
on bitten but when communities in
Palestine remained steadfast on their
lands despite Israel's demolition of
their homes they withstand threats of
eviction and rebuild their houses every
time they are torn down they say they
want to remain on the lands they formed
and heard they're animals on for
generations ha Mahamaya TRT world
Ramallah in the occupied West Bank
[Music]
you