Hussein and Ibrahim never expected to be
in rala this long they left their
families in Gaza for medical care in the
occupied West Bank that was before the
war started 4 months ago now they're
stuck here their lives in limbo at the
Retro
Hotel I cannot call my wife and my
children and they cannot call me this is
why I'm always stressed Ibrahim has
cancer and Hussein has betet disease a
rare disorder that causes blood vessel
inflammation Ibrahim shows us a video of
his family including his children and
grandchildren he says it was taken while
they were fleeing their home in alri
Camp in central Gaza Hussein says his
wife and children are in jabalia refugee
camp in the north of Gaza where food is
scarce you're eating food for Animals
corn feed is for Animals there's no
food ibrahim's family is is Sheltering
in Rafa with 1 and a half million other
Palestinians he's terrified of what
might happen if Israel launches its
planned ground
assault all the time I'm wondering
what's happening and what's going to
happen will they die will I lose them
it's too hard I can't explain
it while we're conducting an interview
Hussein gets a call from his
wife aldah their health is okay thank
God when I speak with them they say they
are not okay they have only air to
breathe nothing
else they are here from 7th of
October uh they cannot go to their
families they are suffering the has
heard many of these stories he's been
running this hotel for 20 years even
before the war separation for many
Palestinian families was commonplace
because of the occupation the hotel
manager tells us there are 100 people
staying here with serious medical
conditions they came to Romola from Gaza
because they couldn't get the medical
treatment they needed back home all of
them are separated from their families
and worried for their
survival for Ibrahim Valentine's Day is
a chance to get his wife Hala something
special he says he'll give Hala her
present an evening gown when he next
sees her like everyone here he's hoping
he can return to Gaza soon a long
overdue checkout from this Heartbreak
Hotel Randolph Nole t T world ramala in
the occupied West
Bank