Israeli forces have again raided a
hospital in Gaza which they say was part
of a search for the remains of hostages
taken by Hamas meanwhile a wall is being
built in the desert of Egypt close to
the border of the war torn Gaza Strip
but the Egyptian government hasn't made
any official comments about this Ian
reports with the
latest on Thursday Israeli forces raided
the biggest functioning Hospital in
southern Gaza claiming they were seeking
the remains ofit hostages taken by Hamas
the Israeli military said it had
credible intelligence of Hamas holding
hostages at the Nassar Hospital
according to Chief military spokesperson
rear Admiral Daniel hagari forces
conducted a precise and limited
operation there without forcibly
evacuating Medics or patients Israel has
accused Hamas of using hospitals and
other civilian structures to Shield its
Fighters the raid on nasar Hospital came
hours after an Israeli attack killed a
patient and wounded six others inside
the complex the Gaza Health Ministry
said that as troops searched Hospital
buildings they ordered more than 460
staff patients and their relatives to
move into an older building in the
compound that isn't equipped to treat
patients adding that fuel for generators
would soon run out which would endanger
the lives of those in intensive care
meanwhile a wall is being built in Egypt
close to its border with a war torn Gaza
Strip footage and satellite imagery
obtained by news outlets show that a
plot of land has been cleared off and a
wall is being being built in the buffer
zone between Egypt and Rafa apparently
over concerns that refugees from Gaza
will spill over across the border ruffa
is now overflowing with over a million
displaced Palestinians struggling to
survive in tents and makeshift shelters
with scarce access to food and other
critically needed supplies the New York
Times has reported that their analysis
of the satellite images indicated that
the work began around February 5th
according to an interview with a
contractor and an engineer the Egyptian
Army commissioned the building of a 5 m
High concrete wall to close off a 5
Square kilm plot of land at the site but
the Egyptian government has declined to
discuss the new construction I adang
news