let's bring in Russ Weakland senior L a
reporter for hollywoodlife.com he joins
us now to talk some more thanks through
time tonight
thank you any more details on Lofland
appearance
well Laughlin Sapir insist recently
ended in Los Angeles where she has now
been let off on one millions dollars
bond
so there's still plenty of time for this
case to be to go back into court but
Lori Lori Loughlin had been surrendered
to the FBI today so she's dealing with
everything right now as we speak she had
to come back from filming from Vancouver
so this is all very fresh to her as well
all right so has her husband been
charged as well or has she been charged
on her own her husband has been charged
as well
he is of the Mossimo design company he
is his name is Massimo he was arrested
and indicted for the bribery scam as
well so both both her and him have been
indicted on this all right so what about
Felicity Huffman we know she appeared
yesterday I believe and she's out her
husband has not been charged her husband
hasn't been charged yet her husband has
been to court and has has been there to
support her she's been charged with mail
fraud and and and not necessarily what
Lori has been charged with but she's
been out on bail as of the last 24 hours
so she was arrest actually arrested
yesterday and went to court and dealt
with her her start of all this process
yesterday where Lori was today and
what's been the reaction like in the
entertainment industry it's so
surprising because I've spoken to both
of these women before on many occasions
on red carpets they're the nicest women
you'd ever imagine
that you would never think they would do
anything wrong
and it just is just shocking because
celebrities on Twitter and Instagram and
what-have-you like Olivia Munn have
basically been bashing them over this
whole incident and it's it's quite it's
quite the scene in Hollywood all right
Ross Weakland I've got to leave it there
but thanks for your time tonight thank
you so much