the other big story we're tracking yet
another incident of violence has been
reported in the West Bank Israeli
Emergency Services say that a
Palestinian gunman opened fire
at a gas station near Israeli settlement
in the region killing at least four
people and wounding four others
standing Beneath My Town my home a
ID I'm standing here on highway 60. this
is our main artery of Life at our gas
station an hour ago four young people
were brutally murdered by terrorists
according to Israeli Security Forces one
gunman was neutralized at this site by a
civilian while another who had fled the
scene was found and killed the area
around the gas station has been sealed
off Hamas group has claimed
responsibility for the attack in
response to the violent incident prime
minister Netanyahu said and I'm quoting
here we will continue to fight terrorism
with all our might and we will defeat it
unquote
foreign
Israel's minister of National Security
itamar benguveer called on prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu to launch a
full-scale military operation in the
West Bank he has even urged Jewish
settlers in the area to carry a weapon
the sentiment has also been echoed by
Danny Dunham who is Israel's
representative to the United Nations
Dannon tweeted and I quote we demand a
military operation in Judea and Samaria
now
not later
now is the time to strike hard and fast
I call on our prime minister to order a
large-scale military operation unquote
the incident comes after one of the most
intense clashes in the best bank in
months Israeli military carried out raid
in Janine and left six Palestinians dead
and wounded more than 90 people Janine
is a major area in West Bank which is
under a stronghold of Palestinian groups
over the past one year incidence of
violence have increased in West Bank
with Israeli raids becoming common and
attacks by Palestinians more frequent
[Music]
foreign
[Music]