answer the four battalions that still
reside in the Rafa region must be
destroyed that is
non-negotiable one thing I've learned
from talking to the Israeli Defense
Forces is if these battalions are left
intact everything they've achieved will
be lost over time so I uh urge the Biden
Administration the Congress to make sure
that Israel has the time and
space to achieve victory over Hamas
military unra as an
organization is dead to the United
States and the people of Israel it must
be replaced in terms of health care
basic necessities like food as well as
education and I think the world food
program is a good good group to start in
terms of coming up with a new model
called the day after you you have
mentioned it as well I think what a lot
of people in the world
Miss October the 7th was like Pearl
Harbor and 911 on steroids for the
Israeli
people and the response to October 7th
is total
Victory the destruction of all military
capability Battalion wise of Hamas made
it harder for a deal to be made that's
number one and uh number two the UN
resolution um problem I hope we'll be
behind us soon I understand the Israeli
position you have to be clear there will
never be a
ceasefire unless the hostages are
released the wording of the resolution
created doubt I hope we can get the
administration and Israel back together
talking about the way
forward uh I'm hoping there will be a
breakthrough on that front soon
suggested and the second one is do you
think Qatar should take I would
encourage the next Republican
Administration if there is one to
increase the military capability of
Israel to deter and stop a nuclear
capable Iran if the day ever came where
there was a military action that was
required to prevent a Breakout by Iran I
would urge the president of the United
States to join in with
Israel