well on Sunday uh makach kalala airport
in Russia's one of the Cities was
besieged by hundreds of protesters
opposing Israel as soon as the flight
from tviv landed at the airport at
around 700 p.m. local time a mob waving
flags of Palestine breached the main
security and even got onto the runway
their aim to search for his reles on
plane resulting in a face off with
security and the Israeli passengers
being confined to a room for their
security the madness continued for
several La leaving 20 people injured and
two critical and on the other hand uh
makach chakala is among various
locations in the north Caucasus with a
large Muslim population various telegram
channels displayed images of women
stationed outside the airport
intercepting Vehicles one of the video
showed a protester with a Playard
stating child killers are not welcome in
dagistan other footage depicted a mob
inside the airport terminal attempting
to force open open doors while airport
staff
[Applause]
[Music]
resisted
for
no reports of anti-jewish Acts were not
confined to makach chakala in nalchik
under City in neighboring kabardino
Valaria region of PL Jewish Center was
set on fire protesters also besieged a
hotel in dagestani City searching rooms
for Jewish refugees in fact one of the
hotels also witnessed an anti-jew mob
issuing threats to an Israel man who had
allegedly checked to the
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
hotel
[Music]
now such violent incidents are
unfortunately neither isolated nor
restricted to Russia in Cooper
University Pro Palestine supporters
founded on doors and windows as Jewish
students were locked inside a library to
escape the fury of the angry mob and the
very next day another American
University was witnessed to
indiscriminate assault on an Israeli
supporter whose only fault was to stop
the other side from burning the national
flag of Israel