Israel is withdrawing some of its forces
from Gaza to shift to more targeted
operations against Hamas an official
said on Monday these soldiers were seen
repairing equipment at a base near the
Gaza border a base commander said they
would return to The Enclave soon the
shift to mopping up operations signals a
new phase in Israel's offensive and is
expected to last for months some of the
troops pulled out of Gaza would be
prepared for rot to the northern border
with Lebanon an official said the
reduction would also allow some
reservists to return to civilian life
Shoring up Israel's war battered economy
on Monday the US Navy announced the
Gerald R Ford aircraft carrier was
returning to its Home Port in Virginia
after being deployed to the Eastern
Mediterranean following the outbreak of
hostilities the war in Gaza has reduced
much of the territory to rubble and
plunged its 2.3 million people in into a
humanitarian disaster Palestinian Health
authorities say around 22,000 people
have been killed the assault on The
Enclave followed the surprise Hamas
attack on Israel on October 7th in which
Israel said 1,200 people were killed and
240 taken
hostage Israel's defense minister said
Monday that some of the Israeli
communities north of the Gaza Strip that
were evacuated would be able to return
in the near future at this Palestinian
tent camp in Rafa on New Year's Eve
children played in the sand while they
focused on their
survival this 11-year-old girl said her
wish for 2024 was not to die there is no
bathroom no food no water our childhood
is gone she
said nearby at the Rafa Zoo displays
people camped out between cages holding
starving animals some of the family
Sheltering here say they cannot afford
food food
[Music]
themselves
spe
spee
fore
fore
foree
[Music]
spee okay
the see the
for
TR
Yad
Yad
[Applause]
boy
[Applause]
[Applause]
boy
foreign
spee speech
[Applause]
[Music]
spee
for
[Applause]
spee
[Applause]
spee
foree
[Music]
fore
[Music]
yes
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
fore