for days Israeli protesters have blocked
Aid getting into Gaza through the Kem
Shalom Crossing dozens have been
arrested they're demanding the return of
hostages before more Aid is allowed
in a framework for a new deal is said to
be in place reportedly it would see the
release of the 136 remaining hostages in
phases in return there would be a
ceasefire lasting many weeks and
Palestinian prisoners would be released
as
well the mood in recent weeks in Israel
has changed and divisions have widened
over the course of the war the country's
leadership and the lack of a new hostage
deal it's early evening in West
Jerusalem hundreds of protesters are
Marching close to the prime minister's
residents in the city at the same time
demonstrations are taking place across
Israel the the largest in Tel Aviv
they're all families of ours people we
love people we want to see back with us
if it was my child I would want my
government and the people of Israel to
do everything that they can Netanyahu
has criticized the protests saying they
don't help and only Harden hass's
position these protests aren't defined
along political lines it's not about
leftest right prover anti-government
I've even met a serving IDF Soldier here
it's
about a desire a desperation to get the
remaining hostages released from Gaza
and the protests are growing every week
that that does not
happen netanyahu's popularity has fallen
dramatically in recent months and he is
under growing pressure to agree a new
hostage deal even if he does though the
right-wing in his Coalition have
threatened to collapse the government if
they think the deal would equal win for
Hamas or lead to a permanent Seas fire
in
Gaza Netanyahu is treading a fine line
his country is divided and his position
is
unstable alist bunkle Sky News in
Jerusalem