Dar alifa or House of healing in Arabic
as the largest and most extensive
medical complex in the strip it's the
heartbeat of Gaza but for Israeli
authorities it's hamas's main command
center based on intelligence information
and an operational necessity Ida forces
are carrying out a precise and targeted
operation against Hamas in a specified
area in the shifa hospital but both
Israel and the United States have said
Hamas militants were using gaza's
hospitals to hide command posts and
hostages using underground tunnels that
stretch for hundreds of kilometers it's
a claim the group has repeatedly
denied shifa is a hospital that is older
than the occupation itself and it houses
the sick and the injured and doctors and
nurses and also houses displac children
women and the
elderly the arrival of the occupations
tanks to shifa is not an achievement
shifa is a medical and civilian building
and not a military
site the site is located in the north of
the strip and used to house British army
barracks it became a hospital in 1946
and has been a Lifeline for gazans
notably through the Arab Israeli Wars of
1948 1967 in
1973 like all hospitals in the strip
Israel's Siege on Gaza has meant doctors
working in extreme conditions lacking
oxygen water and fuel this doctor is
standing in what used to be the
hospital's ICU unit before it came under
attack here as you can see instead of
the patients being connected to the
devices to save their life we've had to
evacuate the area completely as you can
see the paramedics were forced to
evacuate this department to save people
from Israeli air strikes and
sniping alifa hospital has a capacity of
700 but Doctors Without Borders says the
number of patients there is currently in
the thousands with hundreds more just
waiting to be admitted with ongoing
bombardment it's unclear whether alifa
will withstand the war