israel's parliament has returned from
its break to start the summer session as
the ruling government continues to fight
for its survival after losing its
majority during the break the political
turmoil intensified after former whip
and yamina politician idi silman
defected from her party last month to
join the opposition likud this led to
the governing coalition of prime
minister naftali bennett losing its
majority in the knesset
the crisis was aggravated after islamist
arab party ram decided to freeze its
membership in the coalition due to
recent flare-ups at the al-aqsa mosque
if the arab party were to pull its four
seats from the coalition the bennet
lapid government would find itself in a
clear minority
meanwhile opposition parties are now
considering a no-confidence motion
against the government on sunday
opposition party heads held a meeting at
the likud party's headquarters in tel
aviv
agreeing to continue the determined and
unified fight to topple the government
the opposition is also reportedly
weighing whether to bring forward a
non-governmental bill to disperse the
government on wednesday
if passed in the preliminary debate it
would then be discussed in future
sessions for a final approval we on
correspondent jody cohen reports from
elad
[Music]
i'm in their lad at the scene of a
terror attack in which three men lost
their lives at the weekend leaving 16
children orphaned following further
attacks and attempted attacks in
jerusalem and tekoa israel is preparing
for a civilian volunteer force to join
the police and army in helping to defend
its communities it's also considering
whether to target hamas in gaza for
inciting violence or to pursue those
involved in violence in jenin where many
of the perpetrators have come from this
comes amid the re-opening of the knesset
israel's parliament today and possible
no-confidence votes in the coalition
government in the coming week with a
deadlocked parliament all eyes will be
on the islamist ram party to see if they
will stay in the government as their
leader mansur abbas apparently would
like or if they will leave as party
members consider their political futures
this is jody cohen for we on world is
one
[Music]