on the issue of how we see Hamas for
example um as you're aware the
designation of a terrorist organization
under Indian laws is a legal matter and
uh I would refer you I think mil you
asked um I would refer you to the
relevant authorities in this I think
we've been very clear that we see this
as a terrorist attack but on the
designation part um the relevant
authorities uh best place to respond to
it um how do we see the situation on
Palestine or our position on that um our
policy um in this regard uh has been
long-standing and consistent India has
always advocated the resumption of
direct negotiations uh towards
establishing a sovereign independent and
viable state of Palestine living within
secure and recognized borders side by
side at peace with Israel and I think
that position uh Remains the Same uh
there were some queries about uh how do
we see uh the developments that are
happening uh including uh you know the
violence that's taken place uh as well
as did prime minister raised some issues
uh including um I think prime minister
um conversation or his comment stand on
their own and I do not I think they do
not require any clarification on
palestin as I mentioned we have said uh
our our position on uh what is the what
is the our long-standing
position um the only element that I
would like to add uh is that there is an
in regarding particularly the
humanitarian situation or the
developments you said I think restraint
dupa you had asked and rishab I think um
you had asked about whether the uh
intervention I don't know what you meant
by intervention we are as I said our
focus is to assist our citizens uh but
there is an Universal obligation I think
to observe International humanitarian
law there is also a global
responsibility to fight the Menace of
terrorism in all its forms and
manifestations and I think that um
accurately sums up how we look at this
uh position