and as the conflict between Israel and
the Hamas militant group rages on the
death too continues to rise in Israel
more than 1,200 lives have been lost
most of them are civilians and over
3,000 have been injured while a multif
front war is now threatening the West
Asian Nation the war atrocities are not
just confined to large cities but have
also reached smaller Israeli communities
according to the Israeli Defense Forces
the fighting now spans three fronts
number one Gaza Lebanon and Syria
creating a complex and challenging
situation going
forward well the map on your screens
right now in the south on the border
with Gaza the nation is continuously
battling the Hamas militant Group which
carried out the surprise attack on
Saturday Israel's Counterattack has now
killed at least
950 pardon me at least 1,200 injuring
over at least
5,000 well around 1,500 Hamas militants
have also been killed who entered
Israeli territory during the attack well
on the northern border the IDF reported
that lebanos Terror organization hisbah
launched another attack several Rockets
were fired from lebanon's end the
attacks have been dealt with by the
Israeli forces but at the cost of human
lives on the northeastern border Rockets
were fired from Syria according to the
IDF the sources of the attack remains
unclear the IDF has now deployed their
forces extensively across these borders
and as per the official figures over
300,000 recruits into Israel's reserved
forces have been mobilized the Israeli
troops have been reinforced with
additional infantry Special Forces
artillery tanks and the Air Force to
take on further attacks the IDF says
that it is now preparing for the next
mission that is to strip Hamas off its
military capacity the troops say that
they stand determined to bring stability
and security to the
[Music]
region