[Music]
these buildings were constructed by
Israelis on privately owned Palestinian
land without permission from the Israeli
government
the international community regards all
of these settlements or outposts as
illegal under international law whether
Israel allows them or not but Israelis
dispute this an Israeli lawmakers have
approved a new draft bill that if passed
would legally recognized approximately
4,000 settler homes built on private
Palestinian land be deadly I want my
land by it's been taken from me by force
for 20 years they prevented us from
entering our land in eating estates
we've been demanding them to leave we
even hired a lawyer and went to course I
have so many memories here I've lived on
this land since I was seven I've lost
two of my sons but losing my land and
just watching it be stolen from us hurts
my heart even more
some Israelis feel they have a right to
the land and refer to the territory by
its biblical names kogas that either law
the legalization bill does not offer any
hope until they annexed all of Judea and
Samaria and Jerusalem in an organized
way to the State of Israel and
understand after 50 years that the time
has come that one state and one
government will take the law into its
there is opposition to the proposals
from some Israeli lawmakers and in the
past officials including Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu have warned that
introducing the law could see Israeli
officials prosecuted in the
International Criminal Court did all the
cannon walked in the Sun had wisdom or
these lands were always full of crops we
grapes and figs they removed them all
all were completely demolished they
denied the people of all its goodness
and deprived them of their jobs this
affects the movement and the presence of
Palestinian citizens in the area by the
settlers military training and the
closing of roads
barring intervention from Israeli
government leaders the controversial
bill is expected to pass if passed many
experts say it would inevitably be
challenged before the Israeli High Court
Sarah Jones TRT world
[Music]