meanwhile in Sor in Israel civilians
could be in the direct line of offensive
they've now been evacuated Israel is
ensuring that its civilians are
evacuated from the areas that could be
in the direct line of fire gorov Savant
has been reporting from that location
from Ground Zero here's what he found
out how is that evacuation taking
place sedot has a population of about
30,000 people a large number of people
had already left his place after Hamas
terrorist had struck Sedro on the 7th of
October but after that those who
remained are now being asked to leave
those who were able to leave on their
own have been told to leave and those
who were unable to leave their own uh
buses like this one have been arranged
for them in the past uh 1 hour several
buses have evacuated the elderly the
women and the children because most of
the men are already uh at the front
lines in this war against Hamas with the
largest mobilization of close to three
lakh soldiers on ground even as
evacuation was happening uh a short
while back there was uh an alarm and an
alert and uh uh a rocket was fired by
Hamas though intercepted by the Iron
Dome however there are reports that some
Rockets have injured locals in this area
and damaged property as of now the
situation in this part of Southern
Israel is extremely precarious extremely
tense uh large number of people have
been evacuated in sedr a large number of
people have been evacuated even in
Escalon both these places directly in
the line of Hamas Fire And ahead of
Israeli ground forces moving into the
Gaza Strip all these areas are being
completely evacuated India Today
continues to report from ground zero to
get you the latest G of sa instead rot
Southern Israel for India
today but what about the ground ground
attack where the tanks are clearly being
mobilized by the Israeli military on the
Gaza Strip border India Today continues
to get you the latest from on the ground
ashutosh Mishra ashra vanani and gorov
saan sending us this report take a
look
[Music]
for
[Music]
a
[Applause]
[Music]
Ro