this extraordinary row over the Home
Secretary began with a simple question
should the prop Palestinian March this
Saturday which is armis day be allowed
to happen when the Home Secretary thinks
the police should ban it the police say
there's no legal justification to do
that well we ask the public do you think
the protest should be allowed to go
ahead or should they be banned and this
is what they said half of all Britain
think Saturday's protest should be
banned it is a clear preference to the
34% who said they should be allowed to
go ahead that 50% basically agreeing
with the home secretary's position if
not necessarily her rhetoric now Britain
feels a bit tense right now with
Everything feels a bit divisive it's
because we are still very divided this
shows support for Israel and Palestine
dating back to May before the attacks
you can see what's happened since then
at that time nearly half of people
didn't know what they thought about the
issue now a third of people say they
support both sides but if you look at
support for either Israel or Palestine
well that hasn't really budged it has
fluctuated a little bit but both sides
have that core entrenched support
speaking to that division you can map it
across age and political divides it is
there too conservative voters are more
likely to support Israel that's here in
the blue than they are Palestine but
labor voters beneath them much more
likely to support Palestine in the green
same goes for age the younger you are
the more you tend to support Palestine
so over here up at the top there's huge
support for Palestine very little for
Israel and blue you go all day you come
down this and it tends to go the other
way round so those divisions are there
and the public seem to be a bit further
away from their political leaders
positions too both the Prime Minister
the leader of the opposition support
Israel's actions but the Public's
preference here is for opposition to
Israel's actions and a full ceas fire so
from the leadership to the public the
data shows that increasingly we are at
odds with each other