we are carefully evaluating all aspects
of the unfolding situation in that
region our defense forces are taking
necessary measures India is not a part
of any multilateral initiative or
operation presently in around the Red
[Music]
Sea
[Music]
[Music]
last week course we asked a question
about uh Communications between India
and the United States regarding this
Maritime task force that was set up
operation Prosperity Guardian do you
have any updates regarding those
conversations about India potentially
helping out of this task force for do
together with other
countries you we didn't say potentially
joining and all uh so your question was
the last part was you have any update on
India joining the task force yes look on
that I think we discussed uh last week
right on what are the possibilities that
could happen let me just reiterate where
we stand uh as we said earlier we value
uh the free movement of commercial
shipping uh which is one of the
fundamental principles underpinning
Global Commerce we are carefully
evaluating all aspects of the unfolding
situation in that region our defense
forces are taking necessary measures in
this regard and in that context I would
also like to say I'm I'm not in
agreement whether we are in a position
to defend or not but but I'm not aware
that India is part of any multilateral
initiative or operation presently in or
around uh the Red Sea so let me clarify
that India is not a part of any
multilateral initiative or operation
presently in around the Red Sea
um are we in talks with other countries
somebody ask you asked or similarly look
as I said we are carefully evaluating
all aspects of that but uh what was your
question on
talks yeah similar yeah as I said we are
our defense uh forces are taking
necessary measures we are as you know in
the past we have taken measures to
ensure safe movement of shipping uh we
have been coordinating with other
countries in the past but uh his
specific query was are we part of
multilateral initiatives right now no we
not not in the Red Sea
area