now the United Nations special
representative on sexual violence and
conflict has informed the UNC that there
are reasonable grounds to believe that
the conflict related sexual violence
including rape and gang rape happened on
the 7th of October listen to what's
being said we found that there are
reasonable grounds to believe that
conflict related sexual violence
including rape and gang rape occurred in
at least three locations namely the Nova
music Festival site and its surroundings
Road 232 and kibuts R in most of these
incidents victims were first subjected
to rape then
killed now the Iran nation's top
official and sexual violence in conflict
is also said that her team found some
clear and convincing information that
sexual violence had been committed
against the
hostages na patan's team visited the
state of Israel on the 29th of January
the 14th of February their mission was
to gather analyze and verify information
on sexual violence linked to the 7th of
October attacks however pra pner said
that these findings are not enough for
hostilities to continue she's also
called for a humanitarian Seas fire the
special Representatives meet with the
UNC was requested by the United Kingdom
the United States and France Israel's
foreign minister Israel cats reiterated
calls for the release of hostages as he
accused used the sexual crimes committed
by Hamas were worse than the terror
actions carried out by alqaeda ISIS and
other Terror organizations this of
course was a statement by the Israeli
representative of the UN the United
Nations meeting took place against the
backdrop of the rising hunger in the
Gaza Strip the Muslims around the world
are celebrating the holy month of
Ramadan and Israel has continued to
block food and other humanitarian Aid
into the besieged Gaza Enclave which has
been cut off from the rest of the world
at least for the last 5 months the Iran
Nations has already warned about the
risk of famine in the Gaza
Strip and I repeat as many of you have
said an immediate
ceasefire but n netanyahu's political
survival requires for the onslaught to
continue and so so here we are 5 months
later with a genocide underway before
the eyes of the world and with no end in
sight Von is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the move