and we've got some news that's coming in
at the top of this are chilling details
of the Israel hostage situation Israeli
forces say that over 200 people have
been abducted by Hamas IDF says at least
30 children have been abducted by Hamas
terrorists Israeli forces say the 20
hostages are senior citizens so Israel
they putting some details out as far as
the hostages that have been taken by
Hamas terrorists from Israeli territory
on October 7 when they attacked Israel
it was a surprise attack they took
hostages back into the Gaza Strip now
Israeli forces there saying over 200
were abducted by Hamas 30 children and
20 are said to be senior citizens my
colleague our Foreign Affairs editor
Gita moan is joining me with the phone
line right now Gita some very disturbing
details there emerging of the hostages
that were taken by
heras well that's right it is quite
disturbing also unprecedented in the
manner in which Hamas has carried out
this entire operation Israelis now in
Gaza have taken hostage in itself is a
very big deal Israel has already said
that there can be no compromise on
Return of the hostages and now the
Israeli Defense Forces as IDF has
released uh latest information and
updates on over 200 people who've been
kidnapped by the Hamas which says about
uh around 30 are children up to the age
of 18 poy and and then 10 to 20 of them
are elderly people aged 60 and above uh
there is also a holocaust Survivor most
of the abues they say are alive but
there are also bodies that were abducted
to Gaza meaning bodies taken away uh for
uh for them also to be returned is
something that Israel will be uh
fighting for so a very very severe
situation also uh one that uh really
brings home the point of how vulnerable
Israel really is when it comes to it C
and the fact that right now they're
battling a major hostage crisis that's
right Gita Mand sharing all of those
details uh that the IDF has now put out
in the public domain as far as hostages
that are being held by Hamas in the Gaza
Strip