a truce in the Israel Hamas war is
extending into a fifth day as the two
sides completed their fourth exchange of
captives from Gaza for the release of
Palestinians held in Israeli jails
Israel had said it would extend the
ceasefire by one day for every 10
additional captives released by the
Hamas Monday's extension then is good
news for anyone concerned about the
humanitarian conditions and plight of
prisoners and hostages but the bigger
questions about the war's path and the
future of Gaza remain as unclear as they
were when this pause began Hamas
terrorists are still holding well over
100 hostages in Gaza mosta Israeli or
dual citizens but a number of other
nationalities are included in that group
including laborers from countries like
Thailand and the Philippines more than a
dozen of those foreigners were released
over the weekend as we had reported but
at this pace of exchange this ceasefire
could continue for days given the number
of hostages still in Gaza but there is
no agreed upon framework for a long-term
deal and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Nathan yahu has insisted that the war
will go on after this current ceasefire
concludes while the prisoner exchange
could strengthen hamas's political
position further complicating Israel's
goal to eradicate the group Israel
appears undeterred meanwhile the
committee to protect journalists has
said 57 journalists have been killed
since the start of this Israel Hamas war
in terms of aid the United Nations has
used the lull in fighting to increase
urgent aid deliveries to gazans but has
warned that these Consignments are just
a drop in the ocean while describing the
extension of this truth as a glimpse of
hope in humanity the UN Secretary
General actually said two more days was
not enough time to meet gaza's aid needs
meanwhile on the ground in Gaza strong
winds and heavy rain have worsened
conditions for tens of thousands of
gazans who are living in tense as we
speak Israel's intense bombing of the
densely populated Gaza Strip has
resulted in 46,000 homes destroyed and
more than 2ak 34,000 homes damaged
that's about 60% of the entire housing
stock in Gaza as per the UN