if the actions of Israel continue
unrestrained as they have since its
birth as a state and they continue to
receive the indiscriminate support of
States like Germany then a new
generation of Palestinians will rise up
again in the near future and we will
hear a future Secretary General
conventing this did not happen in
aaku
be
president members of the court if the
actions of Israel continue unrestrained
as they have since its birth as a state
and they continue to receive the
indiscriminate support of States like
Germany then a new generation of
Palestinians will rise up again in the
near future and we will hear a future
Secretary General conventing this did
not happen in aaku the case before the
court is an opportunity to break this
vicious cycle without support of States
like Germany Israel would not feel they
can act with total impunity Nicaragua is
hopeful that states particularly with
the history of Germany will he heed the
decisions of this court States like
Germany that sympathize with what the
state of Israel Israel was meant to
represent when it was created should be
doing their best to put a stop to what
is happening and not continue backing
Israel in practice even though they now
at least in public perhaps forced by the
enormous public outry make statements
for peace 6 months after the start of
the massacre it is indeed a pathetic
excuse to the P Palestinian children
women and men in Gaza to provide
humanitarian Aid in including through
air drops on the one hand and to furnish
the weapons and military equipment that
are used to kill and enate them and to
kill also humanitarian Aid workers as
most recently evidenced by the missile
attack against vehicles and workers of
world Central Kitchen on the other
hand
Germany does not and never did violate
the genocide convention nor
International humanitarian law either
directly nor
indirectly Nicaragua's presentation was
grossly biased and we will be telling
you tomorrow how we fully live up to our
responsibilities
be