with just a couple of days left in the
temporary truce between Israel and Hamas
every minute becomes precious but then
why did yesterday's hostage release get
delayed now here is a quick run through
of the main events that transpired the
second exchange of Israeli hostages for
Palestinian prisoners was scheduled to
take place at around 4 p.m. local time
yesterday but it was delayed for several
hours hamama claimed that Israel failed
to comply with the terms regarding the
entry of relief trucks into the northern
regions of the Gaza Strip as well as the
agreed upon criteria for releasing
prisoners so it decided to delay the
second release after a brief disruption
in the second relief of hostages qatar's
foreign Ministry spokesperson shared the
information that 13 Israelis and four
foreigners have been handed over by
Hamas to to International Committee of
the Red Cross and that this hicka B
delay was overcome by Qatar and Egypt's
mediation to provide quick aid delivery
to
gazans now earlier on Friday a convoy of
about 150 trucks entered Gaza through
the Rua Crossing and delivered aid
supplies to warehouses in southern Gaza
this was followed by the entry of seven
truckloads of fuel and 100 trucks
carrying medical supplies into Gaza
through the crossing yesterday now in
oppressor on Friday US President Joe
Biden admitted that the release of
American hostages is still in limbo as
Hamas has neither given a timeline of
release nor has shared the condition of
the
hostages Mr President when will the
first American hostages be released
since none were included today we don't
know when that will occur but we're
going to be expect it to occur and uh we
don't know what the list of all the
hostages are and when they'll be
released but we know the numbers they're
going to be released so is my hope and
expectation will be soon and of the time
Americans that are unaccounted for do
you know all of their conditions are
they all alive we don't know all their
conditions on the same issue a former US
president Donald Trump took to the
social media platform truth social and
called called out the American
leadership for not doing enough to
ensure the timely release of us hostages
from
[Applause]
[Music]
Hamas we are now available in your
country download the app now get all the
news on the move