moving on and talking about Israel well
Israel has announced that Indian workers
will assist the nation's construction
industry to this end over 6,000 Indian
workers are scheduled to land in Israel
between April and May this is an attempt
to tackle a labor deficit triggered by
the ongoing war with Hamas the workers
are being transported to Israel under a
government to government or G2G
agreement between the two Nations a
statement by the Israeli government
disclosed that the workers will be
transported via an air shuttle this
after Israel agreed to subsidize
chartered flights for this purpose the
statement also said that this is the
largest number of foreign workers
arriving in Israel to Aid the
construction sector in a short time
Israel is facing a significant shortage
of foreign workers amidst the ongoing
War a majority of these workers about
80,000 of them originally hailed from
the West Bank an additional 177,000 came
from the Gaza Strip
however the conflict has led to to the
revocation of work permits for most of
them this has exacerbated the labor
shortage in the
country during a telephonic conversation
in December last year prime minister
Narendra Modi and Benin Netanyahu
discussed advancing Indian workers to is
Israel last Tuesday the first batch of
64 construction workers from India
reached Israel as part of the agreement
a total of 850 workers are expected to
land in the West West Asian country by
mid
April in recent months over 900
construction workers from India have
already gone to Israel from India
through the B2B route apart from India
and Sri Lanka about 7,000 workers have
come from China and around 6,000 from
Eastern
Europe
for all the latest news download the
weon app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel