streams of water ran through a un
shelter in K Yunis in southern Gaza on
Tuesday after Heavy Rain the downpour
brought with it new concerns and
challenges for Palestinians many of whom
are homeless and living in makeshift
tents after weeks of Israeli
bombardment fu is one of
them winter is a nightmare the situation
we're facing now will be a nightmare in
the past I used to wish for winter to
arrive and for the rain to fall for the
trees to start to blossom and grow so
that we can Harvest when everything
looks so beautiful but right now I pray
every day for it not to rain we are
living in tents nothing that can protect
us when the rain falls we will
drown the start of the rainy season and
the possibility of flooding increased
fears that the already damaged Enclave
sewage system will be overwhelmed and
then disease will
spread Winters can be wet and cold in
Gaza and The Enclave is sometimes hit by
flooding Julet Tuma is a director of
communications at the UN Palestinian
refugee agency when I would go to Gaza
and there would be just a few drops of
rain the streets would just flood
because the systems are not good enough
to absorb and and do all the you know
the absorption and all the sewage and
and and water management and all of this
so the the streets would really flood
this is in a normal day the World Health
Organization said last week that Gaza
faced an increased risk of disease
spreading because Israeli air
bombardments had disrupted the health
system the air strikes have also limited
access to clean water and caused people
to crowd in shelters wh spokesperson
Margaret Harris we're very concerned
we've already got outbreaks of diarrheal
diseases we've already got um record
well over 30,000 cases when we would
normally expect 2,000 cases in the same
period the Norwegian Refugee Council
said the start of the rainy season could
Mark the most difficult week in Gaza
since the conflict began and other Aid
agencies have said trying to Simply meet
the daily needs of gazans has meant
they've been unable to plan ahead for
potential
flooding Israel vowed to wiped out Hamas
after the October 7th attack over 1,200
people were killed and about 240 were
taken hostage according to
Israel Medical officials in Hamas rang
Gaza say over 11,000 people have been
killed in Israel strikes since
then