namid saw her intentions between
Israelis and Palestinians U.S Secretary
of State Anthony blinken is headed to
Egypt at the start of his West Asia trip
where he will reportedly try to
de-escalate the situation in Egypt
Lincoln is expected to discuss Regional
issues such as Libya and Sudan
and this is according to reports the
violence in Palestine and Israel is also
likely
to figure or to be brought in the talks
between blinken and Egyptian president
Abdel fatah al-sisi Egypt's traditional
role as a mediator in Palestine Israel
conflict has helped CeCe remain a key
U.S partner despite President Joe
Biden's criticism of his human rights
record after Egypt blinken will travel
to Jerusalem and Ramallah on Monday and
Tuesday and meet Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian
leader Mahmoud Abbas although blinken's
visit was long planned since the
formation of Israel's new right-wing
government in December the trip has
assumed more agency after some of the
vast violence in years a Palestinian
gunman on Friday killed seven people
outside a synagogue in a settler
neighborhood of East Jerusalem and
another attack followed on Saturday on
Thursday nine people were killed in an
Israeli Army raid on the Janine refugee
camp in the West Bank in one of the
deadliest such operations in years
the United States with its close
relationship to Israel has historically
taken a lead on diplomacy in the region
Lincoln's visit is part of an effort by
the Biden Administration to engage with
Netanyahu who is leading the most
right-wing government in Israel's
history Lincoln is expected to reiterate
U.S support for a Palestinian State a
prospect that is unlikely to advance
under the new Israeli government the U.S
state Department says blinken would also
call for the preservation of the status
quo at the flashpoint Al-Aqsa mosque
compound which is holy both to Jews and
Muslims
Leon is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move
[Music]