we begin in the middle east where the
israeli cabinet has announced it's
agreed to a 24-hour extension of a
cease-fire earlier hamas militants
started firing rockets towards israel
just as the original cease-fire expired
so far no indications that hamas has
agreed to the extension meantime the
world continues to protest the crisis
in toronto hundreds of demonstrators
took to the streets to call for an end
to what they see is israel's aggression
in gaza
they were met by a group of israeli
supporters
in paris violence broke out as
protesters defied a ban to attend a
pro-gaza rally in that city our paul
johnson begins our coverage on the
crisis and the efforts to bring it all
to an end
returning to what's left of their homes
palestinians took advantage of the
precious few hours of the cease-fire
today to gather what they can of their
belongings israeli air strikes appear to
have leveled entire city blocks in gaza
making it look like a place from another
age
meantime in paris foreign ministers led
by u.s secretary of state john kerry
pushed for a more permanent truce but
the core issues remain unsolved
israel can't live with the tunnels and
rocket fire from hamas and hamas can't
accept the future where the tiny gaza
strip is blockaded by israel so the
talking continues so that the needs are
met and we have an ability to provide
security for israel
and a future economic and social and
otherwise development for the
palestinians
as more violence looms
voices from both sides share their
stories like this palestinian man who
spoke with us over the phone this week
the situation is
terrible the sounds of the large
explosions are
heard everywhere making all the children
and all the parents frightened
unfortunately uh
there is no uh
good way to calm children when when they
just continue to hear the bumping and
the chilling
and uh
you know the reality speaks for itself
sometimes
just a few kilometers away israeli
civilians were delivering food and water
to their soldiers explaining their side
of this tragic and seemingly endless
conflict we love our soldiers we hate
the killing
we also have a pity for other people in
gaza but what can we do when they start
loving their children more than they
hate jews it will be maybe maybe we'll
come to any solution
paul johnson global news washington