in Jordan US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin met with foreign ministers from
Arab states in the region who are
pushing for an Israeli ceasefire this is
our position that a ceasefire is
imperative to deal with the consequences
the humanitarian consequences of this
conflict but the United States Canada
and many other Western countries say
they cannot ask Israel for a ceasefire
it's our view that uh a ceasefire now
would simply leave
Hamas in place able to regroup and
repeat what it did on October
7th indeed Hamas which Canada says is a
terrorist organization has vowed to do
just that one of its top officials told
Lebanese TV last week it would repeat
the October 7th attacks again and again
and again the US preference and canid is
for what is being called a humanitarian
pause a brief cessation of military
operations We Believe pauses can be a
critical mechanism for protecting
civilians for getting Aid in for getting
foreign Nationals out while still
enabling Israel to achieve its
objectives to defeat
Hamas but Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu rejected what he
called quote a temporary humanitarian
ceasefire offer until the hostages held
by Hamas are released Lincoln also
praised Arab leaders in the region
saying they have played an essential
role in helping to prevent conflict in
Gaza from spreading but at the end of
the meeting Arab leaders were calling on
the US to push Israel to do more this
war is just going to produce more pain
for Palestinians for Israelis and this
is going to push us all again into the
abys of hatred and dehumanization that
will make killing even more more
acceptable so that needs to stop that's
our priority blinkin is now Bound for
turkey the only NATO Ally that is also a
Muslim majority Nation where protesters
on Saturday were waiting to greet him
David Aken Global News