the big question is is the war in West
Asia changing years now the fear of the
Gaza War escalating even further is
increasing as within 24 hours of US
forces shooting down 11 drones fired by
houti rebels over the Red Sea the
command of the US Army Central Command
is expected to visit Israel today to
discuss the threat of an Iranian attack
against Israel according to reports the
centcom chief General Michael corilla is
expected to meet as R's defense min
UF Galant and IDF Chief of Staff hery
Hali along with senior IDF officials the
expected meeting comes against the
backdrop of us and Israel preparing for
a possible Iranian
attack the two allies fear that tan
might attack Israel using ballistic
missiles drones and cruise missiles the
rising tensions in the region are also
playing out on the maritime front the
war in West Asia has spilled over over
into the Red Sea in the latest the
United States has shot down 11 drones
belonging to Yemen's iran-backed houti
Rebels after the group claimed it had
targeted Israeli and American vessels
off the Gulf of Aden according to the
United States Central Command its forces
shot down three drones launched from
houi controlled areas on Wednesday
morning and later in the day America
said it shot down eight more drones the
Downing of drones by the United States
comes after the houis had carried out
attacks on vessels that targeted two
Israeli ships as well as an american
commercial vessel and a US warship in
the Gulf of
aen the attack on the vessel comes as
part of huti's stated campaign of
solidarity with Palestinians in Gaza
since October 7th according to reports
the rebel group has targeted more than
40 vessels in the globally critical
Waterway encapsulating the current
challenges faced by one of the glob
busiest shipping
routs for all the latest news download
the weon app And subscribe to our
YouTube channel