a number of students have been arrested
in the occupied West Bank as Israeli
forces carry out their nightly raids the
Army raided the campus of the Anja
University in nabas where activists were
staging a Sittin Israeli troops killed
five Palestinians across the occupied
West Bank on Sunday including two in
albida near ramala a 14-year-old was
also killed at the Ein Sultan refugee
camp near Jericho wellham salute joins
us live now from occupied East jusin at
Hamas so what more can you tell us about
these latest raids
we're following several raids across the
occupied West Bank and several villages
on the outskirts of ramala in Bethlehem
in heon kilia Jericho and nais where
Israeli forces stormed the campus of the
anah University where students were
staging a sit in protest the president
of the university has recently said that
all Communications has been cut off in
and around the campus and students are
saying upwards of 25 of them have been
arrested additionally all the students
who were there received a text message
from Israeli forces telling them to
quote surrender now also happening in
kilia several different reports of
Israeli military entering in large
numbers with several bulldozers and
that's because they demolished two homes
of two different freed Palestinian
Prisoners the Israeli Army says that
these homes were built without a permit
additionally earlier in the day in B
near that illegal settlement to
Palestinian teenagers shot and killed by
the Israeli military Israeli forces
releasing a statement claiming that the
two teens were quote preparing to throw
Molotov cocktails at an army base near
ramala now the family say that one of
those bodies was withheld by the
occupation forces but they were both
since released to their families but
when they were going to retrieve them
from the ambulances the ambulances and
the families were both shot at now these
are all developing situations across the
occupied West Bank as we do understand
now there is an ongoing raid in Janine
all right ham salute live for us there
in occupied East Jerusalem hamda thank
you