we're in God's video this is the 30th
anniversary of the loss
this party is incredibly popular you
look around there are hundreds of
thousands of people many of them waving
[Music]
why do you support Hamas Hamas and
Chanukah Tandy MCSE I need family but at
the ILO Tandy masquerade
sir I didn't ask just who is Fatah who
is Hamas the two largest parties on and
off movements are Fatah and Hamas that
represents the most secular and Hamas
represents the more religious component
of Palestinian politics Fatah has the
oldest party it started in the 60s that
became the backbone of the Palestine
Liberation Organization the PLO and the
PLO is a coalition of all the different
parties Hamas is a newcomer
Hamas is an offshoot of the Muslim
Brotherhood with the failure of the
agenda of the PLO the negotiations that
accepted the two-state solution
Hamas became stronger the PLO fractions
became weaker
after it won elections in Gaza during
the conflict in 2007 Hamas took over all
the offices by - there were many people
who were killed
since this bloody conflict Hamas has
been largely confined to Gaza by Israeli
forces while Fattah controls the
remaining Palestinian territories
mahmoud al sahara is one of the original
founders of hamas and remains a senior
figure within the organization what is
the relationship right now between Hamas
and Fatah Fateh committed a big crime
big national crime against their own
people when they resorted to what is
called peace process and spent all these
years without telling the people that we
fail to achieve our Basel demand the
resistance program is now collecting
many people most of the groups other
organizations now they change their
attitude from profit into bravas from
draw peace process into bro resistance
you
[Music]