so I was wondering why Palestinians are
giving their children names such as
bisan yafa janin haa and
Rafa well I did some digging online and
discovered that the reason Palestinians
give these names to their children is
deeply rooted in Palestinian identity
now it turns out Palestinian parents
name their children after cities for two
reasons one to safeguard their Heritage
Amit Israel's attempt at erasing
Palestinian history and two to openly
challenge the Israeli occup ation and
its historical
narrative okay let's talk about how all
this happened so these are actual names
of cities in historical Palestine before
1948 when the Israeli Yami brutally
forced over 700,000 Palestinians out of
their ancestral land in a mass expulsion
known as the nakba ever since
Palestinians have endured various forms
of unspeakable violence and oppression
especially after 1967 when Israel began
its occupation of territories
internationally designated as
Palestinian now that's not all in 2009
Israel's then minister of Transportation
Israel cats went so far as to switch
Arabic and English road signs to Hebrew
even changing Jerusalem to jerus for
example in a blatant attempt to erase
Palestinian history in the occupied
Palestinian territories now as a
response Palestinians reinitiated the
tradition of naming their children after
historical Palestinian cities in order
to pass their Collective Heritage onto
younger Generations what adds an
intriguing layer to this tradition is
that a significant number of the
children bearing these Palestinian city
names have never set foot in the cities
they are named after due to Israel's
blockade of Gaza and its stringent
restrictions on the movement of
Palestinians in the occupied territories