let's shift our Focus now hopes of
another hostage deal have renewed have
been renewed in the ongoing Israel Hamas
War as both Waring parties have agreed
for ceasefire talks Hamas Chief isma Han
is set to visit Egypt on Wednesday he's
due to meet Egyptian intelligence Chief
to discuss a new agreement this comes
after the trilateral meet between the
heads of Israel's mad and the United
States CIA with Kat Premier in warso as
per reports citing sources close to the
talks these talks were positive but the
deal might not be
imminent and while efforts on a
ceasefire continue a United Nations
security Council vote on Gaza has been
delayed for the second consecutive day
the vote has been delayed as the UAE and
the United States are struggling to
agree on language that cites A cation of
hostilities and a proposal to set up un
Aid monitoring meanwhile Israeli Army
says it is advancing in the South as
well as north of Gaza the IDF red and
detained staff at at least two of the
last functioning hospitals in Northern
Gaza Israel's defense minister says
troops are working to completely clear
out Hamas militants from the
area
this is the Israeli Army has intensified
action in southern gaza's Kanon City
They carried out more deadly strikes
here on Tuesday the IDF says it added an
entire Brigade and additional forces to
the offensive in the area Palestine red
crescent society says at least eight
Palestinians were killed and 34 wounded
in central Gaza on Tuesday as for the h
Master on health Ministry nearly 20,000
gazin have been killed so
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
far on the other hand Palestinian
militant group Islamic Jihad has
released a video of two hostages
pleading to be freed the two elderly men
in the video called for increasing
pressure on the Israeli authorities to
sure their release this video has been
released a day after a similar video was
shared by Hamas showing three elderly
Israeli hostages pleading for their
release meanwhile Yemen's Hui Rebels
have now reacted to the United States 10
member Coalition in the Red Sea formed
to deal with their threat the Iran back
tribals say the International Coalition
it's part of aggression against
Palestinians and contradicts
international law the huis are warned
that any country that acts against them
will have its ships targeted
[Music]
[Music]
for