now as months of clashes continuing the
occupied West Bank Israeli forces killed
three armed Palestinians in two separate
attacks here's a report
as an election looms over Israel
escalating violence in the occupied West
Bank is front and center
these are not photos of politicians
rather they're the faces of the more
than 100 Palestinians killed this year
most since late March during a Crackdown
by Israeli police following a string of
fatal Street attacks by Palestinians in
Israel which killed 19 people ahead of
the November 1 election prime minister
yair lapid has backed a two-state
solution with an independent Palestinian
State alongside Israel which ceased
control of the West Bank in the 1967
Middle Eastern War but with more and
more Israeli settlements being built
Palestinians living in sprawling refugee
camps are weary of political Solutions
Rafa taser is a Palestinian resident of
nablis the Palestinians and the
Palestinian blood are the card used for
the past 15 years since it was used by
former prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
during his election campaign by
expressing to the Israeli right wing
that he will build more settlements on
Palestinian land and how he will raid
cities it's all at the expense of
Palestinian blood we are Freedom
Fighters but unfortunately the whole
world sees us as terrorists the
Palestinian who is now a fighter aged 20
22 25 years old didn't yet see a
successful political process he only
witnessed killings and raids
top of mind for most Israeli voters is
the soaring cost of living according to
surveys
Palestinian issues barely register as an
election issue though settlers in the
West Bank are calling for a Crackdown
[Music]
yossi Degen head of the Samaria Regional
Council called for Action while at a
protest after a car was fired on at a
settlement near Nablus
[Music]
we're in the midst of a wave of Terror
courtesy of the terrorist Palestinian
Authority and all our government is
doing instead of fighting the terrorism
confiscating weapons reinstating
roadblocks is writing talkbacks like
some pensioner while Israeli officials
blame the Palestinian Authority the PA
say their hands are tied by Israel
and despite the growing violence raising
International alarm
there are no signs of a wider political
solution in the conflict
[Music]