what is the Israeli Palestinian conflict
and what does Hamas want here's what you
need to know don't worry we're going to
make it simple Israel was officially
established as a country in 1948 to
provide a safe haven for Jewish people
after 6 million Jews were murdered by
the Nazis in the Holocaust but while
there had long been Jewish people in the
area at the time there was an Arab
majority as well as minorities including
Christians and together these people
were called Palestinians who didn't want
to give up their land to establish a
Jewish State Britain which had ruled the
area as part of its Empire proposed
creating another country for
Palestinians that would exist alongside
Israel this would be called Palestine
but neighboring Arab countries rejected
the plan they said Palestine should
cover the whole area including Israel so
they went to war Israel not only won
that war it ended up controlling more
land than was originally planned fast
forward to today Palestinians mainly
live in two areas that were captured by
Israel in 1967 these are the West Bank
and the Gaza Strip the Israeli
government controls access to and
movement within these areas especially
Gaza which some human rights
organizations say is like an open prison
right now Gaza and the area around the
strip is the center of the fighting
since local elections in 2006 Hamas has
controlled Gaza but it's considered a
terrorist organization by countries
including the UK and the US Hamas does
not recognize Israel's right to exist
and believes that Palestine should cover
the whole area from the River Jordan to
the Mediterranean Sea both Hamas and
Israel have been accused of war crimes
for their attacks on civilians on both
sides of the conflict until now Israel
has been well defended with its powerful
military its spying organizations and
its Iron Dome which usually shoots down
Rockets from Gaza before they can hit
Israeli cities and that's partly why
this latest attack from Hamas is so
shocking it's bigger than anything
that's come before and it looks like no
one on the Israeli side even saw it
coming Hamas has killed hundreds of
civilians and soldiers and taken dozens
more hostage Israel has responded by
killing hundreds of people in
Gaza