Russian President Vladimir Putin
addressed the Gaza crisis in a phone
call with Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu the conversation
comes in the backdrop of a spiraling
humanitarian crisis for of over 2
million Palestinians living in the Gaza
Strip according to the kremling offering
a potential mediation in the ongoing War
Putin expressed Russia's willingness to
quote unquote work towards ending the
Palestinian Israeli confrontation and
achieving a peaceful settlement through
political and diplomatic means Putin had
previously drawn a parallel between
Israel's Siege on Gaza with that of
Leningrad by German armies during the
second world war the Russian president
had not shied away from also pointing
fingers at us essentially blaming the
Western superpower for a failed policy
in the Gulf
region Russia's hardened stance on the
Israel Palestine issue has also been
echoed by China just days ago China's
foreign minister had said that Israel's
Relentless air strikes on Gaza had gone
beyond the scope of self-defense and
that it should quote unquote stop
Collective punishment of the people of
Gaza both Beijing and Moscow have a
history of backing the Palestinian cause
for decades given the current
unprecedented conflict in West Asia the
two allies have not shied away from
calling out Israel on its military
escalation in the Gaza Strip many
experts say that China stance can be
seen as an attempt to offset concerned
Arab voices that have raised the issue
of how Beijing has been treating the
Muslim ethnic
Eagles additionally West Asian countries
also provide a majority of China's oil
supplies which may have influenced the
Asian superpowers stance in the ongoing
War
[Music]