the White House on Tuesday said its
Middle East Envoy Brett mcer was in
Cairo for what it called quote active
discussions aimed at securing the
release of hostages held by Hamas and
Gaza and securing a humanitarian pause
in Israel's
assault Brett is in the region uh he was
in Cairo today as a matter of fact and
he'll have other stops along the way
here's White House National Security
spokesperson John Kirby the discussions
are sober and serious uh again I don't
want to get ahead of where we are or
give you
I can't give you odds on on on if and
when we'll be able to get there but the
conversations are very sober and serious
about trying to get another hostage deal
news of the talks comes a day after a
report from axios saying Israel sent a
proposal to Hamas through mediators in
qar and Egypt offering a multiphase
pause of up to two months in exchange
for the release of all remaining
hostages a representative of cutter said
mediation efforts were ongoing and Kirby
on Tuesday would not say if the report
was
accurate more than 100 hostages were
released in a 7-Day ceasefire late last
year but more than 100 are believed
still held captive and their families
are turning to protest against the
government we wake up we see what the
our prime minister says we see what the
Qatar says what the Americans say what
the abans say what Kamas say um every
day is a struggle every day is new eai
seagel is the nephew of Hostage Keith
seagull and spent a night in the cold
outside the prime min
residence we are where the prime
minister is during the week we are here
to haunt him and to remind him that his
job right now is to bring our loved ones
back and nothing else Israel has said
its operation in Gaza is aimed at
eradicating Hamas and returning all of
the hostages taken when gunmen from the
islamist group attacked Israeli
communities on October 7th killing 12200
people and taking 240
captives more than 25 ,000 Palestinians
have been killed since Israel embarked
on its war in Gaza there will be no
ceasefire that leaves the hostages in
Gaza and Hamas in power beyond that we
have nothing to elaborate an Israeli
government spokesperson on Tuesday
reiterated the country's objectives
ruling out any deal that left Hamas in
control of any part of
Gaza