it's the latest dire predicament for
gazin they were told to flee to the
central city of De albala for their own
safety but Israeli bombing is now
forcing them
out the Israeli Army threw leaflets on
us and we flp to ra looking for a safe
place we are a family of 30 to 40 people
we are looking for safety God willing
there will be safety
here the latest bombing is forcing
everything from bakeries to Aid
distribution centers to clothes and the
only functioning hospital here is
emptying out this hospital is currently
operating with about 30% of the staff
that it had just a few days ago um they
are seeing in some cases hundreds of
casualties every day to make matters
worse the World Health Organization said
it had to once again cancel its mission
of delivering humanitarian Aid to the
northern Gaza Strip
because of security problems US
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin is in
Tel Aviv now as Hamas launched another
round of rockets at Israel on Monday
blinkin says Regional leaders are
telling him they do support Israel's
demand to live free from attacks and
that Israel should be integrated with
its Arab neighbors but he also says they
want a post-war Gaza to be rebuilt by a
single Palestinian government with a
long-term two-state solution those are
conditions Israel has
resisted no one I talk to thinks any of
this will be easy um all recognize the
uh the hurdles and no one thinks that
anything will happen overnight linkoln
said he would again press the Israelis
to do better to limit civilian
casualties and US President Joe Biden
got an earful from Pro Palestinian
demonstrators on that while delivering a
campaign speech I understand their
passion and I've been quietly
working I've been quietly working with
the Israeli government to get them to
reduce and significantly get out of Gaza
Israel is reportedly beginning to shift
to more targeted attacks on Hamas but
still says it sees the conflict
continuing throughout
2024 Andy Rosen trt
world