we're
currently roaming the line the the the
separation line between Lebanon and
Israel if you can see this is the wall
just behind me here um the situation is
could be described as a t t scal so
people um seize the opportunity to come
to the villages to inspect the amount of
Destruction there were several Israeli a
strikes on um theid day but and also
several hisbah attacks however this
didn't really um prevent people from
coming here we we're also trying to
seize the opportunity to to come to this
area which has been away from the lens
for the past few months due to the huge
amount of bombardment daily bombardment
and
destruction this is this is the bord you
can see it's just on the other side it's
a very dangerous place maybe one of the
most dangerous places in the world and
we've come here for Al
jazer we are the only International
channel here today to show
you what's been happening on the borders
between Lebanon and Israel over the past
few
months I came to see my family and
celebrate e
here over here we hear the sound of war
planes and air strikes we are in the
town of AA one of the most destroyed
towns on the borders between Lebanon and
Israel everywhere it's been hit uh
either by planes as we are here right
now we can hear clearly the sound of
drones and uh over the past months it's
been six months since this war has
started it's been six months that has
been pounded with uh air strikes
artillery drones uh
uh tanks whatever every day on daily
basis this town has been uh hit and as
we can see it's it's really a a
destroyed area of course AA is not the
only Town On the Border in such a
situation that's also Marin there are
many other uh towns and as we showed you
in the past days nakura these are all
border towns where thousands of people
used to live where life used to be
normal before 6 months uh earlier and
now it's it's deserted and everyone is
gone many uh internally displaced uh
residents are in in in in several areas
around the country waiting till the end
of this conflict from sh Southern
Lebanon Ali Hashim Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer