out a possible diplomatic solution to
this war um and this is also coming at a
time when there is a situation of total
Siege of Gaza uh which is causing a
grave humanitarian crisis um as who has
been saying then how will this crisis be
resolved well you know I heard uh
President Biden a few times in the last
week or 10 days and in each and every
one of his statements he kept saying
that Israel has a full right to respond
to the atrocities committed by Hamas and
to reach out uh in an effective manner
uh in order to uh try and remove Hamas
from his position in Gaza so I don't
think that a diplomatic
compromise is aimed or is meant to be a
diplomatic compromise with Hamas I don't
think that Biden wants it and I don't
think that Abu maazin wants it certainly
not aisi and King
abdalah uh what we need to do is to try
and minimize the collateral damage
caused to innocent
civilians you must understand something
this is not a competition of who kills
more they killed 1,400 maybe 1500
Israeli civilians we are not interested
in killing one non involved civilian in
Gaza on the contrary we want to make
peace with them but there will never be
peace with the people living in Gaza in
as long as Hamas is in control of Gaza
so I know that there are uh innocent
people killed in Gaza the reason that we
wanted them to go out of the city into
the southern part of Gaza was in order
to separate them from the center of the
military activity against the heads of
Hamas they are all stationed in the
center of Gaza the headquarters the
bankers the
launchers the uh weapons of Hamas all
are in the center of Gaza in order to
effectively fight against them we need
to have the people living there going up
outside of the city for a short period
of time and we together with America and
together with the Egyptians and others
will take care of the humanitarian needs
of these people