one of the key announcements that at the
G20 Summit in New Delhi was that of an
economic Corridor between India West
Asia and Europe well a correspondent
Jody Cohen spoke to the National
Security advisor of Israel about the
same listen in
as National Security advisor what can
you tell us about this corridor from
India through West Asia to Europe and
also the potential for countries like
Iran and China to counter this new
corridor
we're very pleased with the new
announcement of the G20 in India it was
really a great surprise we had some
ideas and rumors before but we were
happy to see that this idea this Vision
that Israel is discussing for decades
already is going to become reality
India's involvement the Saudis
involvement of course Israel is a pivot
in this Vision making us feel great
about it we have to now bring it to life
to implement it and I'm optimistic that
it will happen I do think it's a sign
that it's more likely to lead to
normalization between Israel and Saudi
Arabia
it's a sign of normalization and of
course it's not a formal one I don't
know when we will be able to conduct
dialogue with the Saudis about it but
hopefully maybe through the American to
begin with later on with the Saudis
themselves we'll be able to implement
this great an ambitious idea and is
there a security aspect of the corridor
we've heard about energy transports
Communications is there a security
Alliance that's going to go with this of
course you must secure this
this Vision because it's not enough to
build it you need to defend it
I don't see any real problem when it
comes to the pipes because the pipes are
underneath the ground when it comes to
railway you always have to make sure the
railway is secured
it's not going to be I think a problem
in Saudi Arabia or in the Emirates it
might be a problem in Jordan where you
have sometimes enemies of peace and
progress in Israel I'm sure we will be
able to secure the railway in a hundred
percent success thank you very much
foreign
[Music]