flares light up the Gaza Skyline as
Israeli air strikes continue Into the
Night On The Ground the Grim aftermath
of an Israeli attack and conun bodies
pulled from the rubble of a home
neighbors helped to hold up concrete
slabs in hopes of finding
survivors we were sitting safe in our
homes and we were surprised by the fire
that hit the entire area this house is
full of children and the house next door
is my uncle's house and it was full of
children canun is the largest city in
southern Gaza and is firmly in the
crosshairs of the Israeli military the
military released its own video of the
latest barrage of strikes and of its
troops in the city Israel says it hit
450 Targets in Gaza in around 24 hours
as of Friday doubl the number typically
reported since the temporary truce
collapsed last week There's No safe
place nowhere to hide and very little to
eat about half of the population in gasa
are starving uh and
um the needs that we are meeting is
really nothing the humanitarian
operation uh is collapsing uh with the
chaos with this active fighting it's not
possible to do the work that is
needed in spite of limited Aid and the
lack of safe routes for civilians the
World Health Organization managed to
supply this field Hospital in communist
with medical supplies it cares for the
Overflow of injured from the hospital
next door the the hospital here is
congested there is no space at all
hundreds of patients are in corridors in
the balcon we cannot manage in this
situation because every hour we receive
uh newly injured patients the United
Nations says more than 80% of gaza's
population have been driven from their
homes underneath the heavy smoke
billowing across Gaza displaced
Palestinians struggle for Basic
Essentials some hope they'll find it
near the Rafa Crossing on the border
with Egypt where they wait as the UN
warns Gaza as tipping towards total
societal collapse Craig Boswell trt
world