the Syrian Army has accused Israel of
firing missiles killing two soldiers and
putting Damascus Airport out of service
the attack comes shortly after Israel's
incoming government take over the Reigns
or correspondent Jody Cohen sent us this
report take a look
dryness serious campus
months there has been no comments from
the Israel Defense Forces but in the
past Israel has suggested that it
targets weapons convoys headed from Iran
to its proxies across West Asia
[Music]
the strike comes one day after outgoing
defense minister Benny Gantz met with
his successor joov Gallant in a series
of tweets summing up his achievements
Gans said that Israel has pushed back
the Iranian entrenchment on its northern
border
the strike in Damascus comes one day
after Iran carried out a drill in which
it launched an explosive Laden Throne at
a simulated Israeli navy base
that's the Israeli government
swearing-in ceremony on Thursday new
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
identified Iran as his number one
priority
the first task is to frustrate Iran's
ability to develop a nuclear Arsenal
that will threaten us and the entire
world
meanwhile on Sunday Egyptian president
LCC calls Netanyahu to congratulate him
on becoming pm and urged him to refrain
from any measures that could inflame
Regional tensions largely understood to
relate to the Palestinians
according to an Israeli readout of the
call however the two leaders discussed
International and Regional developments
which are often understood to refer to
Iran UAE presidents Mohammed bin Zaid
also calls Netanyahu and invited him to
visit the trip is expected to take place
as early as next week and Iran is likely
to be on the agenda under the outgoing
Israeli government a new Regional
Alliance has reportedly been developed
to defend against perceived Iranian
Regional and nuclear Ambitions and under
the new government it appears this is
set to continue this is Jody Cohen for
we on world as one
foreign