well following 15 weeks of protests
against the Israeli government's
controversial judicial overhaul plans
some protesters are reportedly planning
to break a long-standing taboo for
testing during Israel's forthcoming
Remembrance Day national holiday our
correspondent Jody Cohen sent us this
report take a look
around is Israel's Memorial Day for the
country's fallen soldiers and victims of
Terror attacks
the event has historically been
considered a day that unifies the nation
and keeps out Politics on this day
bereaved families and friends visit the
graves of loved ones and ministers often
speak at ceremonies held at the
cemeteries
however this year bereaved families are
divided over whether or not ministers
should attend with some supporting the
government's judicial reform plans and
others strongly opposed to them
the kibbetts movement said it has
excluded defense minister joov gallant
and opposition MP Alan Schuster from
appearing at their memorial event
following pressure from bereaved
families government officials are
meeting with the families to discuss the
issue I spoke with some people
protesting at the intersection between
ranana and far Sabha I think Memorial
Day ceremonies are a time where the
whole country needs to come together and
be united we lost my grandfather in the
independence War he came after surviving
the Holocaust when he fought the War and
he died
the time that politicians would be
prevented
Memorial Day events and Ellie Ben Sherm
chair of the largest bereaved family
organization in Israel has even called
for MPS to keep away from commemoration
ceremonies he told local media that
there are six politicians in particular
who didn't serve in the Israel Defense
Forces who the bereaved families do not
want to attend suggesting that if they
attend in places like ranana kyria Gat
or hovot where opposition is high
families would cause disturbances this
is Jody current for we on world as one
foreign
[Music]