with the world's attention on Gaza and
the humanitarian crisis there violence
has also erupted in the Israeli occupied
West Bank some 50 miles away extremist
Jewish settler attacks on Palestinians
there have surged cbs's Raman asencio
reports from the Jordan
Valley families attacked and livestock
killed Palestinian shepherds in the West
Bank are being driven from their homes
by militant Israeli settlers it disturbs
me it upsets me Israeli American Ellie
Charlotte is helping protect these
Palestinians a volunteer with the Jordan
Valley activists I empathize with them
so much because I see our people doing
the same thing that was done to us for
so long to other people Charlotte is one
of about two 100 volunteers including
several Americans documenting settlers
on a mission to seize Palestinian lands
it's cleansing these lands of this
population ethnic cleansing yeah I think
that term is is
accurate bring into action anytime to
terrorize here young men unafraid to
show their faces to the shepherd who
film them ban Bashar a 49-year-old sheep
herder is that
man they came to my house day and night
for 40 days last year he said how does
that make you
feel my two children my wife we're all
afraid but he says he won't leave the
place he his father and grandfather
lived for at least the past Century
unlike a growing number of others
according to betm an Israeli Human
Rights group Israeli settlers have
attacked at least 16 Palestinian
shepherding communities since October
7th more than 1,000 people have
abandoned their
homes this is a
right by the Bible by the by the Jewish
religion and that's this our lens from a
Hilltop above the valley Avatar and
other militarized settler youth taken
the view of the land they believe was
promised to them unashamed to say what
Palestinians should do the easy solution
if they leave it make our our life very
easy there are an estimated 500
Palestinian farming families in the West
Bank and an estimated 500,000 illegal
Jewish settlers in halad mahul Baran
Bashar forges on despite those odds and
I always say we should all live together
peacefully he says we don't want war
enough
enough a hope that's echoed across these
Hills for thousands of years a land of
serene Beauty now shrouded in violence
Ry in asencio CBS News in the Jordan
Valley of the occupied Palestinian
territories