as the Israel Hamas War rages on
thousands of Muslim nations and Beyond
demonstrate over Israeli air strikes the
Gaza City Hospital blast it's been a
prominent theme in some of the
demonstrations nearly two weeks after
the Hamas attack on Israel such protests
continue as Israel prepares for an
imminent ground invasion of Gaza
hundreds of demonstrators have taken the
streets of various cities in the United
States they're demanding an immediate
ceasefire in Gaza protesters have been
waving Palestinian Flags enchanting Pro
Palestinian
slogans here just to show the support
for our people in Gaza they've been B
and besieged for the last two weeks and
cut off all the means of living like
Waters and electricity and the basic
necessity of Life meanwhile in West Bank
protesters erupted follow protest
erupted following the midday prayers
Palestinians streamed out of moss and
headed to Israeli military checkpoints
in rala and hibron protesters were seen
throwing stones at troops Israeli
Security Forces responded by firing tear
gas and live rounds and according to
Palestinian Ministry of Health in the
West Bank at least 21 people have been
wounded by soldiers gunfire meanwhile in
Egypt tens of thousands of demonstrators
have gathered across the North African
country to show their solidarity with
won Gaza in a rare move the Egyptian
government has approved and even helped
organize 27 locations for protesters and
this is surprising because since 2013
abdal fatal C's government has outlawed
large public protest meanwhile in Iraq
protesters have gathered at a western
treble border crossing near Jordan the
demonstrators wave Palestinian Flags
chanted no to
[Music]
[Music]
Israel
[Music]
for