we earlier spoke to Ramsey barud who is
a journalist and the editor of the
Palestine Chronicle let's listen into
his
insights I have family there I have a
sister and her her kids and I have
cousins uncles and aunts and of course
um I run a news company so I have uh uh
various correspondents working in
various parts of the Gaza STP so we get
around the clock updates of the
situation there and the only way it can
be described is absolutely horrific if
not unprecedented in the history of
conflicts between uh
Palestine uh and Israel the uh the
infrastructure has already been
completely destroyed uh 338,000
people um have been made homeless uh if
you do the math that's about 12% of the
overall population of Gaza if this trend
continues as it is it could be the
matter of time before um all of the Gaza
population will be pushed out of their
homes um the United Nations also uh very
recently about an hour or so ago called
they said the situation is extremely
difficult and they called for an urgent
humanitarian truce uh Israel made it
very clear that there would be no truce
and they threatened even Egypt which is
an ally at least the Egyptian government
is an ally of Israel and they said if
any Caravans of food or supplies will
try to arrive to Gaza through the Sinai
desert they will be shot so uh we have
an extremely tense situation but more
urgent than the war itself is that you
have 2.3 million people with no running
water with no electricity with no food
and hospitals ran out of uh medications
ran out of uh emergency supplies so we
are dealing with really a situation that
we don't even know how to mentally
process let alone know how to deal with
in practical ways Theon is now available
in your country download the app now get
all the news on the move