[Music]
P Square you can see behind me the
Community College you can see there the
alha alal Luna social Society for death
children you can see
government buildings you can see
civilian
buildings from outside everything looks
normal everything looks like a regular
City when you go inside you can see on
the left side a garage which is not a
garage it's a
workshop you enter inside you see a
workshop of tunnels they're bu building
tunnels here come with
me you can see inside here deep
down a tunnel which was built for the
last few months you can see here the
lift heavy duty lift you can see the
phone there with commun communication
down to the
tunnel you can see all around here
cement and
concrete and equipment for building the
tunnel
inside all of these are the the walls
for the tunnel which which are uh are
taken down with the high lift this is
the head of the tunnels you you put you
put the those uh walls on the sides
these on the top and this is the tunnel
that runs for miles and
miles as the Israeli Army was operating
in the area of Hamas leaders in the
heart of Gaza City where the political
and Military leadership of Hamas is
situated we uncovered an area that
served as a base for Terror that were
located in civilian buildings with the
operation of the ground forces and based
on intelligence we received under the
area of the leadership we uncovered a
branch network of strategic underground
bases that served the leadership of
Hamas isma Hanah Di and Yaya Sinar all
of them used these networks routinely
and in emergencies and at the beginning
of the war on October 7th they managed
the war from there from these
infrastructures they were able to move
and spread out in the strip from the
heart of Gaza City the quarter of the
leadership they were able to go to shifa
hospital from it they leave in an
ambulance and travel South and return to
shifa hospital entering the network to
move and go north and move towards rasy
[Music]
hosp
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
m
[Music]
Quran
[Music]