this is the goal really this is why I
started doing this because I wanted
people and the Arab diaspora to feel
like I want them to feel powerful and I
want them to feel you know that they're
hurt she's known as the queen of the
diaspora this Palestinian Chilean singer
has just sold out her first tour across
the US and Canada in an interview with
trt World Ilana who is only 22 years old
says she uses her music to celebrate
Palestinian and Arab culture I always
say that this is such a like a
confirmation for you know the whole idea
of singing in Arabic I feel like seeing
all the fans and seeing all the people
coming here waiting in line it's cold
wearing their CFE their bandanas their
coins I just want people to just be
proud of who they are and where they
come from after the attacks on Gaza
began Elana released Olive Branch an
owed to Palestine that she wrote with
her family and has been viewed more than
4 million times
online
it's a song that really it's very hard
for me to sing on stage because I get
really emotional so excuse me if you
know my voice sometimes I feel like I
want to cry it's because I'm just really
feeling it I'm feeling for my people I'm
I hope they hear me um and I hope all of
us in the crowd you know pray for them
last November the artist postponed her
tour out of respect for the Palestinian
people she now says that most of the
proceeds will be donated to her Homeland
it's very hard to be far away from home
and sometimes you know as an artist this
is my my tool to to express how I feel I
write here in Washington DC Fans Say
Elana's work is now more important than
ever we need more Palestine
representation we need people to see
that we are more than just numbers and
casualties we are artistic we are
creative I believe that she's very brave
for her to do that especially now and I
think that she she's an icon of strength
for all of us she's an inspiration to me
she is is like a Lana Del re Adele type
person and we need that we need a a
modern pop star like that so it's really
cool to see
[Music]
that