Liz as I said this this is a tragic
death and and zombie franken's loss is a
a tragic consequence of War but why
don't we hear our foreign minister
criticizing Hamas and demanding Hamas to
lay down its weapons and hand over
hostages exactly why are we constantly
ask asking Israel to uh put down arms
when we know full well what would happen
if they actually did do that instead of
asking asking the Palestinian Authority
asking Hamas begging Iran who we all
know is the Godfather of each of these
terrorist groups to put down their arms
why is it always Israel that must do
this our government simply even after
all these months hasn't gotten that
message through their thick skulls and
it is incredibly frustrating Chris that
even this far into this conflict the
fingers are once again being pointed at
Israel fing this is outrageous the
fingers are being pointed at Israel
today but look the government has never
and I'm not here as a spokesperson for
the government but the government has
never come out and supported Hamas in
any way shape or form or talk down
Israel and talked up Hamas I think that
is just an out outrageous suggestion yes
they're going to because they are bloody
killing Aid workers they're killing Aid
workers it Justin it constantly demands
that Israel impose a ceasefire we don't
hear it demanding Hamas lay down its
weapon surrender terrorist they said
this before part of the ceasefire is
that Hamas hand over the hostages they
have said that all along I think America
has been saying that the United Nations
have been saying the part of the
ceasefire is har us that is not true are
you telling me the Australian government
has never
talk you just heard her there in
the nons this issue is too she a line
like this no you're being ridiculous
they have never once spoken like this to
Hamas and any support from this
government our government to Israel has
always been very thinly veiled we know
that both the foreign
ministery sure you have check this the
Prime Minister was talking about morning
very passionate advocates for the
Palestinian cause and this conflict has
changed nothing and they've done very
poorly to cover up their bias there is
uh there is no doubt Justin that they do
mention Hamas from time to time it's an
addendum it's not the focus of their
remarks as Liz was say