of Israel that they will continue their
military operations against the
terrorist of Hamas till the Hamas is
completely wiped out from the land of
Gaza
yes absolutely all right thank you so
much G for joining us with those details
we'll keep come back to you for more as
you continue to report from Ground Zero
as the war against Hamas rate is
on in other news from the war military
flares and explosions lit up the Gaza
night line night skyline on Tuesday as
fighting between Israeli forces and
Hamas terrorists continue in The
besieged
Enclave preliminary investigations by
the committee to project to project
journalists show that at least 42
journalist and media workers have been
killed since the Israel Hamas War Began
on the 7th of
October two soldiers were killed in
ground battles with Palestinian fighters
in the Gaza Strip and at least four
other soldiers have been injured
10 killed and several injured after
Israeli war planes hit the residential
buildings belonging to the alaga and Al
and and Abu gamaz families in the
eastern part of the city of Khan
unun Brazilian president Luis Lula D
Silva has welcomed 32 Nationals that is
government rescued from Gaza this week
following a month of negotiations Brazil
received them at the Brazilia air base
after nearly day long FL
with Israeli tanks almost at the gates
of alifa hospital and besieging the
complex ambassador of Palestine to India
Adnan alhaja said that on said on Monday
that the hospital is running out of fuel
that six children on incubators have
died and another six have died in the
Intensive Care
[Music]
Unit weeks of hostilities across the
Lebanese Israeli border have escalated
with growing casualties on both sides
and a war words fueling concerns of a
widening conflict between Israel and the
Iran backed Lebanese group
Hezbollah Israeli foreign minister Elie
Kohan will travel to Switzerland along
with several relatives of captives held
in Gaza he will meet with the Red Cross
president mijana SP sper EGA and World
Health Organization director General
Tedros
[Music]
gies
India Alliance Partners yet again at War
akiles y questions congresses stand on
cost census this
time and at least 40 workers are still
stuck after the tunnel collaps in utar
Kashi rescue operations entered day
three