you will
rise you will rise Palestine will never
die Palestine will never
die be
free be free very saddening it's
enraging it's frustrating it's
horrifying to see the Mass Slaughter of
your people it really makes us feel like
we're less than human but the only
appropriate way to respond to that is by
coming together in Collective morning
and Collective rage in support of the
Palestinian
[Music]
people and I've always been aware about
the Palestinian struggle I've been going
to protest for it since I was a little
girl for my entire life um I remember in
my senior year in high school I would
attend protests daily for Palestine it
was the 2012 Invasion um of Gazza and
we've seen Gazza be invaded over and
over again we will be
the the we will
be every time media Li every time media
a neighborhood inaz a neighborhood in
the thousands of Palestinians in Israeli
prisons aren't they hostages telling us
that we don't have the right to protest
our ways at University use to silence us
from mobilizing the 11,000 Palestinians
that have been murdered 46 hundred of
them children cannot be brought back I
have no choice but to keep moving I have
no choice as long as I see my people
suffering as long as I see my people
being subjected to less than human Trad
I will come out I will come out in
support of people I will remind people
of our Humanity I could have been born
in Gazza my life is not more valuable
than the 11,000 Palestinians who had
their life stolen from them we are all
one people we are part of the struggle
and seeing them remain steadfast
liberate themselves to liberate their
Homeland reminds me that it's also my
role and my responsibility as a
Palestinian to do so every single day
from wherever I am with everything that
I
have