bring them home bring them home at
Parliament square there's only one
message emotions are high as those
gathered here remember the fate of
hostages taken by Hamas I'm afraid
working with yamuk working on the street
or even speaking in Hebrew and for us
being here today is very important
message we thinking about the people
who've been kidnapped from Israel and
how horrible it
is in other areas of the country Pro
Palestine protests are calling for a
different message this the latest rally
after four weeks of protesting which has
seen 29 people arrested and four police
officers
injured organizers say they're
supporting Palestinians but speaking
exclusively to Sky news from Greece the
Home Secretary Suella braan calls them
hate marches also giving his opinion the
Deputy Prime Minister I represent a
large Jewish community that Community
are fearful right now and we shouldn't
see this just as a matter for the Jewish
Community we should see this as a matter
for all of British
Society these comments from ministers
come as reports today suggest that the
government has drawn up proposals to
broaden the definition of extremism to
include anyone who undermines the
country's institutions and values but
there are fears from some that
legitimate groups and individuals could
be branded extremist and free speech
ciled and for those who work in protest
law this creates a gray area the bigger
you make the Nets the more organizations
and individuals it would bring in and
that could well include um you know
peaceful organizations that are
nontheless
controversial or or campaign on
controversial
issues in contrast to this weekend's
smaller events there are plans for a
mass rally on Armistice Day both the met
and the March's organizers say they
won't go near the Senate half on
whiteall what's clear is that while
criticism from some Corners is mounting
protests related to the Israel Hamas war
will continue and the messages from all
of
them bring loud and
clear Amelia Harper Sky
News