explosions lit up Israel's night sky as
interceptors took down dozens upon
dozens of Iranian launched
drones Israel's military spokesman said
the nation's defense systems detected
incoming drones cruise missiles and
ballistic missiles launched from Iran
and its proxies together with our allies
and partners across the region we are
operating at this very moment to defend
Israel from Iran's attack so far we have
intercepted a vast majority of incoming
missiles by Israeli
systems the damage to Israel was far
less than had been feared Israeli
officials said one child was hurt and a
military base suffered minor damage
schools in Israel had closed early and
civilians had been warned to seek
Shelter From the attack that many had
suspected was coming as it unfolded
Jordan Iraq and Lebanon closed their
airspace and US President Joe Biden cut
short a trip to Delaware rushing back to
the White House to meet with his
National Security Council in a statement
Biden said US forces helped Israel take
down nearly all the incoming drones and
missiles and Biden spoke with Israel's
prime minister Benjamin nanahu by phone
affirming the US's Ironclad support Iran
said the week attack was retaliation for
Israel's strike on an Iranian diplomatic
compound in Damascus earlier this
month even as the drones rained down on
Israel Iran's mission to the United
Nations said the matter can be deemed
concluded but warned more violence would
come if Israel or the US retaliated
Iranians rallied in front of the British
Embassy in ton after the attack
concluded I have never seen in any
country
anywhere that attacking another country
and War makes people happy but tonight
people gave up their sleep so that they
can come here and show how important
this war is to us and how glad we are
from this attack on Israel leaders in
the UK Europe and Canada condemned
Iran's actions as Reckless unacceptable
and destabilizing for the region un
Secretary General Antonio gutterz also
called for an immediate cessation of
hostil ities but Israel has signaled it
will respond to Iran's attack the UN
Security Council is expected to discuss
efforts to prevent a direct war between
the two countries on Sunday Heidi Joe
Castro Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer