Hamas freed two more hostages on Monday
both Israeli women the group said were
released on health grounds video from
Hamas was said to show the two hostages
nurit Cooper and yit lifshitz before
they were released the pair were seen
led by an armed fighter to a red
crescent
vehicle video from Egypt's alaha news
station showed Cooper and LIF shits
transferred onto ambulances at Rafa
Crossing between Gaza and Egypt Israeli
media have confirmed their identities
they are only the second release since
militants crossed the border into
Southern Israel more than 2 weeks ago
killing around 1,400 people and
abducting more than 200 hostages an
American woman and her daughter were
freed on Friday meanwhile Israel's
police and the shinb intelligence agency
released video from their interrogations
of capturing Hamas gunmen who took part
in the Rampage in Clips one handcuffed
detainee said to be a Hamas militant
described the chilling orders he was
given the first instruction regarding
civilians was to kill men and ha women
elders and children hostages Reuters was
unable to verify the video or whether
the individuals in it were speaking
under
duress over 2 weeks since the October
7th assault Israeli aircraft have
continuously bombed Targets in the Gaza
strip on Monday gaza's Health Ministry
said over 400 people have died in air
strikes over the past 24 hours most in
southern Gaza next to which Israeli
troops and tanks have masked for a
possible ground Invasion Israeli
officials have not formally given an
official start date to the looming
assault but sources tell Reuters the
White House Pentagon and state
department have stepped up private
appeals for caution in conversations
with the Israelis in public the United
States has stressed Israel's to defend
itself but the sources say a US priority
is to gain time for negotiations to free
other hostages what we were doing asked
about the possibility of a ceasefire in
the news conference on Monday US
President Joe Biden said he wouldn't
consider backing one until all the
hostages are released how we thought