increase the chances you can recall the
test oh I haven't seen a manuscript but
I can tell you nothing was ever said - I
guess he's writing a book I have not
seen I think it's increasingly likely
that other Republicans will will join
those of us who think we should hear
from John Bolton and whether there are
other witnesses and documents well
that's another matter but I think John
Bolton's relevance to our decision has
been come has become increasingly clear
this is stunning it goes right to the
heart of the charges against the
president ambassador Bolton essentially
confirms the president committed the
offenses charged in the first article of
impeachment as millions mourn the deaths
of Kobe and Gianna Bryant and those who
died with them we think about life's
brevity uncertainty and legacy the
president the Senate is being called to
sit as the high court of impeachment all
too frequently indeed we are living in
what I think can aptly be described as
the age of impeachment instead of a once
in a century phenomenon which it had
been presidential impeachment has become
a weapon to be wielded against one's
political opponent the appointment of
the vice president's son to a Ukrainian
oil board looks nepotistic at best
nefarious at worst and the media didn't
stop questioning asking questions here
it kept going I would be making the very
same constitutional argument had Hillary
Clinton for whom I voted
been elected and had a Republican House
voted to impeach her on these
unconstitutional grounds I am here today
because I love my country and our
Constitution if a president any
president were to have done what The
Times reported about the contact of the
Bolton manuscript that would not
constitute an impeachable offense let me
repeat nothing in the Bolton revelations
even if true would rise to the level of
an abuse of power or an impeachable
offense