Canada's Minister of Foreign Affairs
Melanie Jolie has arrived in Israel
during the trip she plans to reaffirm
Canada's support for Israel and its
right to defend itself and discuss the
impacts of the Hamas attacks joli will
also speak with Israel's and Jordan's
Ministers of Foreign Affairs she will
head back to Canada on
Sunday and joining us now is Jack
Cunningham international relations
professor at the bgram center Trinity
College the UFT thank you very much for
being here Professor pleasure to be with
you Renee now Melanie Jolie is now in
Israel what will her role be there well
she's really there for a couple of
things one of them is political damage
control because the government was
rather embarrassed when it was revealed
that the embassy in Tel Aviv was uh was
was not open over the weekend the other
is to uh see to a degree of supervision
over the evacuation of Canadians from
Israel
and uh probably the more important and
uh and significant development is talks
with some of her foreign counterpart
she's going to meet with her Israeli
counterpart she's also going to meet
with her Jordanian counterpart
presumably to talk about ways of opening
up some sort of a humanitarian Corridor
for Gaza so that the consequences of of
an Israeli ground offense that can be
mitigated for the civilian
population now there's a rapidly
deteriorating humanitarian crisis in
Gaza right now how will Jolie respond to
this well I think she will probably do
she'll probably take the line that the
government has taken so far of strong
support for Israel's right to defend
itself but uh probably some backdoor
urging of of restraint on Israel which
is uh which which is difficult because a
ground offense in a builtup urban area
like Gaza is inevitably costly and
bloody for for both sides and and
there's there's no way around that
unpleasant
reality what about aid for Israel and
Gaza will Jolie be assessing what's
needed she almost certainly will uh
Israel has military needs and the the
gazans have uh have uh humanitarian
needs and I'm sure that she'll be
reporting on that back to the government
after her
return all right jack Cunningham
international relations professor at the
bgram center Trinity College UFT thank
you very much for joining us today