we've really grossly underestimated what
needs to be done to mitigate the
flooding that is going to occur in the
future i'm edward strzok i'm the author
of swamp lands which looks at the future
of flooding in north america which is
going to get a lot worse before it gets
any better
[Music]
one of the biggest things that we've
done was that we built cities and farms
and towns
on top of
former lakes and bogs and fins the
natural
tools that help us
deal with floods aren't there to absorb
whatever excessive moisture that there
is
[Music]
but we're getting because of climate
change
a lot of different weather patterns
these atmospheric rivers that come in
from the pacific
think of it as kind of like the amazon
river
up in the air and eventually it drops
some of that moisture that's what we saw
happening in bc
and the other thing that we're seeing is
that this weakening of the jet stream
which is a weather maker
[Music]
in general floods usually fire follow
wildfire and the reason being is is that
you remove so many mature trees that
suck up so much moisture uh they're not
there anymore
and so
instead of
absorbing all that moisture it slides
down the mountain or a hillside and goes
into a river
[Music]
so you hear about the bc floods being a
one in 500 year event the calgary flood
being a 100 year event and basically
that's crap
because what happens in the past
really has
it's a completely different landscape
back then basically we're you know we're
hooped for a while
and we've really got to appreciate the
fact that
we're not as smart as we think we are
you know engineers need to be talking
more to meteorologists and climate
change scientist