meanwhile the United States of America
says it has no evidence that Israel is
committing genocide in Gaza as it
carries out its war against Hamas
militants in the Gaza Strip us defense
secretary ly Austin made the statement
at a senate hearing asked by the
genocide allegation he told the Senate
armed services committee and I'm quoting
him here we don't have evidence of that
unquote on the same day Berlin is also
facing Heat Germany is strongly
rejecting a case brought by Nicaragua at
the United Nations Top Court Nicaragua
has accused it of breaching the Geneva
Convention and international
humanitarian law by providing arms and
other support to Israel in its deadly
assault on
Gaza unlike
Nicaragua we are striving to do justice
to both parties to the
conflict we are guided by respect for
international law responsibility for the
security of Israel respect for the
suffering of the Palestinian population
in
Gaza efforts to free the Israeli
hostages as well as by the legitimate
rights of the Palestinian people to
self-determination in the context of a
two-state
solution Nicaragua's case is the latest
legal attempt by a country with historic
ties to the Palestinian people to stop
Israel's offensive now just weeks ago
South Africa accused Israel of genocide
at the international court of justice
late last year it also comes against a
backdrop of growing calls for Israel's
allies to stop supplying it with weapons
even as some supporters including
Germany have grown more critical of the
war Israel has however denied all the
allegations Western nations are
witnessing demonstrations legal cases
and accusations of hypocrisy from
campaign groups they say that Israel has
killed too many Palestinians in its
six-month old
war there also voices of demonstrations
within the US just last week Senator
Elizabeth Warren said she believes that
the international courts could could
rather interpret Israel's actions in
Gaza as a genocide the US is Israel's
biggest military supporter but has
pressed it to do more to help civilians
in
[Music]
Gaza