[Music]
diplomats from around the world will
gather in Paris on Sunday to try to get
some movement on long-stalled
israeli-palestinian peace talks but
Israel has rejected the initiative in
the meantime on Saturday Palestinian
President Mahmoud Abbas opened the first
Embassy in the Vatican the move is seen
as a further recognition for the
Palestinian state EDC on Shan reports
Palestine has once again muscled its way
onto the world stage as part of the
opening of its latest embassy in the
Vatican President Mahmoud Abbas met Pope
Francis in December the UN Security
Council passed a resolution demanding
that israel seized Jewish settlements in
the occupied West Bank and this weekend
top diplomats from at least 70 nations
are gathering in Paris to show support
for the creation of a Palestinian state
but French president Francois Hollande
is playing down the prospects for peace
let pain as your peace will be achieved
by the Israelis and the Palestinians and
by no one else only bilateral relations
can bring it about Sunday's meeting must
remind us of the determination to
support a two-state solution copy that
the dam units your suit you introduce
it's a bit like a wedding without a
bride and groom more than 70 countries
are together in an attempt to
resuscitate the peace talks which have
been stalled for almost three years but
neither Israelis nor Palestinians have
been invited after Israel boycott at the
conference there are other such efforts
a render peace homeless and one of them
is the Paris conference it's it's a rare
conference written by the Palestinians
with French auspices to adopt additional
anti-israel stances
this bushes piece backwards knock an
obligate us it's a relic of the past
it's a last gasp of the past before the
future sets it russia says it's ready to
host peace talks if both sides agree to
attend both hamas and fatah
representatives are in moscow trying to
find the unified position should the
talks happen so Palestinian President
Mahmoud Abbas accepted the Russian
presidents offered to meet mr. Netanyahu
in Moscow and our consent remains in
place
but the hopes for a peace resolution
still remain elusive Palestinians and
Israelis will have to wait a little bit
longer before they can live side by side
in peace it is town Shanti RT world
Paris
[Music]