[Music]
after name Hamada lost his son it wasn't
the only grief he was left with business
owners in Gaza pressured him to repay
his sons financial debts his son
Mohammed had owned this poultry farm in
his village for years and he owed nearly
six thousand dollars in debt until his
death in June after being injured by
Israeli forces during protests in May
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba Kamali the heatwave
and market demands really affected the
farm his debt accumulated and he wasn't
able to pay and I too couldn't help him
with it he didn't even mention it to me
because he was worried that I would
suffer from a heart attack how would I
afford to give him money in this
difficult time a hundred and fifty-eight
Palestinians were killed and thousands
wounded as they protested against the
opening of the US Embassy in Jerusalem
the Palestinian territories economy has
been crippled by Israel's blockade
that's now lasted more than a decade but
one Palestinian charity has decided to
help the families of people killed
recently in clashes with Israeli forces
we launched a campaign called your debt
is ours three weeks ago after the
million people march on May 15 due to
the large numbers of people who were
killed we discovered that a lot of
people had ditched that needed to be
repaid
the organization receives its funding
from public donations in Gaza and the
West Bank
said that Beulah home we hope to repay
dates with this initiative which is part
of a bigger campaign that has different
types of charity work like supplying
food and clothes today we gave one
family nearly two thousand US dollars
and we are trying to pay Mohammad Hamid
s total debt of six thousand dollars a
big step that helps ease the burdens of
the most vulnerable at a time of great
personal agony
Raoul Radhakrishnan TRG
[Music]