Israel has blocked the free movement of
people and goods in and out of the Gaza
Strip for almost two decades now Israeli
civilians have started their own
blockade dozens of protesters have
demonstrated outside a major Israeli sea
port opposing the delivery of
humanitarian Aid they demanded truck
drivers tell them where their goods were
heading it's not clear if any Aid
deliveries were affected I know that
this war is getting longer and longer
and endangering our soldiers and our
sons because of all these trucks that
are going into Gaza Aid trucks already
inside The Enclave are under pressure
too the World Health Organization
attempted to deliver supplies to the
nasar hospital in Han Yunis urgently
needed medicine was delivered but food
aid for the hospital was intercepted we
made another attempt to get food to
Nasser but due to delays about 500
metric from the checkpoint the food was
taken from the tracks by crowds who are
also desperate for food it's not that
these people are greedy it's that they
and their families are starving to
death as you see and as the world sees
if food isn't available for these people
then we're heading towards a famine and
a disaster that will be the worst in the
history of
humanity before the war more than 70% of
gaza's population relied on the un's
Palestinian relief agency Ana for food
clean water and shelter but its
operation is in Jeopardy after numerous
donor countries withdrew their support
following allegations some unro staff
participated in the October 7
attacks the agency is responsible for a
large number of refugees in the Gaza
Strip and without this Supply it will
cost lives there's no need to punish the
entire Palestinian
people a coalition of 2 Aid groups
including the Norwegian Refugee Council
Oxfam and save the children has called
for funding to be restored saying unr's
humanitarian assistance cannot be
replaced with 60% of an's funding now
gone their uncertain future looks even
more desperate Melinda new seora trt
world come