and warning that this report from our
Middle East correspondent alist bunol
and our team in Gaza contains
distressing images of dead bodies from
the
start when the hospital morgs ran out of
room they turned to the
carart in protective suits and masks
with death all around them the Civil
volunteers uncover this Mass grave
pulling the bodies from the Sandy Earth
one by one
Israeli forces have now withdrawn from
carun but before they did they too dug
up these
corpses the IDF says they were looking
for hostages but Palestinians and the UN
have accused them of desecrating the
dead over the last 5 days theyve found
more than 300 bodies and they're digging
for
more each one is unwrapped inside are
the decomposing bodies of men women and
young
children if a body cannot be identified
or isn't collected by family they're
rewrapped in clean sheets and buried
again in unmarked
graes MOA yed found his mother yesterday
it took him time to recognize what was
left of her he's back again today still
looking for his sister father and cousin
solve this issue with the world solve it
with the Israelis we want a solution we
want to rest there's no life it's all
for nothing I feel sad lonely alonely in
the
world every so often someone finds what
they had come looking for but hadn't
wanted to
believe after 2 months searching for him
the body of karima's youngest son Ahmed
has just been
uncovered they took him from me they
killed him she screams Israel America
and Britain are to blame she
[Applause]
wailes the bodies are gently laid out in
the shade the names if known written on
each
one Karima sits by by her son but
surrounded by so many others a moment of
silence for her alone in her own
thoughts later that day Ahmed is taken
to the cemetery for a proper
burial Karima helps carry him through
the streets of
carun where nothing or no one has been
left
untouched I spent two two months 2 and a
half months of me looking for him thank
God I was scared that he was thrown for
dogs or cats to eat him just like I saw
dogs eat other dead bodies with my own
eyes the Final Act of a grieving mother
is to bury her son next to his father
and her
husband with the two men of karima's
family now side by side in
death the cries of anger turned to
prayer and tears of overwhelming
grief Al bun Sky News in Jerusalem