also on newspointer these are thousands
of Israelis joined Jerusalem's Pride
Parade on Thursday the parade some felt
was especially important as the
far-right minister in charge for the
security itamar Ben Giver called the
event an abomination in the past however
this time he was heckled back with
chance of Shame from the participants
the annual March is being held for the
first time under the far-right
government of prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu which includes multiple
Capital members who have expressed
homophobic views in the past than Giver
was among the organizers of a beast
March in 2006 which saw opponents of the
Prime parade walk alongside donkeys in
Jerusalem now Israel's Minister for
police the timer
been given describing Jerusalem as a
mosaic of differing views said
they were committed to keep the parade
safe
um
foreign
officers were brought in to secure the
March ahead of the event police said
three people were detained over
suspected threat against the machas
however the event passed without
incident Martyrs waved huge rainbow and
Israeli flags as well as banners that
accused far-right Ministers of trying to
push them back in the closet
foreign
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
his entire life and I only live here for
30 some years and they are part of the
city they are part of our community they
are part of our family so we can support
them
the high security event took place in
the conservative City where critics of
lgbtq plus rights held a counter
demonstration nearby Israeli right-wing
demonstrators gathered with bonus
reading in Hebrew
Jerusalem is not Sodom which refers to
the legendary biblical city destroyed by
God for wickedness
today we have the festive Pride Parade
that's opening up the pride month here
in Israel today we're inside of
Jerusalem behind me you have people who
are protesting against the police have
courted off an area for them and we have
the route that the participants are
going to be going through
the annual event has been held under
Thai security since 2015 when an ultra
Orthodox Jew stops through death
teenager Shira bunky and wounded six
others
[Music]
I'm a
Leon is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move
[Music]