[Music]
the Palestinian factions Fatah and Hamas
celebrate a deal many thought would
never get done known as the Cairo
agreement and signed in October it was
supposed to put an end to more than 10
years of animosity
back in 2007 fighting between the two
groups in the Gaza Strip killed more
than 100 people and left Hamas in
control of the densely populated
territory while Fatah has Mahmoud Abbas
remained the president in the occupied
West Bank in the years since people in
Gaza have had to enjoy Israeli
bombardment and a blockade
Palestinians had hoped that this latest
deal not the first to have been signed
between Fatah and Hamas would end the
blockade the Palestinian Authority run
by Fatah was set to take over the Gaza
Strip and in November they did assume
control of the border crossings with
Israel and Egypt but gradually the
momentum towards a peaceful coexistence
appeared to slip away
October 12
2017 and until now we have done
everything we could to have the
reconciliation succeed we have hammered
down all the obstacles in its way and
had to deal with a lot however
unfortunately we have been met with zero
empowerment of the government the main
sticking points appear to be money Hamas
tunnels used for smuggling and weapons
we ask all parties and politicians and
spokesmen to stop talking about the
weapons of the resistance these weapons
will not be divided nor talked about or
discussed in any form payments to
Palestinian Authority officials in Gaza
have been irregular since at best
threatened to end funding salaries in
March a big push is needed if the
reconciliation deal is to come back from
being all but dead
Palestinians in Gaza are getting more
desperate with their economic States and
living conditions the most recent
flashpoint was the great march of return
movement that began at the end of March
with dozens of Palestinians killed at
the Israeli border al
a sign of things to come if conditions
in Gaza don't improve I will buckle
Osama he trt world
[Music]