all right let's not shift our attention
to some pretty concerning news that's
coming from Israel and what is being
said to be a major blow to the efficacy
claims of the fires about 19 vaccine or
12 000 people who were inoculated where
the fires a vaccine have tested positive
for Coronavirus in the state of Israel
now according to the Israeli Health
Ministry some
189 people tested positive after
receiving their fisa vaccine and about
6.6 of those
have tested positive now according to
reports about 69 people had even had
their second Jabs of the vaccine
Israel's vaccination draft began on the
19th of December last year where an
elderly
people and also people with
comorbidities were prioritized for the
Pfizer shots the more than a quarter of
its citizens have now reportedly been
inoculated with the fisa vaccine at
least the first dose of it
about a quarter of the whole population
has received its vaccine shot at about
3.5 percent have also got their second
dose of the vaccine
vaccines one month ago the Jewish estate
has inoculated about 2.2 million people
of its 9 million inhabitants and still
the country is presently in its third
lockdown with infection rates remaining
very high now more than half a million
people have been reported
they're about four thousand odd people
have died in the state of Israel since
the pandemic began the rise in the
number of infections despite the
lockdown of the vaccinations has been
attributed to virus mutations in return
for Rapid delivery of the Pfizer burnt
vaccine Israel has reportedly committed
sharing its data on the effects of mass
immunization
Beyond is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move