[Music]
my vision presents a win-win opportunity
for both sides a realistic two-state
solution that resolves the risk
Palestinian statehood to Israel's
security today Israel has taken a giant
step toward peace u.s. president Donald
Trump's long-awaited and so-called
Middle East peace plan received applause
at the White House and condemnation from
Palestinians from the outset of his
speech Trump put Israel front and center
today Israel takes a big step towards
peace no Palestinian representatives
were in the room for the announcement
the peace to prosperity roadmap outlines
a number of proposals including one that
would see Israel free settlement
construction for four years under the
deal Israelis and Palestinians would not
be moved from their existing homes there
is no provision for Palestinians to have
the right of return but there are
criteria for Palestinian statehood such
as the complete demilitarization of the
population and under the plan Jerusalem
would become Israel's undivided capital
Trump says this deal will do a lot for
the Palestinians this map will more than
double the Palestinian territory and
provide a Palestinian capital in eastern
Jerusalem where America will proudly
open an embassy this is the map he's
talking about the areas in green would
form a potential Palestinian state vast
tracts of land in the West Bank in the
Jordan Valley would become Israeli
territory those circles represent 15
Israeli settlements which would remain
pockets of Palestine would be connected
by roads or tunnels including one that
would join Gaza and the West Bank
mr. president because of this historic
recognition and because I believe your
piece one strikes the right balance
where other plans have failed I've
agreed to negotiate peace with the
Palestinians on the basis of your peace
plan those negotiations don't seem
likely the President of the Palestinian
Authority Mahmoud Abbas has called the
slap of the century the Palestinians and
the Trump administration haven't been on
speaking terms since the US Embassy was
moved to Jerusalem that didn't stop the
u.s. from presenting this proposal but
has the blueprint for peace made it even
harder to achieve Nataly permanent the
newsmakers
[Music]
you