there's been the odd Skirmish but for 17
years stability has been a part of daily
life around the Lebanese Israeli border
that stable footing is now crumbling I
feel very very sad about this situation
because we feel in the same situation
that happened with us in
2006 for that I living the this that
situation
before more than 6,000 have been
displaced from their home home around
tier in the South mostly poor farming
families in an area that's a Hezbollah
stronghold people are now being housed
in three schools they need food and
medicines this emergency response team
was created to deal with coid 19 now
with a daily exchange of rockets and
mortars they've pivoted to a new life
preserving Mission with the security
situation deteriorating Canadians are
being told to avoid all travel to the
country at this point it's unclear what
will happen to the more than 16,000
Canadians registered as being in Lebanon
a number that's risen over the past 24
hours my message is the same there are
still commercial options available
Canadians should get
out elmab is practically empty the
community's proximity to Israel makes it
a volatile location with activity from
both Hezbollah and Israel Defense Forces
it was here on October 13 that Reuters
video journalist Isam abdalah was killed
and six other journalists injured by an
incoming strike we are right along the
border area you can see the towers in
the distance and that is Israel this
area has been hit before in order to
stand here to film we actually had to
work with the United Nations share our
live location give them all of our
information so that they could
coordinate with all parties to make it
as safe as possible for us to report
here is more than Regional and that
involves everyone around Iran Syria
Lebanon uh of course
Israel thousands of un peacekeepers from
49 countries Patrol 120 kilometers
between the two countries they also
Monitor and log attacks and report
suspicious activity what do you think
the appetite is for escalation I don't
see the appetite for escalation but I
cannot predict the miscalculation the
error the mistake is Al always there
this is something that no one can
predict emotions are rising here as
people watch what's happening in Gaza
and wonder if why spread fighting will
once again break out on this land
Crystal ganing Global News tier Lebanon