we are satisfied uh that the provisional
measures that we sought uh to be
addressed would be uh uh addressed by
the court and uh I believe if you read
the convention very carefully uh the
matter of uh how uh a war uh or conflict
is conducted is not elaborated I would
have wanted that the word cessation uh
is included uh in the Judgment I have no
way that I'm going to say I'm
disappointed I hoped for it but the fact
of delivering humanitarian Aid the fact
of taking measures that reduce the
levels of harm against persons who have
no role in what Israel uh is combating
for me requires a ceasefire and I
believe Israel would have to attend to
how it conducts its search for the
hostages and for those Hamas individuals
who carried out the October 7 uh attack
what's the next St I've never really
been hopeful uh about Israel uh but
Israel has very powerful friends who I
hope uh will advise Israel that they
should act Israel's commitment to
international law is
unwavering equally unwavering is our
sacred commitment to continue to defend
our country and defend our people like
every country Israel has an inherent
right to defend itself the vile attempt
to deny Israel this fundamental right is
blatant discrimination against the
Jewish State and it was justly rejected
the charge of genocide leveled against
Israel is not only false it's outrageous
and decent people everywhere should
reject it our war is against Hamas
terrorists not against Palestinian
civilians we will continue to facilitate
humanitarian assistance and to do our
utmost to keep civilians out of Harm's
Way even as Hamas uses civilians as
human Shields we will continue to do
what is necessary to defend our country
and defend our
people