that
[Music]
[Applause]
have
[Music]
then
go
so good I need
take
[Applause]
thise for
speee
get go
we have credible intelligence from a
number of sources including from
released hostages indicating that Kamas
held hostages at the Naser Hospital in
kanun and that there may be bodies of
our hostages in the NASA Hospital
facility according to intelligence
assessments and information we gathered
on the ground over 85% of major medical
facilities in Gaza have been used by
Hamas for Terror operations because
Hamas terrorists are likely hiding
behind injured civilians inside Nasser
hospital right now and appear to have
used the hospital to hide our hostages
there too the IDF is conducting a
precise and limited operation inside
Nasser
hospital this sensitive operation was
prepared with precision and is being
conducted by IDF Special Forces who
under specifi training for this Mission
a key objective as defined by our
military mission is to ensure that the
NASA Hospital continues its important
functions of treating gazen patients we
communicated this in a number of
conversations we had with the hospital
staff over the last few days we
emphasized that there is no obligation
for patients or staff to evacuate the
hospital
however we have been urging other gants
in Arabic on the phone and Via
loudspeakers to move away from the
danger that Kamas puts them in Via
humanitarian Corridor we opened for this
purpose for the purpose of protecting
uninvolved civilians in Gaza we
coordinated the transfer of medical
supplies and equipment to the NASA
hospital we sent oxygen tanks and fuel
for electricity at the request of the
hospital to ensure its essential
functions continue
uninterrupted this was done in
coordination with International
organizations we have doctors and arabic
speaking IDF officers on the ground to
communicate to the staff and the
patients inside the NASA hospital we
seek to hunt down Kamas terrorists
wherever they may be hiding
think