we're now very close very close uh we
could bring some of these asses home
very soon but I don't want to get into
into the details of things because
nothing is done until it's done and uh
we have more to say we will but things
are looking good at the
moment well let's speak now to our us
correspondent James Matthews who joined
us now from the White House and James
what has the American involvement
been
it's been Central pivotal to the Sophie
and I have to say Joe Biden speaking
earlier this morning inside the Rosevelt
room was leaning pretty hard into the
prospect of a deal being done and being
executed he's clearly pinning his colors
to the Mast on this one although he did
add the writer nothing is done until
it's done there was subsequently a
briefing from John Kirby for National
Security Council and without giving any
detail uh he did speak uh
around how this might happen talking
about how any hostage release uh they
would have to pay heed to the execution
and to the monitoring of it they're
clearly aware they are dealing with an
unpredictable enemy in all of this
talking about the practicalities of any
release how these hostages may be in
poor physical condition how it could
take hours even days but stressing that
the United States and partners would
remain pragmatic because they know how
precarious the situation is politically
and practically on the ground for Joe
Biden this would be something of a
result and he needs a result a degree of
positivity in all of this although
clearly everything is relative in this
conflict his limitations diplomatically
and politically in terms of being able
to shape and steer this conflict have
been exposed he's not always been in
sync with Israel a well-funded US Ally
and there are questions here about why
that's the case handsomely funded a poll
this week for NBC showed that uh
thumping majority of Voters don't rate
Joe Biden on foreign policy and his
performance throughout the Israel Hamas
conflict he is clearly suffering from an
unrelenting uh sequence of bad news so
for him to be seen to to be shaping to
some degree events in the Middle East
and to have some degree of influence
rather bucks the trend that he has
suffered from thus
far James thank you very much indeed
James Matthews there from the White
House