Tamar jata and his wife were warned by
his parents still living in Gaza that
they may not live through the air
strikes each time the Calgary data sign
to spoke with his Dad he knew it could
be the final time the last goodbye two
days ago was the last goodbye 20 members
of the gera's family were taking shelter
inside a three-bedroom apartment in Gaza
City on Wednesday an air strike
demolished the building 17 family
members killed I was able to get in
touch with one one of my uh relatives
who told me that
uh he pulled my
dad from under
thebel I asked him to send me a picture
and he
did and
uh my dad's brain was
gone um he said your uncle was just
beside your dad and uh we couldn't uh
get him out because the the ceiling was
on his lab they were able to get my my
mother this
morning gerat says his surviving family
members have been struggling to get his
sisters out because of the lack of
equipment Jada's little sister nzen was
to get married next month she worked as
a psychologist his sister hanen was a
mother to two young boys his seven and
12-year-old nephews were killed along
with an older nephew a software engineer
who like gerado was planning on coming
to Canada to continue his studies it was
a
massacre uh all that happened without
any mornings he's thankful for the
support of the local community at the
akam Joma Islamic Center he's hoping his
family's staggering loss will act as a
wakeup call for world leaders we feel
that we were let down by the
International Community they are still
trying to do something but nothing's
happening now jata like so many other
Canadians with family in Gaza can't
contact their loved ones the Palestinian
Telecom company that provides mobile
service to the Gaza Strip says the
intense bombardment has resulted in the
destruction of all remaining
International routes connecting Gaza
with the outside world Carolyn Curry
detillo Global
News