today marks a start of the third week of
the Muslim holy month of Ramadan with
war raging in Gaza and violence flaring
across the West Bank there has been
concern about tension spreading to
Jerusalem where the AL AXA mosque sits
at the very center of the Israeli
Palestinian conflict here is MTS
tab it's the holiest month in the
Islamic calendar when Muslims fast from
sun up to sun down often in deep
prayer the Alexa mosque in East
Jerusalem it's even more significant
it's extremely important so it's part of
the Quran part of Revelation part of our
history we met Mustafa abuu who's part
of the Islamic W of council which
governs the third holiest site in Islam
it really says a lot about how important
Jerusalem is to the three major faiths
the Cornerstone for peace is to
understand the importance of the city
for Jews the Christians and the Muslims
to give you an idea of the layout of
this area you have the aluxa mosque in
this complex the Dome of the Rock the
gibli mosque and then in the distance
over there you have the Western Wall and
just down the road you have the Church
of the Holy Seiler all three major
faiths within walking distance of each
other and it's extremely sensitive at
the best of times Ramadan is a time of
prayer reflection but also a time of joy
and celebration is anybody feeling like
celebrating this year I don't think that
people are in any um you know
celebratory mood brothers and sisters in
the in the Gaza Strip are suffering from
unbridled Carnage last Ramadan the house
of worship was raided by Israeli forces
who cited security concerns with
tensions already high and no ceasefire
in
Gaza some are still barred from entering
here during the holy
month Israel has for years restricted
who can and cannot pray at the AL a must
it could be anything from someone's age
or where they're from specifically those
from the occupied West Bank this is a
holy place for the Muslims and there
should be no restrictions at all what
does that do for your community to be
restricted from a place of worship this
leads to frustration this leads to uh
anger this leads to disappointment we
don't need to be in such a situation a
situation that has the potential to
inflame already fra tensions even
further in Time CBS News at the Alexa
mosque in East Jerusalem