a barriage of rockets was fired by
terrorists in Gaza passing in close
proximity to the alali AL Mii Hospital
in Gaza at the time it was hit he is a
liar his the spokesperson and digital
spokesperson tweeted that Israel did the
hit the Israel Defense Force and Hamas
traded blame for the massive blast that
killed hundreds at a hospital in Gaza
while the Israeli Army denied
involvement in the incident stating that
it was caused by a missile misfire from
a Palestinian terrorist group the Gaza
Health Ministry said an Israeli air
strike on October 17 hit a Gaza City
Hospital packed with wounded and other
Palestinians seeking shelter killing
hundreds this is what Israel Defense
Force said I want to give you an
announcement of the event that occurred
in the hospital in Gaza I can confirm
that an analysis of the IDF operational
systems indicates that a barriage of
rockets was fired by terrorists in Gaza
passing in close proximity to the alali
aladi hospital in Gaza at the time it
was hit intelligence from few sources
that we have in our hands indicates that
the Islamic Jihad is responsible for the
failed rocket launch which hit the
hospital in Gaza I repeat this is the
responsib AB ility of Islamic Jihad that
killed Innocents in the hospital in Gaza
IDF blamed media outlets for blaming
Israel automatically after the incident
the Palestinian ambassador to the UN
Riyad Mansour on this said he is a liar
his uh spokesperson and digital
spokesperson tweeted that Israel did the
hit thinking that there is around this
Hospital a base for Hamas and then he
deleted that tweet we have a copy of
that tweet and talal can share with you
that Tweet now they change the story to
try to blame the Palestinians it is a
lie and they the Israeli spokesperson of
the army about a week ago made a
statement in which he said Evacuate the
hospitals the hospitals are Target and
in fact they hit one Hospital a week ago
so they their intentions is evacuate or
hospitals will be hit and they are
responsible for that crime and they
cannot fabricate stories to deal with it
at least 500 people many of them women
and children were killed in a massive
blast at a hospital in Gaza City on
Tuesday
night