so what are your thoughts on the planned
Rafa operation and also President
Biden's comments that he believes that
Israel's response to hamas's 7th of
October attack has been over the top we
have no choice we have to complete the
job finish the mission eradicate Hamas
so we cannot allow the Hamas leadership
and terrorist to find Safe Haven in Rafa
we will have to go in to Rafa we're
going to have to eradicate Kamas
completely and think about the day after
in without Hamas and what did you say
about concerns from multiple countries
about civilian lives in Gaza Israel's
reportedly drawn up a plan that is
shared with Egypt to evacuate the
civilians but people are asking where
can the civilians be evacuated to so we
proved we proved in the last four months
that we are capable of fighting evil
fighting Hamas and at the same time
trying to minimize the suffering of the
civilians in Gaza so we will continue to
do that I think we should allow the
civilians to move to different locations
I I know that today there are a few
ideas about it and then once the
population moved out we should go in and
fight the
terrorists and how do you feel um Can a
deal be reached to secure the release of
the hostages do you believe through
negotiations or do you believe through
military pressure I think we should do
both now we have the head of the mosad
and the shinb in Egypt negotiating on
behalf of Israel and at the same time
our troops are fighting 3 kilomet from
where we stand here I think we should
apply more pressure and that would
support the
negotiations and how important do you
feel trips like of Secretary of State
former Secretary of State pompeo's visit
to the sites of 7th of October how
important of these sorts of visits to
Israel's legitimacy I guess in terms of
being able to do what it needs to do in
Gaza I think it's very important I led
dozens of delegations to this area and I
can see the impact I saw prime minister
Boris Johnson when he went back to the
UK and he became a strong advocate of
Israel and I think it's very important
because you know it's it's one thing to
watch the movies and and read the
testimonials but when you come here and
you realize the barbaric behavior of our
enemy you understand why we are fighting
for our life MPN Ambassador Danny Danon
thank you for speaking with we on thank
[Music]
you