you thank you we thank you a hero's
welcome for Anthony blinken in Tel Aviv
gratitude for us attempts to secure a
ceasefire deal which would enable the
release of the hostages even if that
means defying their own leaders and he
has to pressure the Israeli government
he has to pressure Hamas of course but
uh you know I'm an Israeli citizen so
I'm telling him to pressure my
government because they seem to have
time
and there's no time left we we want
secretary blink and President Biden to
exert as much power as much pressure as
possible to make this deal a reality as
soon as possible we don't want to wait
another day but his reception by
Israel's prime minister although cordial
appears to have been far less
enthusiastic Benjamin Netanyahu rejected
blink's call for the Israelis to abandon
their plans for a major ground defensive
in
Rafa I said that we have no way to
defeat Hamas without entering Rafa and
eliminating the rest of the hamus
battalions there and I told him that I
hope we will do it with the support of
the United States but if we have to we
will do it alone blinkin insisted that
the two had reached agreement on other
issues including the need for a big
increase in humanitarian Aid to Gaza but
he conceded that they'd failed to Bridge
their disagreement over the planned
operation in Rafa uh it risks killing
more civilians it risks uh wreaking
greater Havoc with the provision of
humanitarian assistance it risks further
isolating Israel around the world and
jeopardizing its long-term Security in
standing but the US will continue piling
the pressure on netanyahu's government
next week a senior Israeli delegation
will arrive here in Washington the
American an will present its members
with an alternative plan for Rafa and
the rest of Gaza a plan the Biden
Administration says will achieve its
objectives while minimizing civilian
casualties whether they will have any
more success than blinken in persuading
the Israelis to change course is another
matter John brain trt World
[Music]
Washington okay