[Music]
palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says
Israel's moved to construct more houses
on occupied territories is dangerous
Abbas was speaking at the United Nations
Human Rights summit in Geneva he said
Palestine rejects the moon because it
leads to hatred last month Israel
approved the construction of additional
housing units in the occupied West Bank
and East Jerusalem
serif earth joins me now from Geneva
with more hi Sara what exactly are
Palestinian expectations for this
conference do they believe it can
accomplish something tangible for their
interests
well a litmus test for the united
nations human rights council that's how
President Mahmoud Abbas described
Palestine he said it was a crucial test
for the united nations human rights
council where the palestine succeeds or
fails and when he was speaking in that
statement to the council we heard him
speaking against the recently agreed
settlement bill warning that that could
lead to hatred and violence and he also
called for the establishment of an
international protection scheme for the
palestinian people saying that that
would guarantee an end to land
confiscation and and he also in that
statement speak about of dramatic
reality for palestinians and he said
that Israel was violating the word and
the spirit of international human rights
is the body fer dinner Israel has
recently announced its intent to create
more occupation units on our lands it is
adopted a law which legitimizes the
theft of occupied Palestinian lands what
the hell did now he was making that
opening statement to the human rights he
was making that opening statement to the
Human Rights Council and he was speaking
for the first time since 2015 which was
the first time he had actually spoken to
the council and he was as we said
talking about the situation for
Palestinians and also calling on Western
nations to back a two-state solution by
recognizing the state of Palestine and
saying look whether it succeeds or not
is really crucial to the whole
credibility for the system of Human
Rights ok Sarah for joining us they're
alive from Geneva thank you so much for
that
[Music]