War has also triggered protests across
this country and today another outside a
synagogue ctv's Heather right on what
triggered the dueling
demonstrations demonstrators clashed
outside a synagogue just north of
Toronto this afternoon everybody back
police trying to separate the two sides
as tensions flared I feel trapped here
Canada is no longer the country that I
came to is not for on one side of the
street Pro Palestinian protesters
enraged by a real estate seminar
happening inside how is Canada allowing
this illegal Sales Event to take place
here the great real estate event
advertised having experts offering
advice about purchasing properties in
areas that include places in the
occupied West Bank it is uncontable
first of all to be selling stolen
Palestinian land but the synagogue's
Rabbi says that is just an excuse to
Stage a protest outside a place of
worship we've been holding these kinds
of seminars for years where Realtors
from Israel come and they basically just
have an informational evening to show
people what's for sale many members of
the community say this is intimidation
not a demonstration you can't come to a
place of worship and harass prayers and
harass people for being here today prime
minister Justin Trudeau weighed in on
the demonstrations that turn to hate and
harassment and have targeted synagogues
Jewish owned businesses and community
centers there are things to be outraged
about things that people need to
continue to protest about but hateful or
harassing Behavior particularly against
neighbors is not what we do here in
Canada some worry these protests are
escalating an event with Trudeau and
Italy's primee Minister on Saturday in
Toronto was cancelled after police
deemed it unsafe to move the two
politicians inside while on Sunday in
Thor Hill Ontario a man was arrested
accused of bringing a nail gun to a pro
Palestinian rally and allegedly firing
it at protesters police say arrests have
been made here outside the synagogue
today but at this point they won't say
how many or if any charges will be laid
Omar all right hether thank you