tens of thousands marched through London
this the first large scale Pro
Palestinian demonstration since ugly
scenes in the capital on Armistice
Day going on today leaflets handed out
by police warned anyone inciting hatred
would be arrested along the Route police
from forces around the country have been
brought in to support the Met well
they're doing their job and we're we're
doing our job it's not hate much cuz you
can see it's really peaceful there's
nothing's going to happen everything's
fine it's
peaceful but away from the main March a
separate much smaller protest organized
by hisb but teria the same group that
held a demo last month where the word
Jihad was
chanted there were tears for Palestinian
children but police on alert two women
were pulled over by officers and asked
to translate their banners the best
transl would be who will roll up this
leaves for heaven but without an
independent interpreter on the ground
police asked the women to wait this is
an example of the difficult Balancing
Act police have allowing Free Speech but
not allowing anything that incites
hatred or promotes
terrorism after several minutes of
confusion they arrested them you under
arrest and suspicion section 4 a
religious um
4 a um
aggravated order how can you arrest us
for defense they were taken to a police
station for
questioning is terrorist back on the
main March demonstrators said protests
will continue until there's a permanent
ceasefire not just a temporary halt to
the fighting it's a pause it's not a
ceasefire we want Israel to stop bombing
Gaza that's why we're
out we want peace that's what we're out
for and organizers defended the rights
of the protesters we have very clear
laws uh that Define what is and what is
not acceptable uh the police's job is to
implement those laws uh they have been
policing these marches uh they have had
to arrest a handful of people we know
they're under huge political pressure
including people who are trying to
conflate anti-Semitism with legitimate
advocacy for Palestinian
rights but those suspected of crossing a
line were taken away by
[Applause]
officers proactive policing after
criticism by some of too little
intervention at previous
protests
occation and at the end a small group
causing trouble faced a robust response
Becky Johnson Sky News Central London