Israel is at War we didn't want this war
it was forced Upon Us in the most brutal
and Savage way but though Israel didn't
start this war Israel will finish
it prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
declaring a state of war against Hamas
in response to Saturday's attack on
Israel Netanyahu better known as BB is
known for his hawkish attitude when it
comes to securing
Israel
he began his political career in 1993
when he was elected the chairman of the
liquid party he led the opposition to
1996 when he beat shyan Perez and became
the youngest prime minister of Israel
Netanyahu has been the Prime Minister
three times since covering a span of 16
years he's Israel's longest tenur prime
minister experts say netanyahu's biggest
strength is his Mr security image but
this image has been shaken by the latest
developments Netanyahu is the first
Prime Minister born after Israel
declared independence in May
[Music]
1948 Benjamin Netanyahu was born on the
21st of October 1949 in a Jewish Family
in Tel Aviv he spent his childhood first
in Tel Aviv and then in Philadelphia he
returned to Israel in 1967 and joined
the Israeli Army he left the Army after
reaching the rank of Captain he went to
America and completed his studies at the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology he
joined an American company as an
economic consultant he then returned to
Israel in
1978 and founded the Jonathan Netanyahu
anti an- terrorism Institute in his
brother's memory he also served as
Israel's permanent representative to the
UN from 1984 to
1988 Netanyahu has also been credited
for taking steps for economic reforms in
Israel Benjamin Netanyahu has carefully
cultivated an image of a leader who puts
Israel first he's accused of paying
little attention to resolving the
longstanding Israel pal conflict that
has deep religious and historical
[Music]
Origins Saturday's Hamas attack is a
throwback to the last time Israel faced
an intelligence failure of this
magnitude in
1950 the question is how will King BB
regain lost crown with Prashant in New
Delhi Bureau report
[Music]
NDTV