over in the Middle East Hamas has
reportedly proposed a hostage swap for a
temporary ceasefire deal but whether or
not Israel accepts this remains unclear
meanwhile the Israeli defense minister
said that Hamas has lost control of Gaza
Shin haong tells us
more Hamas said on Monday local time
that it was ready to release up to 70
women and children held in Gaza in
return for a 5 day truths with Israel in
a message on hamas's official telegram
channel the group said the Armistice
should include a complete ceas fire and
humanitarian aid for the Gaza Strip this
comes after Hamas previously halted
hostage in negotiations when Israeli
operations Clos in on the daral shifa
hospital in Gaza City living the medical
complex with thousands of patients at
Breaking Point without electricity and
water and in need of vital Aid thousands
had to flee as gunfire and bombing
continued outside its compound the US
also emphasized that a ceasefire for
several days was necessary for the
release of the hostages and then
ultimately we'd like to see considerably
longer pauses days not hours uh in the
context of a hostage release and that's
being actively worked on as well however
it remains uncertain whether Israel will
accept this as Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu has already said
there will be no ceasefire or supply of
fuel into Gaza until the release of more
than 200 hostages Israel still considers
Hamas as a Target to
destroy this is neither an operation nor
a round but a war to the end this is not
lip service but from the heart and mind
if we do not finish them it will come
back Israeli defense minister YF gallan
said Monday that Hamas had lost control
over the Gaza Strip as residents no
longer trusted the Hamas government
Gallant said that Israel's action in
Gaza continued to destroy Hamas
infrastructure and kill Hamas commanders
and that the terrorists were heading
south leading to success in the northern
part of the Gaza Strip meanwhile the
Israel Defense Forces said they
successfully took over the Palestinian
legislative Council building in Gaza
which has only served hamas's
lawmakers an image circulating on social
media shows ID of troops inside gaza's
Parliament building after capturing the
site Shong idang news