dozens of Palestinians were killed and
more than 150 injured after Israeli
forces said they launched an attack on
gaza's largest refugee camp in the
northern part of the occupied
Palestinian territory the jabalia
refugee camp is actually the largest of
the eight refugee camps in Gaza and it
has over 1 lak 16,000 Palestinian
refugees as per the un's refugee agency
Israel's military has said that they
have taken control of Hamas military
stronghold in jabalia and announced that
they had killed a Hamas Commander as
well but Israel as we have been
reporting has gradually increased the
number of its troops in the Gaza Strip
as part of what Benjamin Nathan yahu
called the second stage of the war
without refering to a ground Invasion
meanwhile as Western leaders struggle to
send a unified message on the Israel
Hamas War as well as the thousands of
Civilian casualties gaza's largest
telecommunications provider is reporting
this morning that Communications and
internet services have have been
completely cut off in the Gaza Strip yet
again due to international access being
disconnected and in a correspondence
shared on social media the director of
the New York office of the UN High
Commissioner for human rights Craig
mohba has resigned from his post saying
this is a textbook case of genocide but
as we had reported in a statement
Israel's primee Minister Benjamin
nathany ahu issued to foreign media he
dismissed international calls for a
ceasefire adding that regardless of who
stands with Israel Israel will fight
until the battle is won but the United
States meanwhile call for pauses but the
US has also refused to call for a
ceasefire with the US President Joe
Biden saying Israel should be able to
defend itself but Colombia has become
the latest country to register
diplomatic protest against Israel and
the country's leftwing president Gustavo
P has said he had recalled his
Ambassador over what he termed was
Israel's Massacre of the pal Palestinian
people earlier we had also reported that
Chile had also recalled its ambassador
from Israel while Bolivia has cut TI
with the country entirely