9
Hamas murdered children in front of
their parents and parents in front of
their children they burnt people alive
they raped and murdered women they
beheaded soldiers they they
search for the secret hiding places
where parents hid their children and
just imagine Mr President the the fear
and the Panic of those little children
in their last
moments as the monsters discovered found
out their hiding places Kamas kidnapped
women children elderly Holocaust
survivals I know you share our outrage
on this and I know you share our
determination to bring these people
back on October
7th Hamas murdered 1,400 Israelis maybe
more this would be equivalent to over
50,000 Americans murdered in a single
day that's
2911 Mr President you rightly said that
Hamas is worse than Isis the German
chancellor who visited here yesterday
said that Hamas were the new Nazis
you're both right and just as a
civilized World United to defeat the
Nazis and United to defeat Isis the
Civilized world must unite to defeat
Hamas
benjam
[Music]
I want to thank you for coming here
today and for the unequivocal support
you have given Israel during these
trying
times a support that reflects the
overwhelming will of the American
people I've seen your support every day
in the depth and breadth of cooperation
that we have had since the beginning of
this war a level of cooperation that is
truly unprecedented in the history of
the great alliance between our two
Nations we see that support and your
steadfast commitment to provide Israel
with the tools we need to defend
ourselves we see that support in the
clear message you've sent our enemies
not to test our resolve and in the two
American carrier battle groups that you
sent to the region to back up those
words with action but above all Mr
President the world sees that support in
the moral Clarity that you have
demonstrated from the moment Israel was
attacked you've ly drawn a clear line
between the forces of civilization and
the forces of barbarism you described
what Kamas did as sheer evil it is
exactly
that