President Joe Biden was in t Aviv there
was another meeting happening in Beijing
uh NR tangent is this an emergence of a
new AIS we do know about Iran and its
role um the Iranians have been pretty
clear about their stand on Palestine now
there is that meeting that took place
between Xi Jinping and Vladimir
Putin well I I don't think the two have
anything to do with each other except uh
when you start considering how different
they are uh the US uh without
overstating the obvious if they want to
put pressure on Israel can simply say
that we're not going to supply you with
the bullets and bombs that are killing
all of these
civilians uh that has not been said
apparently uh maybe it has in private
but it certainly has not in public and I
would agree with my predecessors here
that you know what people are looking at
especially in the Arab world are
children children who look exactly like
their children women women who look
exactly like their wives and sisters and
mothers who are being killed that is not
something that's going to go away uh
right now what you see is the planting
of seeds of further tragedy in the
future uh the children who have suffered
under this will whether they're Israeli
or whether they are
Palestinian they will be radicalized
because of this trauma that's been
created there are no Heroes here only
villains and victims so at this juncture
um I I I hope that people will realize
that the path is towards peace towards
figuring out a way to implement the
two-state solution that has been
rejected by Israel and figure out a way
in which the Palestinians can speak with
one voice right now they have two it's
impossible to negotiate with somebody
who has two heads who never dis never
agree with each other this time the
world puts their foot down and said
enough of this killing of innocent
people they need to stand with Humanity
not with Israel or Palestine