well prime minister thank you for your
warm words and for welcoming me to
Israel I'm just sorry to be here in such
terrible circumstances in the last two
weeks this country has gone through
something that no country no people
should have to endure least of all
Israel which has lived through some of
the most awful scenes the Spectre of
violence and terrorism every day of its
existence and I want to share the Deep
condolences of the British people and
stress that we absolutely support
Israel's right to defend itself in line
with international law to go after Hamas
to take back hostages deter further in
incursions and to strengthen your
security for the long term now I know
that you are taking every precaution to
avoid harming civilians in direct
contrast to the terrorists of Hamas
which seek to put civilians In Harm's
Way but I also want to thank you for the
support that your government has given
to the families of British Nationals
caught up in the this horror including
your efforts to release the hostages
secure their release and I know that we
will continue to cooperate particularly
with regard through the British
Nationals that are involved can I also
say that we have seen the scenes over
the past day that have shocked all of us
particularly at the hospital and we
mourn the loss of every innocent life
civilians of every Faith every
nationality who have been killed and we
also recognize that the Palestinian
people are victims of Hamas too and that
is why I welcome your decision yesterday
that you took to ensure that Roots into
Gaza will be opened for humanitarian Aid
to enter I'm glad that you made that
decision we will support it we're
increasing our Aid to the region and we
will look to get more support to people
as quickly as we can uh the last thing
for me to close on is this you describe
this as Israel's Darkest Hour well then
it's for me to say I'm proud to stand
here with you in Israel's Darkest Hour
as your friend we will stand with you in
solidarity we will stand with your
people and we also want you to win thank
you thank you thank you very much