iran-backed militia the hutis have
claimed that over 400 strikes by the US
and the UK have targeted Yemen so far
the leader Abdul Malik Al huti has
alleged that these air strikes have
killed 37 and wounded another
30 the American British aggression on
our country in support of the Israeli
enemy and to protect its crimes in the
Gaza Strip has continued and it is
approaching 3 months during which They
carried out 424 strikes and Naval
bombardments with a focus on targeting
missile forces drones Navy and air
defense the casualties during these
operations and targeting reached 37
maros and 30
wounded
the Iran aligned houthis who control
Yemen's capital and most populous areas
have targeted international shipping in
the Red Sea since November they claim
the attacks come in solidarity with the
Palestinians the attacks have drawn
American and British retaliatory strikes
since February in a televised speech
from an undisclosed location Al huti has
now said that 90 ships have been
targeted in the Red Sea so far meanwhile
drone attacks have also increased and
expanded to additional regions during
the past month alone the houis have
carried out 34 operations using 125
ballistic missiles and drones the
militant groups leader has claimed that
the Americans and the British have
acknowledged their complete inability to
stop the
attacks we affirm the failure of the
enemies and their inability to prevent
or limit the operations the results
achieved by our forces in targeting this
large number of ships are very
significant despite the enemy's attempts
at disguise and their attempts to Target
they
F drone and missile attacks in the Red
Sea have disrupted global Shipping
through the vital SE Canal linking Asia
and Europe they have forced firms to
take the longer Route Around
Africa
for all the latest news download the Von
app And subscribe to our YouTube channel