coutur says mamas has given a generally
positive response to a proposed truce
deal with Israel now the news comes as
the UN reported 67% of the Gaza Strip is
now under an evacuation order is has
more Qatar says Hamas has given a
generally positive response to a
proposed truce deal with Israel as the
militant group reiterated its call for
an end to the Israeli assault on Gaza
according to Qatari Prime Minister shik
Muhammad Alani Hamas had a positive
response to the proposed deal being
brokered by the US Qatar and Egypt but
did not provide further details Hamas
said in a statement that its leadership
had reviewed the ceasefire deal with a
positive spirit including details of
securing relief and shelter
reconstruction the lifting of a
17-year-old crippling Siege and the
completion of the prisoner exchange
process US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin who is once again in the Middle
East will meet with his officials and
discussed the proposed Tru deal
meanwhile Israel Defense Forces
spokesman Daniel hagari said Tuesday
that more than $ 150 million us were
transferred from Iran to the militant
group adding the funds were utilized by
Hamas to sustain its operations
underground hagari also underscored the
implications of Iran's support for
terrorism adding it may extend beyond
the middle east region updating on the
Israeli hostages held by Hamas the
spokesman said that 30 1 of the hostages
held in Gaza are confirmed to have died
Israel has said 136 hostages are still
being held in Gaza with the armed
conflict between Israel and Hamas now
spanning 4 months the UN says Israel's
evacuation orders in the Gaza Strip Now
cover 2/3 of the territory the UN office
for the coordination of humanitarian
Affairs said Tuesday that more than half
of gaza's population is now crammed into
the town of Rafa on the border with
Egypt and surrounding areas
news