like the winds that howl through the
streets of Russia's capital its
relationship with the UK is equally icy
the new Cold War now deepening in
severity as British ministers accuse the
cremin of a frontal assault not with
weapons but with cyber attacks a unit
within the Russian Federal Security
Service known as Center 18 has been
behind sustained hostile cyber
operations center 18 he says is operated
by officers representing the Russian
Secret Service with one single objective
meddling in British politics according
to the UK government parliamentarians
civil servants and many others have been
targeted for years the foreign secretary
had this to say about Russia and Russian
hackers we've also announced um
sanctions that we've taken very publicly
in this case against two individuals
linked to the FSB the Russian
intelligence service who've been
undermining democracy in Britain and
using cyber attacks and we've called
that out in a I think quite right and
public way to say that this is
unacceptable and mustn't happen in
future today the foreign secretary
summoned the Russian ambassador from his
Embassy here in London with a clear
message that these actions have
consequen
however we understand that the
Ambassador was unavailable to be
summoned the message was still
communicated but both sides really
struggling here to do the Diplomatic bit
diplomatically hold it up hold it up
this perhaps the best known example of a
Russian Hack papers on anglo-american
relations posted online were used by the
former labor leader Jeremy Corbin as
proof of government plans to privatize
the
NHS a former head of MI6 wasn't
particularly surprised Sir Richard dear
loves a victim his emails pinched by
Russia we have the means to punch back
at the Russians on this issue but we
should make it absolutely clear to them
that this is completely unacceptable
behavior and I'm very pleased what the
government's done uh and I'm reassured
by them taking that but will it stop no
it won't it'll carry on the Russians
aren't likely to pay much notice to the
British government but today's
announcement does put this country on
alert vigilance at home may be the best
form of Defense John Sparks Sky News
Westminster