also in Riad the two sides released
their first joint statement in 43 years
the two also freshly voiced concerns
over the Israel Hamas conflict our Kim
Doan has the
details South Korean Saudi Arabia
jointly rejected actions targeting
civilians in the escalating situation
between Israel and Palestine while
agreeing to work with the International
Community for Swift humanitarian
assistance to suffering civilians the
statement also said the two sides stress
the importance of intensifying efforts
to prevent the conflict from spreading
and the need for political solution and
durable peace based on the two-state
solution this as hor and Riyad came up
with a joint statement on Tuesday their
first in 43 years in light of President
yunsang State visit to Saudi Arabia
hosted by Saudi Crown Prince Muhammad
bin Salan the statement comprised of 44
specific items of cooperation between s
and Riad covered all areas from economic
cooperation and cultural exchanges to
Regional Security in the Middle East and
East Asia the two also agreed to
actively explore the expansion of mutual
investments in areas including the
hydrogen economy smart cities future
Mobility means and startups as the two
countries celebrate 50 years since South
Korea's first construction project in
Saudi Arabia they agree to continue
building on this exchange with saudi's
ambitious Vision 2030 and na own project
and other Giga projects such as the Red
Sea project the statement also showed
motivations for the two to enhance
cooperation in defense and defense
industry in fact on Monday president Yun
also met with khed bin saman Al Saudi
defense minister and other military
officials where they showed interest in
jointly working with South Kore arms
production the top office says this has
has paid the way for even more export
deals for South Korean arms companies
energy cooperation conventional and new
was also mentioned in the statement
Saudi Arabia pledged to be the most
reliable partner for crude oil while
South Korea is set to work with Riad for
clean hydrogen and peaceful use of
nuclear energy both sides also welcom
the growing popularity of Korean culture
in Saudi Arabia and agreed expanding
opportunities for civilian exchanges
between the two countries Kim
news