the Israel Defense Force is identifying
a newly freed hostage as an Israeli
captur October 7th as Hamas wages
terrorist attack on
Israel the Israeli government releasing
new video of a heartfelt reunion showing
Israeli military private Orie mides now
home with her family after clearing a
medical examination the Israel Defense
Forces say mides was rescued during an
IDF ground operation in Gaza where she
was held captive for more than 3 weeks
in Chicago Israeli American Natalie
ranan has returned home she and her
mother were among the first tamas
hostages freed while we celebrating the
return of Natalie back to her home in
Chicago we have to remember that there's
still 239 hostages in the hands of Hamas
in the Gaza Street on the warfront a
Relentless exchange of Rocket fire
between Israel and Hamas Israel
rejecting calls for a ceasefire just as
the the United States would not agree to
a ceasefire after the bombing of Pearl
Harbor or after the terrorist attack of
911 Israel will not agree to a sociation
of hostilities with Hamas the White
House supporting Israel but what we have
said should be considered and explored
are temporary localized humanitarian
posit to allow Aid across Gaza civilian
suffering UNICEF reporting more than 400
children in Gaza are killed or injured
daily the Palestinian red crescent says
26 more Aid trucks crossed into Gaza
Monday Amit concerns about worsening
humanitarian conditions in meantime the
Pentagon reports iran-backed militants
launched three new attacks on US
military sites in recent days no
injuries or damage
reported hi everyone George
Stephanopoulos here thanks for checking
out the ABC News YouTube channel if
you'd like to get more videos show
highlights and watch live event coverage
click on the right over here to
subscribe to our Channel and don't
forget to download the ABC News app for
breaking news alerts thanks for
watching