the u.s house has now approved a one
billion dollar funding for israel's iron
dome missile defense system after
democrats controversially stripped the
funding from a separate bill to prevent
a government shutdown due to the
objections earlier this week now the
move comes at a time when speculations
about broadening rift among the
democrats over u.s policy towards one of
its closest allies israel are at its
peak the billion dollar funding was
earlier included in the must-pass
legislation that the house considered
earlier this week but the proposal was
struck from the final draft to appease a
group of lawmakers who threatened to
sink the legislation unless the proposal
was removed from it the bill was passed
by 420 to 9 votes with two members
voting present each democrat and one
republican voted against the bill
israeli prime minister naftali bennett
and foreign minister yalaped meanwhile
has thanked the u.s house of
representatives for their sweeping
support in backing the bill
the new legislation will provide
additional funding to replace missile
interceptors that were used during the
heavy conflict with the mass in me
is
i want to use this opportunity to thank
leaders from both parties
for their support for israel's security
israel has no better friend than the
united states of america now israel's
iron dome defense system is designed to
intercept rockets mid-air by firing
interceptor missiles the united states
has so far funded 1.6 billion dollars to
israel to provide batteries interceptors
co-production costs for the iron dome as
well
[Music]
[Applause]
beyond is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move