Israeli forces intensify their
bombardment across the Gaza Strip the
Hamas run Gaza Health Ministry claims
more than 150 people were killed in
Israel's latest attack on Friday Israel
accused of Hamas of using civilians as
human Shields the UN is accusing Israel
of blocking Aid efforts to the north as
the humanitarian crisis there worsens
but Israel claims it's Hamas that's
diverting the aid Charlie Daga is in Tel
Charlie good
morning good morning to you at the war
in Gaza grinding ever closer to the 100
day Mark tomorrow the death toll
continues to climb by the day with no
end in sight and the Israeli military
spokesman saying it will continue
through
2024 the Hamas run Health Ministry in
Gaza said the number of dead has now
topped more than
23,000 save the children says more than
10 10,000 children are among them but
the threat isn't just artillery and air
strikes it's also malnutrition and some
cases starvation Aid agencies say
blaming Israel for not getting enough
food in this is a scene just a few days
ago when desperate residents of Gaza
swarmed an aid truck we visited the Kem
Shalom crossing the only one between
Israel and Gaza which was reopened about
a month ago the Israeli military said
that roughly 70 Aid trucks like this
would cross into Gaza before the war now
around 110 but that is in direct
contrast to what eight agencies are
saying on the ground inside Gaza I I
really think that uh while Hamas and
other organizations maybe have a have a
need to build a narrative of starvation
and other I would say humanitarian
crisis says the only thing that you
should stick that we should stick is the
effect on the ground the colonel told us
a agency under Staffing is more to blame
for failing to distribute food which he
described as more than enough to feed
the entire population whatever the case
there's a disconnect between the Israeli
military and Aid agencies and it's the
residents of Gaza who are suffering
because of
it now Israelis tell us the world needs
to remember it's also almost 100 days
since Hamas started this war the
massacre of more than 12200 people 100
days since more than 130 hostages remain
missing no closer to coming home Dana
all right Charlie Daga and Tel aiv thank
you