we all are familiar with the quad
grouping who share a common objective of
free and open indo-pacific but now there
is a new west asian quad that has been
established it is called the
i2u2 it comprises of four nations that
is india israel united states and uae
and the first summit of the new grouping
of four nations will take place next
month during u.s president joe biden's
in-person visit to israel biden will
hold the virtual summit with indian
prime minister narendra modi israeli
prime minister nathalie bennett and uae
president mohammed bin zayed al-nahyan
the focus of the meet will be on the
food security crisis and other areas of
cooperation across the hemisphere
especially where uae and israel serve as
innovation hubs now the virtual meet
will also outline israel's increasing
integration into the region in the year
2021 the four nations decided to launch
this new grouping sometimes referred to
as west ancient quad
the creation of this squad is seen as
one of the key dividends of the abraham
accords that saw the normalization of
ties between israel and the uae
so far the new grouping called the i2u2
has met only at foreign ministers level
the first meet took place during indian
external affairs minister dr s
jashankar's visit to israel in october
last year
during that time the foreign ministers
of all four nations discussed key focus
areas which were trade climate and
maritime security and they also explored
possibilities for joint infrastructure
projects and transportation and
technology
now the summit level meet of the west
asian quad comes at a time when the quad
between us india japan and australia
have increased the engagement last month
quad met for the second time second time
in person in tokyo
[Music]
you