now with the US continuing its
diplomatic Outreach in the wake of
Israel's Crackdown against Hamas new
reports now suggest President Joe Biden
has been invited by Israel's prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu to visit
Israel on a solidarity visit but the
White House continues to Be watchful of
the unfolding situation while White
House officials declined to comment on
the invite President Joe Biden in an
interview said that any move by Israel
to occupy the Gaza Strip again would be
a big mistake since the war the United
States it's vowed to show wavering
support for Israel and that is not just
in terms of escalating diplomatic
relations but also by bolstering its
fire power in West Asia the Biden
Administration until now it's ordered
the aircraft carrier Gerald R Ford
alongside five guided missile Cruisers
and destroyers and now a second US
aircraft carrier it's all set to join
the fleet earlier Biden outlined the US
military assistant being assistance
being sent to help Israel in its fight
and said that he would ask Congress to
take urgent
action however after his third phone
call in 4 days with prime minister
Netanyahu Biden promised more
interceptors used by Israel's iron doome
missile defense system the US president
further said he's confident Israel will
act under the rules of war in its
conflict with Palestine last few months
have witnessed a complicated
relationship between Biden and Netanyahu
with Israel leader failing to even get a
White House invite as Israel goes ahead
with its offensive the two allies will
be put to a further test all this in the
wake of heavy diplomatic Outreach by US
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin who
is now scheduled to return to Israel
he's expected to hold talks about the
way forward after several days of
shuttle diplomacy between the Arab
states the US top Diplomat since
Wednesday last week has been on a West
Asia crisis trip and meet diplomats has
met diplomats in Qatar Saudi Arabia
Bahrain the United Arab Emirates and
Egypt
Theon is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move