[Music]
it's an early start for Hamza Sharleen
his brother and their cousin
the walk to school for the three boys as
long and tiring
about a hundred and seventy children
from five Bedouin villagers attend their
school the students should be on their
summer break like others in the occupied
West Bank but Hamza and his friends are
fighting to not only keep their school
open but to keep it from being torn down
even if they demolish our school we will
keep coming here this is our land they
can demolish we will rebuild
the school was built in 2009 with money
raised by local NGOs and the European
Union but it's located in an area the
Israeli government has designated as
state land now they want to tear it down
since the 1970s Israel has earmarked the
Bedouin village of canal Omar where the
school is located for destruction it's
on the outskirts of Jerusalem
at the start of July demolition crews
supported by Israeli police and soldiers
tried to destroy the village but
hundreds of villagers and activists
blocked the demolitions this would not
only be a war crime it would not only be
an act of ethnic cleansing that is
violating international law it would be
actually an act that would lead to the
destruction of 24 other communities that
will lead to diseases and the beginning
of the annexation of 62% of the West
Bank which means beginning of the
process of killing the possibility of an
independent Palestinian state
last week Israel's Supreme Court granted
a temporary injunction to stop the
demolition villagers have until
mid-august to appeal the demolition
order but even if they lose in court
they've pledged to remain defiant
we came here to protect the school from
the Jews they decided to demolish the
school they will destroy the school and
build a settlement for Israel Hamza and
his community of blocking expansion
plans to merge the city of Jerusalem
with West Bank settlements but for the
Bedouins losing their homes is like
trying to erase their existence then
said TRT world
[Music]