now to Gaza where Israel is defending
itself against Palestinian allegations
that its troops intentionally attacked
people waiting for Aid gaza's Health
Ministry says more than 100 people were
killed when refugees swarmed a food
Convoy in Gaza City and Israeli soldiers
opened fire as in TS Tire reports the
Israelis say they were in danger
thousands of desperate Palestinians had
gathered to find food on a rare
humanitarian
Convoy when eyewitnesses say Israeli
forces open fire
indiscriminately Medics say dozens were
killed and hundreds injured Israel's
military released this heavily edited
drone video of what it says shows how
many were killed in a stampede around
the aid trucks but admitted to shooting
at a smaller group of people which
Lieutenant Colonel Peter learner
described as an imminent threat how do
you define a threat were they shooting
at you were they doing anything anybody
approaching the forces despite being um
warned wared not to pose a threat at
Gaza City's barely functioning hospitals
doctors told CBS News the majority of
the Dead were from gunshot
wounds we ran towards the food AIDS says
eyewitness anward Hela the Israeli
soldiers then started firing at us and
so we left the food and ran there's been
widespread Global condemnation of the
attack which Palestinian leaders are
calling a heinous Massacre it occurred
on the same day the Hamas run Ministry
of hell said more than 30,000
Palestinians mainly women and children
have been killed since the start of the
war and after what President Biden is
calling a tragic and alarming incident
he said he would continue to push for a
ceasefire and hostage release deal
between Israel and Hamas as well as ramp
up Aid to Gaza where the UN says half a
million Palestinians face acute
starvation
Gail why that is tough to hear thank you
very much MTS tab in Jerusalem