the last hour qat has announced that the
Israel Hamas truce is to be extended by
2 days the 4-day pause in fighting was
due to expire tomorrow speaking to the
Reuters news agency recently as well a
Hamas official also confirmed that
extension and as part of this new deal
we understand that more hostages will be
released from Gaza in exchange for
Palestinian prisoners well let's cross
live to Tel Aviv then CLA Paka is our
reporter covering development she's with
me now Claire it was only about half an
hour ago that you and I were talking on
the air and you were saying it seems we
could be close to an extension and now
here we are apparently it's happened a
big moment indeed for Israel and for the
Palestinians certainly here I am in Tel
Aviv on what's become known as hostages
Plaza this is an area which has been a
gathering point for the families of the
Israeli hostages in Gaza at the moment
as well as people who support them and
clearly everyone here sees this as a
very good piece of news but what we keep
hearing over and over again whenever we
speak to the families of the hostages
who are still inside as well as those
who managed to meet their loved ones
again those who've been released in the
last few days they all say all the
hostages need to come home and we will
not stop fighting and putting pressure
on the Israeli government to negotiate
to get all the members of our families
home of course this is also good news
for Palestinian
Palestinian families of those prisoners
this is good news for them as well we've
seen 39 Palestinian prisoners released
on day one day two and three and we're
expecting 33 later this evening and this
is obviously very good news for the
people of Gaza as well who have seen a
breather a break in the fighting nearly
seven weeks of fighting a break in that
fighting as well as more Aid getting
into the Gaza Strip so certainly this is
a good piece of news but at the same
time the backdrop to this is that Israel
has been saying as soon as this deal
comes to an end it's going to go back I
quote full power onto the battlefields
it's drawing up its battle plans right
now so there is a context here and while
this is a good piece of news for tonight
certainly people here on hostages Plaza
are hoping that the negotiations are
going to go on Beyond these extra two
days that we're seeing now