Israeli Defense Forces have successfully
reached the tunnels in Gaza twice almost
catching hold of the top Hamas leader
Yaya Sinar now according to the reports
Sinar had narrowly escaped from The
Tunnel right before the IDF managed to
reach him now IDF spokesperson said that
it had specific information about the
tunnel where Sinar was hiding however he
fled the tunnel only a few hours before
the IDF conducted The
Raid local media Outlets reported
earlier that IDF operations have been
focused around the southern Gaza City of
KH yunes this with the primary objective
of killing Yaya Sinar now Sinar has
escaped capture by the IDF twice in
recent days further other reports also
indicate that the Hamas leader is now on
the move and hasn't been staying in one
place for a long period now this man HUD
has led the Israeli troops to uncover a
previous hiding space of of Muhammad da
the commander of hamas's military Wing
earlier on Sunday Israeli soldiers
raided the vacation homes of several
Hamas leaders Sinar being one of them
the ID of captured the office of hamas's
Khan Unis Brigade Commander this along
with an underground and Terror
infrastructure the forces also captured
the main square of bani suela which is a
suburb of K
yunes Sinar is currently believed to be
hiding in K yunes he had early fled the
north of the Strip by using a
humanitarian Convoy during the ongoing
conflict with Israel now despite other
reports there is no confirmation of his
residence in Kan yunes Israeli forces
have called Sinar in The Mastermind of
the October 7th attack the worst attack
that their nation has ever faced when
hundreds of Hamas gunmen crossed the
border and rampaged through towns now as
the conflict intensifies Israel vows to
continue its operations until reaching
senior Mass
officials