a Danish frate deployed to the Red Sea
suffered a Weapons Systems malfunction
after it was attacked by drones operated
by houi rebels last month now the
frate has now docked in Denmark the
faure has prompted the government to
dismiss its top military official
Fleming lenta meanwhile Danish defense
minister hson said that the dismissal
was a result of a breach of trust lener
failed to inform the minister in detail
about the incident on the 9th of March
when the frate was attacked by Hui
Rebels the wessels captain and
commanding officer said that despite the
malfunction the frate shot down four
houi
drones but we did have some uh some some
sistent failure or assistant degration
which challenged a bit our our
engagement but at at no time during the
engagement where we left defenseless
uh we have redundancies on board so we
were able to continue fighting and
neutralizing the
threats the frate which returned to
corser Naval Base had been deployed as
part of the US Le operation Prosperity
Guardian to help Safeguard commercial
sea traffic in the in the red SE in a
separate incident an activated but
faulty missile launcher on another
Danish Navy
Wessel docked next to this frate
triggered the closure of airspace and
shipping traffic in the green in the
great belt straight the straight is one
of the world's busiest sea lanes and
Main Maritime access to the Baltic Sea
now this is not the first time a
European military weapon has malfunction
last month Britain's defense Chief tried
to reassure lawmakers after a missile
test launched by one of the country's
Trident nuclear submarines reportedly
misfired and plopped into the ocean in
2022 December German defense minister
Christine warned about malfunctioned
tanks and the tanks known as Pumas
suffered a myed of malfunctions
including electronic failures now
soldiers had to abandon one of the tanks
of after its wiring caught fire in 2018
a German warship was scorched by its own
missile the American M sm2 air defense
missile failed to clear its own Silo in
2013 a French ballistic missile test has
was ended in Failure it ended in Failure
pardon me after the missile destroyed
itself just minutes after its launch
from a nuclear submarine of Britany
[Music]
Coast