in their latest rounds of talks US
President Joe Biden and Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu discussed
the possibility of implementing a quote
unquote tactical pause in the ongoing
war between Israel and Hamas according
to the White House this pause would
serve humanitarian purposes and
potentially involve the release of
hostages White House NSC coordinator for
strategic Communications John Kirby
emphasized that the US and Israeli
governments will maintain continuous
communication something that will help
explore the feasibility of these
temporary ceasefires both leaders have
agreed to continue their discussions in
the coming days John Kirby told
reporters that the White House will
continue to advocate for temporary and
localized pauses as this is just the
beginning of a long conversation on the
other hand Israel's prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu also appears willing
to consider allowing some form of a
humanitarian pause amid ongoing fighting
in Gaza but in a US interview after his
phone call with President Biden nyaho
reiterated that he there will be no
ceasefire without the release of
hostages well there will be no uh
ceasefire General ceasefire in Gaza
without the release of our hostages as
far as tactical little pauses and our
here and our there we've had them before
I suppose uh we'll check the
circumstances in order to enable uh
Goods humanitarian Goods to come in or
our hostages uh individual hostages to
leave but I don't think there's going to
be a general
ceasefire now as more Americans prepare
to leave Gaza an aid continues to enter
the besieged area talks between
President Biden and prime minister
Netanyahu focused on increasing the flow
of trucks carrying Aid and further
facilitating the safe evacuation of more
individuals from the area however little
progress has been made while efforts
continue to establish a sustainable
solution and long lasting peace on the
Middle
East
[Music]