what would have once been a bustling
Street in Gaza is now a gray burnt
landscape this road has been punctured
by a graping crater the result of one of
many Israeli strikes that have hit the
Enclave these Garin rush to clear away
the debris but with nothing to rely on
but their bare hands it's a slow process
others are evacuating people from
buildings on the verge of
collapse without warning they us without
any warning it was an F-16 plane there
was no warning nothing and look for
yourself you can see the
destruction dozens of rockets fell on
people while they were sleeping there
were no alarms or anything like that so
we started running through the streets
we weren't prepared because we were in
our
beds the Gaza Strip was pummeled with
strikes by the Israeli Army throughout
the night this is the reality of a vow
of Mighty Vengeance from Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin netan Yahoo after
hamas's surprise attack on Saturday the
military says the goal is to annihilate
positions held by Hamas militants over
800 targets have been hit our job is to
make sure that at the end of this war
Hamas will no longer have any military
capabilities to threaten Israeli
civilians
with and in addition to that we are also
to make sure that Hamas will not be able
to govern the Gaza Strip many buildings
homes burnt to the ground hundreds are
dead among them many civilians a
situation condemned by the Palestinian
Authority based in the West
Bank the scenes of Devastation inflicted
on Palestinian civilians in the Gaza
Strip are harrowing as an occupying
power Israel has no right or
justification to Target the defenseless
civilian population of Gaza or elsewhere
in
Palestine according to Israeli forces
one 100,000 Army reservists are gathered
in the South the world is watching
waiting to see whether Israel will
launch a ground attack on the Gaza Strip
now that Hamas and the Islamic Jihad
group claim to be holding hostages there