uncertainty looms over a new ceasefire
deal in the ongoing Israel Hamas war and
Hamas Chief Ismail Han's visit to Egypt
to Egypt and mad's Chief's engagement
with other officials for the talks was
seen as a positive sign however both
sides have again indicated that a new
agreement right now might be off the
table Hamas has reportedly rejected an
Israeli proposal for a week-long truths
as it has insisted for Israel to
implement a ceasefire before
negotiations Israel prime minister
Benjamin nun yahu has meanwhile vowed to
continue with the war and eliminate
Hamas uh
US President Joe Biden also said that
the country is pushing for a new deal
however it is not expected soon
meanwhile a United Nations security
Council vote on Gaza has again been
delayed for the third day straight and
this as Biden says that us support for
the resolution is still unresolved us
diplomats are working out to agree on
the language of the draft resolution
calling for a halt in fighting and major
increased Aid deliveries to Gaza Israel
on the other hand has expanded its fight
in Gaza Israeli military says that
troops are now fighting in Z far and the
Raj neighborhood of the Gaza City Israel
has released footage of a vast tunnel
Network they uncovered in Gaza that it
says were used by Hamas leaders an IDF
says that these tunnels are uncovered
from the properties registered to Yahya
Sinar and other senior Hamas organizers
of the October 7th
attack
Israeli Onslaught continues in southern
Gaza where at least 12 people died in
Israeli strikes in Rafa in the last 24
hours while dozens were
wounded
meanwhile Yemen's houti Rebels have
threatened the United States to attack
its warships operating in the region and
this in response to the US announcement
of the establishment of a new
International Coalition to protect
commercial vessels sailing through the
Red Sea houi leader on Wednesday warned
that his forces will Target American
battleships with drones and missiles if
Yemen is
targeted
[Music]
is