random attacks the world does not want
to see a Middle East embroiled in a
cycle of violence in a surprise visit to
Jerusalem the UN chief warned the
ongoing unrest could harm Palestinian
aspirations for statehood and Israelis
longing for stability we must for the
future of our children turn back from
this dangerous hobbies safeguard the
two-state solution and lead people back
into the road towards peace bands trip
came as more suspected Palestinian
attackers were killed by Israeli
security forces in the West Bank his
body lying beside his vehicle this man
tried to ram into group of Israeli
passers-by injuring two people before
being shot dead by police earlier a
protester stabbed and wounded an Israeli
police officer during a demonstration
that turned violent and was gunned down
in the separate attack a Palestinian
driver ran over and killed an Israeli
motorist who was trying to hit
protesters with a club the driver was
later shot and killed dozens of people
have died in stabbings shootings and
ramming across the country after three
weeks of violence Israeli authorities
have widened police powers allowing them
to even fire live bullets on protesters
a move that the Israeli prime minister
says is in self-defense in the face of
this terrorism Israel is acting as any
democracy would to defend its citizens
we are not I heard here we are not using
excessive force in Gaza a protester was
shot and killed a militant group later
identified him as a member Israeli
police said he was a terrorist plotting
an attack the UN Secretary General is
meeting Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas
on Wednesday as well as visiting
families of the victims killed during
the recent violence