[Music]
foreign
[Applause]
spee
spe
fore
foree
[Music]
[Music]
spe
[Music]
you
[Music]
spee
[Music]
[Music]
for
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
it's
[Music]
I saw the reports of the uh strike today
on the UNR facility uh and first and
foremost our condolences go out
to uh the families the loved ones of
those who apparently lost their lives uh
in this strike um I don't know the
details of what happened uh I do know
based on what uh we've heard from the
Israeli government that the ID IDF is
investigating the Israeli Defense Forces
are investigating this incident uh and
of course we will look closely to see
what that investigation
produces I think it does as a general
matter underscore something I talked
about a few minutes ago and that's the
imperative of having much better and
much more consistent
deconfliction humanitarian workers the
agencies they need to be able to do
their jobs in with as much security and
as much confidence as is
possible the Israeli military the
Israeli government have a responsibility
and an obligation to do everything
possible to ensure that the humanit
Arians can do their jobs and among other
things that means making sure that if
there's a humanitarian facility that's
clearly identified it's not Struck it
means making sure that if there's um a
supply Mission a convoy trucks going to
a particular place at a particular time
that uh the Israeli military does
everything in POS possible to ensure its
secure passage look let me just say this
about um our commitment our commitment
is to make sure that um Israel has the
means to defend itself to provide for
own security and that's an enduring
commitment