[Music]
in Jerusalem the funeral for an Israeli
Colonel killed in Gaza on Tuesday one of
the most senior soldiers to die so far
he was one of 10 killed on
Tuesday according to the Israelis nine
were killed in an ambush in Shaya
neighborhood east of Gaza City on
Wednesday the Israeli Army released this
combat footage they say was filmed in
Shaya it's a known Hamas stronghold and
the fighting there has been intense
and house to
house on Wednesday the Israelis said
they had carried out more than 250
strikes across
Gaza there are new concerns about the
humanitarian crisis wet weather has
arrived making life even more difficult
for the hundreds of thousands of
Palestinians now Sheltering under
makeshift tents the Hamas ran Health
Ministry says it is running out of basic
vaccines for children and un agencies
warn of an imminent Public Health
Emergency we all know that the Health
Care system is or has collapsed we've
got a textbook formula for epidemics and
a public health
disaster this is in part of course
because the shelters have long ago
exceeded their full capacity uh with
people lining up for hours just to get
to a toilet one toilet available for
hundreds of people the World Health
organ organization has reported a sharp
rise in acute respiratory infections
lice scabies and diarrhea Israel has
said on Wednesday the military campaign
will continue with or without us support
but Israel is looking increasingly
isolated I say this in the face of great
pain but also in the face of
international pressures nothing will
stop us we will go to the end to the
victory no less than that the intern
National pressure for a ceasefire is
growing and even the US is toughening up
its language calling for Israeli
restraint Simon McGregor wood trt world