meanwhile Israeli forces exchanged fire
with Palestinian militants in the West
Bank on Saturday it was the second day
of raid that left at least two people
dead according to the Palestinian Health
Ministry that is Israeli forces launched
the raid on the Nur Shams area near the
Palestinian city of taram on Friday the
Israeli Army released a video of that it
claimed showed its operation in the area
the Israeli military said it that at
least 10 of the militants were killed
and eight wanted suspects were arrested
eight solders and a border police
officer were wounded in the fire
exchanges the tolam brigades group
includes militants from various
Palestinian factions at least three
drones were seen hovering above Nur
Shams where the Israeli military
vehicles were masked and gunfire were
also heard the area houses 1948 War
refugees Israel's military offensive in
the Gaza Strip has killed at least
34,000 Palestinians and wounded
76,000 since October 7th the Palestinian
enclaves Health Ministry said on
Saturday 37 Palestinians have been
killed and 68 injured in the past 24
hours hundreds of Palestinians marched
in a funeral process session carrying
the bodies of the two men killed in the
settler attack on the village of akara
in the West Bank according to the mayor
of akraba some 50 armed settlers
attacked members of his community and
fired at the Palestinian youth killing
two of them and wounding
others the Israeli military said that it
was looking into the incident as of now
well over the past weekend hundreds of
armed Jewish s ERS have raided
Palestinian Villages near the city of
ramala blocking roads setting houses and
cars of Blaze and firing at civilan
Medics Israeli Authority said that the
escalation began after 14-year-old
Israeli went missing in the West Bank
his body was discovered on Saturday and
what Israel said was a suspected
militant attack the US state department
condemned the killing of the Israeli
team and also said it was increasingly
concerned by violence against
Palestinians in the West Bank
[Music]