and there was some reason for
celebration last week as many hostages
were released but it's so critical that
the world understands that 136 remain
eight of whom are American like your son
right and we know that he's critically
wounded um wounded isn't even I don't
think the most accurate word because I
you know now he is maimed uh disabled
without a limb um um and obviously it
keeps us up at
night knowing that he's in a lot of pain
and discomfort and now that we have
hostages who have come out who are
reporting back that it's not a great
condition that the hostages are in so
the remaining 136 hostage families are
very
concerned uh that we have had no no
update and no
news you mentioned the hostages who have
come out they've described the
conditions of their captivity what do we
know we only know what you know and when
anybody who reads the news and follows
it knows which is certainly they're
malnourished and they're dirty and the
conditions aren't clean we're hearing
that it really depends on where they're
held and by whom um but they're either
sleeping on concrete floors or maybe on
plastic chairs we have heard instances
of
torture
[Music]
um we didn't expect it to be a pretty
story and it certainly is
not you mentioned that there were
moments of hope we had this
7-Day
ceasefire now we've had three days of
resumed
hostilities what does that do to your
hope for your son well well we're
obviously in
anguish and despair
and look we've been going through this
nightmare for so long that there aren't
enough words in any language to explain
what we're feeling and now with the
resumed hostilities we're of course
worried not just about him but about
everyone who's an innocent person in the
way of the crisis that happening and
that's many many people that's civilians
in Gaza that's civilians who were taken
on October 7th who are now in Gaza the
government says that this ground
operation gives them the leverage to
release the hostages do you
agree I mean I'm a mom I'm not a
military
strategist I'm not a political you know
person with accur
I I
don't understand those sort of
strategies I just am worried about my
only son if hirs somehow somewhere can
hear this just know we love you stay
strong
survive we're
coming