good evening thank you for joining us
I'm Yun jangmin we start with the
intense Middle East War along with the
content continuous offensive happening
in southern Gaza humanitarian concerns
are rising about attacks on so-called
safe zones in the region gaza's Health
Ministry run by Hamas says 350 were
killed in the past 24 hours due to
intense Israeli
bombardments pakon starts us
off
3 days after Israel expanded its
military offensive to K Yunis the
largest city in southern Gaza concerns
about possible attacks on the
humanitarian Zone in South Gaza are now
Rising those concerns come after the
Israeli military posted videos maps and
satellite photos on Thursday local time
saying 14 Rockets have been fired toward
Israel from several locations in
southern Gaza including alasi where
civilians are seeking shelter the Israel
Defense Forces said Hamas militants Abus
use the people of Gaza utilizing them
for its acts of Terror from safe zones
the IDF has encouraged civilians to
relocate to areas such as alasi one of
the few places left to seek safety
producing videos and releasing maps of
the area in both Arabic and English
since the early days of the war but an
Israeli military spokesman said he could
not speak about future operations and it
is not clear yet whether Israel would
designate the safe zones as legitimate
military targets as they did previously
portraying the alifa hospital in
Northern Gaza as a Hamas command and
control center before occupying it the
official added civilians of Gaza were
being updated frequently in various ways
about Israeli military activities
according to gaza's health Ministry
around 350 Palestinians were killed in
IDF attacks with another 1900 injured on
Thursday alone it added the cumulative
death toll since the start of the armed
conflict on October 7th has surpassed
17,100 with 46 ,000 injured mostly women
and children meanwhile after a guided
missile attack by hisbah killed a
60-year-old man in Northern Israel prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu sent a Stern
warning to the terrorist group if
Hezbollah chooses to start an allout War
then it will by its own hand turn Beirut
and Southern Lebanon not far from here
into Gaza and Khan
yunice ponu news