Israel has moved some way to meeting
those demands and Hamas has then changed
their demands it takes two to make an
agreement and right now Hamas has
signaled that they don't want an
agreement
[Music]
a
[Music]
what you have seen over the past few
weeks is Hamas move the goalposts uh
there are demands that they have made
Israel has moved some way to meeting
those demands and Hamas has then changed
their demands and so it certainly does
seem like Hamas is more interested in a
fullscale regional war that they were
watching the events of the past few
weeks uh and making the determination
that uh they might get the full scale
Regional War they were hoping for and so
have not agreed to uh a very significant
proposal that was on the
[Music]
table we will continue to push for an
agreement because we believe uh it's in
the interests of uh Israel we believe
it's in the interest of the United
States we believe it's in the interest
of the broader region but it takes two
to make an agreement and right now Hamas
has signaled that they don't want an
agreement um and the ball is very much
in their court and if they really had
the interests of the Palestinian people
uh at heart as they claim that they do
then they would accept this agreement
because this agreement would get an
immediate ceasefire it would get um uh
it would allow more humanitarian
assistance to flow in it would
dramatically alleviate the suffering of
the Palestinian people so um uh we want
to see that deal uh move forward and
we're going to continue to push for it
Israel moved significantly in agreeing
to the last offer that was put onto the
table and Hamas and respon has moved the
goalposts we think they ought accept the
deal
[Music]
a
[Music]
n
[Music]