innocent people murdered wounded entire
families taken hostage by Hamas good
afternoon today the people of Israel
under attack orchestrated by a terrorist
organization Hamas in this moment of
tragedy I want to say to them and to the
world and the terrorist other word that
the United States stands with Israel we
will not ever fail to have their back
we'll make sure that they have the help
their Citizens need and they can
continue to defend themselves you know
the world's seen appalling images
thousands of rockets in the space of
hours raining down on Israeli cities I
got up this morning start at this at
7:30 8:00 my calls hos terrorist
Crossing in Israel killing not only
Israeli soldiers but Israeli civilians
in the street in their homes innocent
people murdered wounded entire families
taken hostage by Hamas just days after
isra will Mark the holiest of days in
the Jewish calendar you know when I
spoke with prime minister Netanyahu this
morning I told him the United States
stands with the people of Israel in the
face of these terrorist assaults Israel
has the right to defend itself and its
people full
stop there's never justification for
terrorist attack let me say this as
clearly as I can this is not a moment
for any party hostile to Israel to
exploit these attacks to seek Advantage
the world is
watching I've also been in contact with
the King of Jordan spoken with members
of Congress directing my National
Security team to engage with their
Israeli counterparts military to
Military Intelligence to intelligence
dipl Diplomat to Diplomat to make sure
Israel has what it needs uh an
intelligence failure in the lead up to
this attack Mr President can you tell us
what Fe asked you specifically for
support
oh