Israeli ground forces are pushing deeper
into the south of Gaza this Monday 3
days after the truce with Hamas
collapsed the Israeli Army has resumed
its large scale bombing campaign as well
with heavy strikes on the second largest
city of hunis Palestinian civilians
saying now they have nowhere safe to go
and international concern over the
mounting death toll is rising reporting
from Jerusalem here's ABC correspondent
Jordana Miller
this part of the war is going to be
extremely
complicated because of all the civilians
that are in the area remember Israel
asked uh over a million civilians to
head south about 800,000 did so uh and
they are around the Kan yunas area and
just east of there so essentially you
know Israel is going to have to carry
out a much more precise uh War plan in
the South if it hopes to to avoid the
kind of Civilian casualties we saw in
the north the fighting is going to look
different in the South and first of all
because of the civilian population
number one number two because the United
States which has incredible influence in
this war from day one since the massacre
of October 7th in many ways uh they are
Consulting uh and Advising the Israeli
Army on what they'd like to see in the
southern part of this uh battle uh that
will try to minimize civilian casualties
so for we expect in the coming days for
the first time uh to have Israel really
declare several safe zones not it's
safer go south but go to this area where
there will be no bombing that has never
been the case since uh Israel since the
war started on October 7th so that will
be an important change Israel has
already put out a digital very intricate
map for residents of the of of the Gaza
Strip of the South showing uh certain
areas which it says will light up uh and
notify residents there to move uh one
way or the other uh that's also
something else we'll see uh and also
there there will just be uh I believe
more precise uh bombing uh in the South
uh instead of some of the massive fire
uh we saw in the north uh nonetheless it
is going to be as I said before an
extremely complicated Battlefield and
the United States uh is not willing to
give Israel six or nine or 12 months to
conduct this war so we may see a few
more months uh before it it will wrap up