I'm at the ongoing war with Israel
ismile Han the leader of the Palestinian
militant group Hamas is in Cairo he is
there to discuss the possibility of
brokering another ceasefire and renewing
hostages negotiations Han who otherwise
resides in Qatar last travel to Egypt in
early November before the announcement
of the only ceasefire in the Gaza War so
far interestingly representatives of the
Palestinian Islamic Jihad militant also
known as the
P group will also be taking part in the
talks this as some Israeli hostages are
under their custody as well according to
reports Israel has presented a plan to
the mediators which could secure the
release of some 30 to 40 more hostages
now Israel's plan
prioritizes remaining elderly women and
men in need of urgent medical care this
will be in exchange for Palestinians
held in Israeli prisons who have been
convicted of more serious offenses than
the women and teenagers who were
released in the previous
truce Han who is in Egypt with a high
level Hamas delegation will be meeting
with the Egyptian intelligence chief he
will discuss the delivery of
humanitarian Aid withdrawal of the
Israeli Army from the Gaza Strip and the
return of displaced people to their
Towns at and villages in the northern
part of Gaza the truth would be open to
extension only if there is an agreement
or new conditions or further releases
while on one hand Hamas has rejected any
further temporary pause and has said
that it will discuss only a permanent
ceasefire now Israel has ruled out a
permanent ceasefire and said that it
will only agree to limited humanitarian
pauses until Hamas is
defeated meanwhile Han met with Iran's
foreign minister before traveling to
Cairo for
[Music]
talks