[Music]
and this in fact is a reaction that is
now coming in from a spokesperson of the
IDF who in fact are now giving us an
operational update he in fact has gone
on to say that the attack by Hamas is a
war crime let's listen
in
coming in from the spokesperson of the
IDF as we pointed out that he in fact
has gone on to say that this entire
attack Invasion by Hamas is a war crime
sidan still continues to be with us
sidhant a short while ago we' also
gotten an update that the prime minister
of Israel benjam Nathan yahu with uh the
chief of the IDF as well as the defense
minister and some other key personel in
fact were chairing a crucial meeting do
we have any more details that are coming
in as far as the retaliation plan by
Israel is
concerned uh you know uh there the
planning is going on in multiple
verticals also uh you know the bordering
areas with Syria with Lebanon are are
are are similarly dangerous for Israel
right now because Israel has already uh
said that they have information that
it's the combined work of hisbah and
Hamas and and you know some of the
non-state actors in Lebanon and Syria so
so you know the Israel is right now
executing uh operation IR SW but at the
same time the planning work is also
underway now we were getting this report
from some of uh the some of the renowned
media houses like spectator index and
others uh you know claiming that Israeli
forces are deploying lot of armored
heavy armored vehicles on the border
areas with uh with uh On the Border
areas at Taza strip so such kind of news
is also coming in so we could expect
Israel to retaliate in the strongest way
perhaps you know something big we could
expect from is when it comes to
retaliation in next 24 hours okay Sant
we will have to leave that conversation
there thanks a lot for