contrary to reports from Cairo that an
agreement was close to being reached for
the ceasefire to the war in Gaza Israel
says an invasion of Rafa is critical to
victory in the war and a date has been
set for this Invasion Ian with the
details Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu said on Monday that a date has
been set for an invasion of Rafa where
some 1.4 million displaced Palestinians
are Sheltering no specific date was
disclosed but netanyahu's remarks appear
in direct opposition to reports that
truth talks had seen progress earlier on
Monday a state Affiliated news channel
in Cairo had reported that Tru talks
between Israel and Hamas alongside
Qatari and Egyptian mediators on Sunday
had all resulted an agreement on basic
points alahar news said a final
agreement was expected to be reached
within 48 Hours however contrary to
those reports a Hamas official said no
progress had actually been made on a
ceasefire for the six month old conflict
the Israeli foreign minister had
described the Cairo talks on Sunday as
the closest the two sides had come to a
deal since a short live truce in
November but the Israeli Prime Minister
said an invasion of Rafa was required
for Israel's victory in this war today I
received a detailed report on the talks
in Cairo we are constantly working to
achieve our goals first and foremost the
release of all our hostages and
achieving a complete victory over Hamas
this Victory requires entry into Rafa
and the elimination of the terrorist
battalions there it will happen there is
a
date foreign governments and
organizations have spoken out against
Israel's plans to launch a Rafa
offensive with a southern city in a
desperate condition and an invasion
raising fears of further civilian
casualties
news