an American mother and daughter Judith
and Natalie ranan from the Chicago area
released by Hamas into the hands of the
Red Cross after Hamas negotiated with
cutter and
Israel I haven't been sleeping for two
weeks tonight I'm going to sleep
good I spoke with my daughter earlier
today she sounds very good she looks
very good she was very happy but she
told me thatat her nice and she was very
good the two were just visiting Israel
on a holiday when they were kidnapped by
Hamas President Biden spoke with him and
said he was overjoyed and he thanked the
negotiators Hamas is suggesting there
could be more hostage releases if
there's a pause in Israeli air strikes
on Gaza but the US is skeptical hostages
should be released immediately and
unconditionally that's been our position
from day one I would uh not take
anything that U Hamas says at face
value uh I'm not sure anyone in this
room would uh take it face value or
report something that Isis had
said there were mixed signals on Friday
out of Gaza it was a considerably
lighter day of Rocket fire between
Israel and Hamas but late in the day the
Gaza interior Ministry reported more
Palestinians were killed by Israeli air
strikes and Aid groups said Israel was
urging the evacuation of a Gaza hospital
and five
schools at gaza's Rafa border crossing
with Egypt thousands of Palestinians are
still waiting for the border to open
hoping to get out that might not happen
anytime soon but the trucks carrying
humanitarian Aid could start getting in
sometime over the weekend according to
President Biden the holdup he said was
in trying to repair the badly damaged
road that that leads into to
Rafa on a visit to the Gaza Egyptian
border the UN Secretary General spoke to
volunteers about efforts to deliver that
Aid we are now actively engaging with
all the
parties actively
engaging with Egypt with Israel with us
in order to make sure that we are able
to clarify those conditions but once the
crossing does open up the US has vowed
to keep it open continuously for much
needed incoming Aid Andy Rosen trt world