trouble continues to mount for Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in the
latest setback at home Israel Supreme
Court has struck down a controversial
law passed by the prime minister's
government on Monday the Supreme Court
ruled eight against seven in favor of
striking down a contentious law that had
triggered Countrywide protests for
months the new legislation passed by
Israel's right-wing government had
weakened the judicial powers the
provision had struck down on the Supreme
Court's ability to quash certain
government Ians the law was part of a
Judicial overhaul which led to massive
protests across Israel for 39 weeks
thousands of Israelis took to the
streets every Saturday protesting
against netanyahu's move to weaken the
judicial system that critics feared
would severely undermine Israel's
Democratic
institutions
the prime minister's party has called
the Supreme Court's decision to strike
down a provision on the judicial
overhaul a quote unquote opposition to
the nation's desire for Unity especially
in time of War Israel's Justice Minister
has also slammed the verdict accusing
the top quote of quote unquote taking
into their hands all the powers the
quote ruling comes as a major setback
for Benjamin Netanyahu as a leader is
currently in the middle of a corruption
trial the proceedings had earlier paused
after the deadly October 7th attack but
the trial resumed on December 4th last
year Netanyahu is facing a slew of
charges including fraud bribery and
breach of trust in three separate cases
which were filed in
2019 the Supreme Court thwarting the
Netanyahu government's attempt to dilute
judicious Powers there remains concerns
over how the simmering constitutional
crisis plays out for Israel's longest
serving prime minister yet
our correspondent Jodi Cohan has sent us
this report from Tel
Aviv I'm at hostages Square in Tel Aviv
where relatives of the roughly 130
remaining hostages gather as testimony
comes out from released hostages as well
as investigations such as that of the
New York Times which appears to confirm
what Israel says was hamas's systematic
use of rape and torture the anguish of
the relatives is growing and many
believe time is weon is now available in
your country download the app now and
get all the news on the
move