Hamas militants broke through barriers
around Gaza and roamed at will killing
scores of civilians in Israeli towns UN
list a flag intelligence gaps which
undermined what was thought to be an
aggressive and successful layered
approach towards Gaza by Israel Israeli
agencies and defense Chiefs are facing
growing questions over how the disaster
could have happened citing a source
close to Hamas news agency Reuters
stated the militant group conducted
years long campaign to manipulate Israel
Hamas fooled Tel Aviv into to believing
it was not aiming for an armed conflict
since inflicting heavy damage on Gaza in
a 10-day war in 2021 Israel had adopted
a mix of carrot and stick approach to
maintain stability in the Gaza Strip it
offered economic incentives including
thousands of work permits allowing
gazans to work in Israel or the West
Bank at the same time it maintained a
tight blockade and a constant threat of
air strike Israel thought the approach
was keeping the militant group in in
check however the Hamas Fighters were
conducting drills in PL
site at his plain site and even
constructed a mock Israeli settlement in
[Music]
Gaza according to an Egyptian
intelligence official Cairo repeatedly
warned Tel Aviv however the officials
say the Israeli officials were more
focused on the West Bank and ignored the
threats from the Gaza Strip the attack
also poses a question on the US
intelligence Services us which is now
deploying warship and fighter jets near
Israel once say the situation in West
Asia is now live leave and let leave
once again the situation in Asia is now
leave and let leave days before the
attack National Security adviser Jake
salivan pulled out a long list of
positive developments in West Asia
highlighting that these developments are
allowing the Biden Administration to
focus on other regions and
problems sorry to keep you waiting lot
going on on Thursday the president will
travel to
[Music]
new