hear from Israel's military Chief of
Staff who said that um Israeli troops
had now surrounded Gaza City surrounded
Gaza City said and we're operating
inside Gaza City to clear uh Hamas
militants out of the city he said it was
a complex environment because it's an
urban environment there are civilians
above ground and militants in
Subterranean tunnels below ground so
it's a complex fighting environment but
he said that Israel is making military
progress we did hear from another
official that there were 130 militants
killed within the past 24 hours we can't
verify that because the Hamas um health
authority doesn't include a separate
number for fighting men uh one thing one
we have had a confirmation if you like
of the extent of the Israeli presence
there from inside uh the Hamas the
government information Ministry they one
of the Min one of the officials there
had said that that Gaza was in effect
surrounded North and South split
including on the coastal side could only
get to the coastal side if you'd come
from the other side if you were
surrounding the city uh and calling for
a humanitarian Corridor so they could
move the wounded from the north to the
South one more thing that I think was
interesting we heard from a politician
Benny Gant a former member of former
Israeli military Chief of Staff himself
now a member of the war cabinet and he
made reference to the hostages and he
said he was repeating a call from the
Israeli military to ordinary civilians
in Gaza and said if you know anything
about the hostages do let us know
because if you give us information you
and your family will be exempt from
punishment but he completed that by
saying if you have taken women and
children hostage your sentence will be
death