in the latest in the U.S mediated
Maritime border negotiations between
Lebanon and Israel Israel has rejected
the changes proposed by Lebanon putting
the prospect of a maritime deal between
the two and doubt after talks on
Thursday Israel claimed that Lebanon had
upped its demands making significant
changes to the agreements despite
Assurance by Western officials that
Beirut would only propose minor changes
to the proposal
after a review year lapid has now
instructed officials to turn them down
and also reiterated that he would not
compromise on Israel's economic and
security interests even if it resulted
in No Deal between the two sides
in light of these latest developments
after a review with the IDF Chief of
Staff Lieutenant General Avi kohavi
another senior military of officers and
defense office officials defense
minister Benny Gans has also instructed
the defense establishment and I coach to
prepare for any scenario in which
tensions increase in the northern Arena
including defense and offense readiness
Israel is preparing itself for any
possible confrontation with Hezbollah
following the rejection of the Lebanese
proposal
and Alpha more on-ground insights are
correspondent Jody Cohen sends us the
latest from ranana Israel take a look
with Israel saying it's unable to accept
lebanon's proposed amendments lebanon's
caretaker pm has suggested the deal is
that a make or break stage and that a
deal would avert a war Israel expects a
potential strike from Hezbollah if the
deal collapses and defense minister
gants has put the military on alert as
well as the potential for strikes this
deal has implications for elections in
both Israel and the U.S for lebanon's
leadership as president Owen's term ends
at the end of this month for the
country's economic crisis as for energy
shortages while the signing is on hold
for now the U.S is still reportedly
hopeful making efforts to persuade
Lebanon to withdraw its proposed
amendments and continuing to mediate
this is Jody Cohen for weon world as one
Leon world is one is now available in
your country download the app now and
get all the news updates on the move