this is footage from the funeral of wet
Ducker who died in Israeli custody on
April 7th it shows Israeli cops
attacking mourners Ducker was a
prominent Palestinian prisoner and
novelist who spent 37 years in Israeli
prison he was one of the longest serving
Palestinians in Israeli custody he was
diagnosed with Mila fibrosis a rare form
of bone marrow cancer in 2022 Israeli
forces detained Ducker in 1986 and he
received a life sentence for commanding
the secular socialist group popular
fronts of liberation of Palestine which
was blamed for the kidnapping and
killing of an Israeli soldier in 1984 an
accusation Ducker has always rejected
his imprisonment violated the 1993 Oslo
Accords which stipulated the release of
all Palestinian prisoners before signing
Ducker extensively wrote about the
Palestinian experience inside Israeli
prisons offering essays a popular play
and a novel for the children of
prisoners while in prison he married s
Sala in 1999 in 201 20 Salma gave birth
to their daughter Milad following
ducker's successful smuggling of his
sperm out of prison despite humanitarian
groups calling for his early release in
2022 Israel extended his imprisonment by
two more years in February for smuggling
phones in 2018 although he had completed
his imprisonment Amnesty International
and Palestinian groups have accused
Israel of demonstrating chilling cruelty
by denying him adequate treatment and
visitation rights to his family before
his death Israel's minister of national
security Ben G stated that Israel does
not mourn his death Israel has a track
record of poor treatment of Palestinian
prisoners and since Tel Aviv began his
war on Gaza in October 2023 at least 27
Palestinian prisoners have died in
Israeli custody