[Music]
[Music]
oh
president had a chance to speak with
prime minister Netanyahu earlier uh
today on that phone call the president
emphasized that the strikes on
humanitarian workers and the overall
humanitarian situation in Gaza are
unacceptable he made clear the need for
Israel to announce and to implement a
series of specific concrete and
measurable steps to address civilian
harm humanitarian suffering and the
safety of Aid workers he made clear that
US policy with respect to Gaza will be
determined by our assessment of Israel's
immediate action on these steps he
underscored that an immediate ceasefire
is essential to stabilize and improve
the humanitarian situation and to
protect innocent
[Music]
civilians as in terms of concrete steps
uh what we are uh looking to see and
hope to see here uh in coming hours and
days is uh a dramatic increase in the
humanitarian assistance getting in
additional Crossings opened up uh and a
u a reduction in the violence against
civilians and certainly Aid workers we
want to uh we want to see that uh that
even as the Israelis work through their
investigation that they are willing and
able to take practical immediate steps
to protect Aid workers on the ground and
to demonstrate uh that they that they
have that civilian harm mitigation in
place so again those are broad brushes
I'll let the Israelis speak to what they
will or won't do here but again in
coming hours and days we will be looking
for concrete tangible steps that they're
taking
and just going back to I mean Jeff's
question about the um you know why why
this s have changed in tone I mean has
there been growing frustration on the
part of President Biden that previous um
messaging to prime minister Netanyahu
who just doesn't seem to have gotten
through yes there's been growing
frustration
oh
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
oh
p
is
[Music]
[Music]