less air strikes for 27 days have
reduced Gaza communities to dust while
the fortunate leave for Egypt others are
left to contemplate what they've lost
despair is all around and the war isn't
going to end anytime soon Israel is
expanding its ground assault encircling
Gaza City as well as pounding it from
the sky Dr Hassan Zan alin's car was
destroyed in the bombing he's been
cycling 15 km a day to patients many of
whom are Sheltering in a un sponsored
School in southern
Gaza most people left their medicines
under the rubble so we have to visit
them in schools to give them checkups
and provide them with treatments for
chronic diseases particularly people who
have blood pressure and diabetes they're
the ones more likely to die especially
as there's no transportation and no fuel
to reach the hospitals if their
conditions deteriorate God it's the
humanitarian situation that US Secretary
of State Anthony blinkin is back in
Israel to discuss as well as trying to
secure the release of the more than 200
hostages held by Hamas and urging
Israeli authorities to reign in violence
against Palestinians in the occupied
West Bank unrest has increased there in
tandem with the war in
Gaza on Thursday a funeral took place in
rala for a 14-year-old who was one of
four people shot dead by Israeli troops
earlier that day gazin who've been
working in the occupied West Bank and
throughout Israel have been returning
via the Kem Abu Salem border point to
their home communities roughly 18,000
people had work permits which Israel
rescinded after the conflict broke out
the workers have been held pending their
expulsion to
Gaza after 4 weeks of aial bombardment
there's little like left for them to go
back to clear Harriot trt world