[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
what
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
since yesterday night with the expansion
of the ground operation by the Israeli
Army in KH un we received many many
injuries a lot of them there is no space
for them I work in the Intensive Care
Unit there are only four beds there I
was treating 10 to 11 injuries and I was
jumping above bed to check them there is
no medical staff the resources are below
zero equipment below zero there is
nothing a morale is very low I have not
slept for 30 hours still awake until
now
[Music]
the stting our hostages we have returned
home as of today 110 of our hostages and
we are obligated to returning all of
them this is one of the goals of the war
and the military pressure is a necessary
condition to achieving it I working on
this around the clock but let it be
clear I utterly reject the Hamas
monsters capitulation terms Hamas is
demanding in exchange for the release of
our hostages the end of the war the
withdrawal of our forces from Gaza the
release of the murderers and rapist of
of the NBA and leaving Hamas in
[Music]
place we have decided to escalate
because we are running out of time as I
said before every day that passes
another piece of our loved ones is being
left
behind
what will come back to us in another
week two weeks 3 weeks a month will I
get my uncle back will I get
my uncle who used to take me to eat
kumus and we used to go to concerts or
am I going to get a ghost back and it's
it's horrifying to think about it I
think time is of the essence and every
day that passes is horrible and we can't
wait anymore and they're not listening
so we we screaming a lot more we're
we're stopping being
nice Additionally the United States is
designating three leaders and supporters
of K his Bel we don't want to see
hospitals as War zones we don't want to
see hospitals as uh battle battle fields
um they should be as protected as
possible that said we know
that from United Nations security
Council to the Britain wood system
Global institutions reflect the world
that's built
them
I