for Palestinians this has become a
typical scene people gathered to mourn
the loss of a loved one and thou Revenge
this time a leading figure in the
Islamic Jihad group died in an Israeli
prison after 86 days of hunger strike
was a political activist like all of us
who tried to defend his people with
trying to use as much of freedom of
speech as possible and of course now his
assassination in Israel is here in this
way in this way the way it happened of
course will will make him a symbol of
Palestinian Freedom struggle it will
make him a symbol of those Palestinians
who heroically used hunger strike to
demand their freedom from the Israeli
oppressive system Israel had made many
accusations against Adnan including
supporting Terror affiliation with a
terror group and incitement and in the
12 times Adnan face detention he was
never charged however he carried out
four hunger strikes that often ended
with him being released this time was
different Adnan was one of more than one
thousand Palestinian detines that Israel
keeps without charge or trial the
highest number since 2003.
the administrative detention law is
adopted by the occupying power and
directed against the Palestinians
According to which Palestinians are
detained without charge therefore this
detention is illegal and violates any
guarantees for a fair trial
stinians know bad news travels fast
shortly after the land of adnan's death
armed groups in Gaza fire two rockets
towards Israel but this was just the
start the rocket firing continued
through the day the Israeli Army said
dozens of rockets were fired the
scenario is typical to people here and
now they are waiting for a response that
will likely cause more tension
the killing of the prisoner khader Adnan
increased our fears especially since
there was a response from the factions
and the factions are still on high
alerts
the Palestinian Rockets fired through
the day have caused injuries and damage
to homes in the southern Israeli city of
zeroth warning that they expected
Israeli response will be fierce
tension here is still rising and as
armed groups continue to have revenge
and ezrael persists with its strikes
residents are fearful escalations could
lead to another catastrophic War
trt World Gaza
foreign