the result of the Voting is as follows
14 votes in favor zero vote against one
abstention after months of wrangling and
failed resolutions the chamber erupted
in Applause 28
2024 the difference this time Israel's
staunchest Ally didn't use its veto
instead abstaining from the vote we did
not agree with everything in the
resolution for that reason we were
unfortunately not able to vote yes
however as I've said before we fully
support some of the critical objectives
in this non-binding resolution the Biden
administration's changing stance on
Israel's actions in Gaza is hugely
significant and represents a growing
Global consensus that the war must
stop the move has angered Israel prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu accusing
America of abandoning its policy of
linking a call for a ceasefire to the
release of
hostages his office has cancelled its
delegation to Washington your demand for
a ceasefire without conditioning it on
the release of the hostages not only is
not helpful but it undermines undermines
the efforts to secure their release all
members of the council all members
should should have voted against this
shameful
resolution the immediate ceasefire
resolution for Ramadan is difficult to
enforce legally but the humanitarian
situation in Gaza is becoming more
catastrophic by the
minutes in The Enclave the death and
destruction is
Relentless as they weep over their dead
they've been waiting for the moment when
the world would
intervene we want to cease fire that
allows us to return to our homes we have
become sick we want
safety unless it's complete constant and
permanent anything less than that is not
necessary today the war will stop and
tomorrow we'll return to missiles
destruction and killing this talk is of
no
use make no mistake this is a major
diplomatic moment
one Hamas is
welcomed the White House though was Keen
to temper
expectations while the hostages and
Hamas Remain the Israelis say they have
no moral choice but to continue their
campaign even if it means going it alone
Alex Rossy Sky
News