in Gaza there are tents but no poles
they're among items Israel has blocked
from coming in on Aid trucks water
purifiers and medical supplies have also
been stopped that's according to an
Egyptian red crescent document seen by
Reuters and sources in Gaza at the heart
of the issue is this
question are these items for civilians
or
Hamas Israel inspects trucks Bound for
Gaza and confiscates item it thinks
could have both civilian and Military
purposes or what's known as dual use
potential is part of a policy that long
predates the October 7th Hamas attack on
Israel and ensuing war in Gaza Israel
denies blocking such items the issue of
which items do or don't get through has
become all the more urgent as the
conflict has displaced most of gaza's
population and sparked shortages of food
water and
Medicine among those items are water
purifiers the red crescent document
which is from mid December says 1,200 of
them have been blocked by
Israel Moab Al Sher owns a desalination
plant he says he hasn't been able to
switch filters since the start of the
war the Israeli defense Ministry agency
that coordinates Aid deliveries with the
UN and humanitarian groups says filters
have in fact entered
Gaza it adds over 12,000 us tons of
medical supplies have gotten in we are
not refusing anything here's Colonel
alad goren all of those are entering
every day hundreds of trucks into Gaza
and I hope that the UN will increase
their capacity to take more and to
distribute
more but doctors working in Gaza tell a
different story at this facility an
x-ray technician says his hospital is
facing a shortage of discs needed to
read
images there's a shortage of dialysis
machines too according to a patient
spokesperson Dr Su Al hams chairs the
board of directors at the Kuwait
Hospital our hospitals today have become
Mass cemeteries where hundreds are dying
he says it's hard to pin down what
exactly is considered dual use because
there's no public list when asked the
Israeli agency referred Reuters to an
online document from
2008