Israel says it has now destroyed hamas's
military framework in Northern Gaza and
it is focusing its forces on the center
and south of the Strip This air strike
near Rafa is evidence of that but Rafa
was supposed to be a safe Zone and many
garans have fled there to escape the
fighting there is no safe place in the
Gaza Strip we are all under bombardment
we are all under death and destruction
two more journalists have been killed in
an air strike near there Mustafa th and
Hamza alad who is the son of Al jaz's
bureau chief
yel W's wife younger son daughter and
grandchild have already been killed in
the
fighting what did Hamza do to them what
did the family do to them what did the
safe civilians in the Gaza Strip due to
them but the world is blind to what's
happening in the Gaza Strip the Israeli
security cabinet met again but there are
divisions amongst senior ministers over
how the war is being fought and what
should happen next in
Gaza we must not stop the war until we
complete all its objectives the
elimination of Hamas the return of all
our hostages and the promise that Gaza
won't pose a threat to Israel anymore I
am saying this to our enemies and to our
friends this is our responsibility and
this is the commitment of us
all the US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin is back in the Middle East for
his fourth trip in 3 months over the
weekend he was in Jordan and catar he
will visit Israel next week it is
absolutely
imperative
that more be done that Israel do more to
protect civilians and with others enable
more humanitarian assistance to get
where it's needed blinken will push
Israel to let more humanitarian made
into Gaza to reduce the tempo of
fighting and avoid a war with Hezbollah
but the White House has had limited
success so far and Israel at least in
its public language appears determined
to stick to its objectives even if that
means the conflict spreading and more
civilians in Gaza dying Alisa bunal Sky
News in
jerus