Iran back uh Hezbollah is calling for
another day of Rage putting police
departments all across the country here
in the US on high alert Whit Johnson is
at a police precinct here in New York
good morning
Whit Robin good morning we're getting
some new information this morning the
NYPD says there is no specific threat to
the city but they are adjusting their
posture for the second time since the
Hamas attack this morning New York City
police officers are being told to arrive
at work in uniform and to be prepared to
work 12-hour shifts now we've seen
across the country law enforcement
agencies beefing up Staffing where
additional resources might be needed and
for example we've seen that large police
presence at the dueling protest here in
New York which have largely remained
peaceful but this latest call from
Hezbollah for a day of unprecedented
rage is only adding to the concern the
terrorist organization not only taking
aim at Israel but saying the United
States Bears full responsibility for
supporting Israel calling on their
followers to move immediately to the
streets and squares to express intense
anger this of course follows a similar
call from Hamas last Friday so here in
the US Nationwide police are increasing
patrols near synagogues and trying to
reassure both the Jewish and Muslim
communities of the security and safety
efforts that are currently underway
Michael all right thank you so much for
that
wit hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching