this is Raf area T Sultan the ver the
furthest point before the Egyptian
border as you can see in the background
people who were asked to leave their
homes some of them had to leave their
homes five times two of which inside
Gaza City and two others of which inside
Gaza Central area and then kanun area
now they're finally reaching this
furthest point of the Border ra near the
Egyptian borders they were asked to move
and there seeking safety they are now
erecting those things and they're hoping
by erecting those things that they keep
themselves away from any potential harm
caused by the ongoing bombardment as you
can hear in the meantime the drones are
hovering around the area the
bombardments are hitting all different
parts of the Gaza Strip people continue
to fall dead and injured and in this
particular time people are seeking
safety are moving from kanun area from
Gaza Central Area to this this
particular area in RAF erecting the
tents with whatever resources they have
and trying to survive and trying to
protect themselves from the weather and
also from the ongoing bombardment whole
families moved and whole families are
trying now to secure that kind of
makeshift shelter hoping that they would
eventually survive with the heavy
bombardment and with the large scale
Devastation and with the loss of shelter
and personal security those people who
are now by the border are not very sure
they would be spared from the heavy
bombardment even when they're moving
moving close to the Border they perceive
this as an Israeli plan to evict them
from their land and from their homes and
also to make sure that they are no
longer living in Gaza by moving them to
the Egyptian side and by moving them to
Egypt in the meantime thousands of
people continue moving from different
parts of the Gaza Strip to this
particular area thousands of families
are seeking safety thousands of families
are
uncertain about their Destiny and about
their
future
for