the Israeli military say they have
killed another Hezbollah senior
Commander with the intensifying Middle
East tensions Refugee num surge in
southern Lebanon meanwhile US Secretary
State Anthony blinkin met Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and urged
Israel to avoid further civilian harm
our chesu has the
latest these Royal Defense Forces s and
CH they that they killed a commander of
the militant group has drone unit IDF
spokesperson Daniel hagari said they
killed Ali Hussein bruzi who had alled
drone attacks in Northern Israel hagari
mentioned that the attack was a targeted
drone strike and a vehicle by Israeli
Air Forces on Monday a senior commander
of hasb secret radan Force Wasim alel
was killed in an Israel air strike
meanwhile International Organization for
migration reported on Tuesday that more
than 76,000 residents in southern
Lebanon have fled the area as the
tensions are increasing between hasola
and Israel UK newspaper the guardian has
reported that hundreds of refugees are
arriving every day in lebanon's southern
coastal city of Tyra with fears of a
possible recurrence of the conflict
between Israel and Lebanon in 2006 amid
the growing conflicts United States
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin is
visiting the Middle East
in a meeting with Israeli Prime Minister
Benyamin Netanyahu blink emphasized
avoiding further civilian harm in Gaza
he also stated that the US will stand
with Israel but called for Aid to Gaza
and fewer civilian losses this immense
human
toll is one of the many reasons that we
continue to stand with Israel in
ensuring that October 7 can never happen
again it's also why we're intensely
focused on bringing the remaining
hostages home addressing the
humanitarian crisis and strengthening
protection for civilians in
Gaza and preventing the conflict from
spreading blink's visit to the Middle
East is his fourth since the current
conflict between Israel and Hamas
militant group broke out in October ches
ad
news