and as we speak the sheer number of dead
bodies continue to mount in Gaza the
death stole in the waron territory has
surpassed
30,000 in Rafa funeral services for
those who lost their lives took place on
Sunday 14 people were killed by an air
strike that flattened their homes in the
weaning hours of
Saturday born a few weeks into the
ongoing war in Gaza infant twins with
some and Abu wanza were also among the
ones who were
buried many are still trapped under the
rubble of ruins in gaza's Southernmost
city Palestinian civil defense released
a video showing crew conducting rescue
operations after air strikes on
Rafa
meanwhile the United States carried out
its first humanitarian air drops over
the weekend US military planes supplied
more than 38,000 meals into Gaza where
the United Nations says over half a
million population are one step away
from famine conditions however critics
and eight agencies claim that it is
extremely difficult to ensure that the
air drops do not end up in the hands of
the Hamas
militants as Israel pursues its war with
Hamas experts claim that being forced to
costly and inefficient air drops shows
Washington's limited influence over
Israel we have Crossings it is better to
send Aid via Crossings and better than
dropping WIA parachutes the parachutes
Aid is not enough for one family this is
nothing Egypt should open its Crossing
and let trucks getting
normally calls for a seas and Gaza are
echoing across the globe hands of Rafa
Ries are being held in cities worldwide
demonstrators in Washington DC called on
the US to end its military aid to Israel
and push for a permanent ceasefire in
Gaza the focus is the Rafa City where
Israel has warned that it will launch a
ground offensive in the coming few
days the Sea The
[Music]
River