[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
the
get broke
up
[Music]
that's all I
would
come on in
[Applause]
bye we
see9 like go out with the help of Allah
the almighty our armed forces have
launched a batch of ballistic missiles
at various targets of the Israeli enemy
in the occupied Palestinian territories
including sensitive Targets in the area
of um Al rush rush just 24 hours after
another military operation carried out
by our Armed Forces using drone on the
same
targets
the Armed Forces as part of their
military operations against the Israeli
enemy confirm the initiation of taking
all practical measures to implement the
directive giv regarding the appropriate
handling of an Israeli ship in the Red
Sea the Armed Forces will not hesitate
to Target an Israeli ship in the Red Sea
or any location that Falls within our
reach starting from the moment the
statement is announced Allah is a
witness to what we say the military
operations from the yemeni Armed Forces
against the Israeli enemy will not cease
until the Israeli aggression against our
brave Brothers in Gaza
[Applause]
stops we have been working on missile
and drone attacks and it will continue
our plans include additional operations
targeting any Zionist Targets in
Palestine or elsewhere we will not
hesitate to do
[Music]
so in the Red Sea particularly in the
bab al- mandab and its adjacent yemeni
territorial Waters our eyes are open for
constant monitoring and searching for
any Israeli ship it is important for
everyone to know that the Israeli enemy
relies on evasion and disguise in its Ms
in the Red Sea especially through the
bab al-
mandab they do not dare to raise Israeli
flags on their ships instead they evade
and disable identification
systems
however they will not succeed we will
search until we identify their ships and
we will not hesitate to Target
[Applause]
them God willing we will prevail over
them with the help and guidance of Allah
and we will defeat them at any level
within our reach and capabilities we
will not hesitate to Target the Israeli
[Applause]
[Music]
enemy
inside
[Music]
the this
is
[Music]
[Music]
for
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
finish my
[Music]
[Music]
amen