Jamal waraki an Arab Muslim volunteer
paramedic was one of the first to arrive
at kibuts Berry in southern Israel after
the Hamas attack on October 7th he
witnessed the killing of civilians in
the kibuts which bore the Brent of his
Slaughter over a month later he's still
shaken to recall the brutality of what
he saw that has nothing to do with Islam
our relig I'm as a as a proud Arabic
Muslim Israeli guy I'm saying that has
nothing to do with our religion Israeli
officials say at least 1,300 people were
killed mostly civilians the surviving
residents were evacuated and Israel
launched a retaliatory bombardment and
ground offensive against Hamas and Gaza
but has killed more than 11,500 people
when we first got into the kots uh the
first one was
bar
um I never thought that it it it it
could be a real thing I've I thought I'm
I in a while I thought that I'm I'm
Dreaming or I'm I'm being in a kind of a
film zone or such a thing so um I saw
everything destroyed a lot of houses
burned um people who are slaughtered and
killed in their houses and afterwards
the house will be L on fire head when
you see such a thing you just think
about um what you just just start
imagine what what happens in there what
uh how how did they react who who was
got killed first the kids or the parents
waraki says Hamas did not spare Muslim
in the attack he recalls tending to two
Arab women in hijab and free Arab bus
drivers from East Jerusalem all should B
the asants rotus couldn't verify his
account that means that they're not
doing this for the country or for
religion they're just doing this for the
hatred for he is still hopeful that Jews
Arabs Christians and Muslims can learn
to live together in Israel there is no
other way ahead he says of course we
need to live to each other it's it's
it's not a question it's it's it's a
need
to um I think Israel learned today how
to die together now it's time to learn
how to live
together that's what I believe listen
Jews Arabs
Christians Muslims we are we are all the
same Israel is a is a big whole body and
every one of us is one part of this body
if one one of this Parts is missing the
body won't be take won't be doing his
job as it's supposed to so I I think
that it we have to take it to take care
of this and we have to stop hatreds and
start living together