[Music]
uh given the scale of the loss of human
life in Gaza and in Israel in such a
short amount of time the Secretary
General has today delivered a letter to
the president of the security Council
invoking article 99 of the charter of
the United Nations this is the first
time that Antonio gues has done this
since he became Secretary General in
2017 article 99 States and I quote that
the Secretary General may bring to the
attention of the security Council any
matter in his opinion that may threaten
the maintenance of International Peace
and Security in the letter which has has
been shared with you the Secretary
General urges the members of the
security Council to press to avert a
humanitarian catastrophe and he appeals
for a humanitarian ceasefire to be
declared
the Secretary General has today
delivered a letter to the president of
the security Council invoking article 99
of the charter of the United Nations
this is the first time that Antonio gues
has done this since he became Secretary
General in
2017 article 99 states and and I quote
that the Secretary General may bring to
the attention of the security Council
any matter in his opinion that may
threaten the maintenance of
International Peace and Security in the
letter which has been shared with you
the Secretary General urges the members
of the security Council to press to
avert a humanitarian catastrophe and he
appeals for a humanitarian ceasefire to
be
declared
that's
oh
[Applause]
another
[Applause]
yeah
[Applause]
[Applause]
he
foree
spee
[Applause]
[Music]
spee to
Dr
Allah
build
foreign
for
I done a lot
of about to
[Music]
[Music]
be
the so will be there
yeah that's
good