them
foree
spe foreign
spee
we are devastated about the report of
the death of uh hin VAB I will tell you
that I have a little girl that's about
to turn six myself and so um it is just
a devastating account a heartbreaking
account um for this child and of course
there have been thousands of other
children who have died as a result of
this conflict um and every one of them
is a tragedy that I know I can tell you
everyone in the United States government
feels quite deeply um we have asked the
Israeli authorities to investigate this
incident on an urgent basis we
understand that they're doing so we
expect to see those results on a time on
a timely fashion uh and they should
include uh accountability measures as
appropriate fore
fore
speee
speech
as The King and I discussed today United
States is working on a hostage deal
between Israel and Hamas which would
bring a immediate and sustained period
of common to Gaza for at least 6 weeks
which we could then take the time to
build something more
enduring
and I'm working on this day and night
with the King and others in the region
to find the means to bring all these
hostages home to ease the humanitarian
crisis is and to end the terror threat
and to bring peace to Gaza and Israel
enduring peace with the two-state
solution for two
peoples as The King and I discussed
today the United States is working on a
hostage deal between Israel and Hamas
which would bring a immediate and
sustained period of common to Gaza for
at least 6 weeks which we could then
take the time to build something more
enduring over the past month I've had
calls with prime minister Netanyahu as
well as the leaders of Egypt and cter to
push this forward the key element of the
deals are on the table there gaps that
remain but I'm encouraged Israeli
leaders to keep working to achieve the
deal the United States will do
everything possible to make it
happen the situation is is already
unbearable for over a million people who
have been pushed into RAF since the war
started we cannot stand by and let this
continue we need a lasting ceasefire now
this war must
end
got