a few hundred extreme right-wing
Israelis in Jerusalem called for
vengeance against Arabs the
demonstrators condemned as weak their
government's response to the country's
teen murders I want the government to
get together get the army together and
to crush from us now Prime Minister
Netanyahu had this to say a little live
goblets ma we must strike hard and
assume about the people of Hamas must be
low land its infrastructure in the West
Bank well oh no bear we won't rest
shouldn't we get the last of them
Shaboom wherever they try to hide the
ends amisha no no matter how long it
takes ahan inna su lista tu na hoona
ghia the coulomb gamma blue Guzman the
looming question is how far will the
Israeli authorities go the Army's
operations within hours of the teens
abduction did not win much public
approval many Israelis back their
government demand that the
reconciliation agreement between the
fatter party led by Palestinian
President Mahmoud Abbas over in the West
Bank and the Hamas rulers of the Gaza
Strip be dropped the Hamas party is
branded a terrorist organization by
Israel and its allies but revoking the
FATA Hamas deal would risk averse
appearing to turn his back on a part of
his own people and countering to the
Israelis many Palestinians already hold
up us in low regard not least because he
spoke out against the teens abduction he
said we hope they find them alive
because we are human beings we do not
shoot people in cold blood we will not
do it and we do not accept that an
innocent should be abducted or killed
for this his opponents called him a
traitor Hamas for its part has kept up
its non condemnation of the abduction
murders if it had spoken out like a
bastard the Israeli authorities might
have taken it into account in deciding
their actions against the backdrop of
Israel's resumption of destroying
suspected militants homes a practice
suspended as counterproductive in 2005
hammer says we warned the occupation
from waging any war
or wide-scale aggression against our
Palestinian people the price the
occupation will pay for any aggression
will be even bigger many people feel
this limits Israel's room for manoeuvre
Israelis expect clear and robust counter
moves although a blood for blood policy
in its turn could inflame the whole
region