with just about two days left in the
temporary truce between Israel and AAS
every minute has become precious but
then why did yesterday's hostage release
get delayed here's a quick run through
of the main events that transpired the
second exchange of Israeli hostages for
Palestinian prisoners was scheduled to
take place at around 400 p.m. local time
yesterday it was delayed for several
hours Hamas claimed that Israel it
failed to comply with the terms
regarding the entry of relief trucks
into the northern region of the Gaza
Strip as well as the agreed upon
criteria for releasing prisoners so it
delayed the second
phase as the situation developed qatar's
foreign Ministry shared a press release
it said that Qatari Egyptian American
mediation on both sides resolved the
issue and pav the way for a successful
hostage swap earlier on Friday a convoy
of about 150 trucks entered Gaza through
the Rafa Crossing and delivered aid
supplies to warehouses in southern Gaza
this was followed by the entry of seven
truck loads of fuel and 100 trucks
carrying medical supplies into Gaza
through the crossing
yesterday now in a press on Friday US
President Joe Biden admitted that the
release of American hostages is still in
limbo as Hamas has neither given a
timeline of their release nor has shared
the condition of the
hostages Mr President when will the
first American hostages being released
since n were included today we don't
know when that will occur but we're
going to be expect it to occur and uh we
don't know what the list of all the
hostages are and when they'll be
released but we know the numbers they're
going to be released so as my hope and
expectation will be soon and of the 10
Americans that are unaccounted for do
you know all of their conditions are
they all alive we don't know all the
conditions now upon the same issue
former US president Donald Trump took to
social media platform truth social
called out the American leadership for
not doing enough to ensure the timely
release of us hostages from
Hamas Theon is now available in your
country download the app now get all the
news on the move