I feel that the Palestinians in general
have been let down for the past more
than 70 years
now so after finishing my master's
degree in uh
soas um after getting the Ching
scholarship
uh I applied for uh uh a pH to continue
my PhD at
LSC um IR department but I I never got
the Visa and that was on the basis that
um according to what the first letter I
received from the uh home
office uh the reason was that my
presence presence in the UK was not
conducive to the public good and and
that did not I I never received an
[Music]
explanation I was born and raised in a
in a refugee camp in Lebanon B baraj
refugee camp and living in that refugee
camp uh teaches you from an early age
you have to work triple as hard as
anyone else in order to get something
that is actually very much accessible to
someone else in another country reaching
the point to get um a schol a PhD
scholarship at such a prestigious uh
University was not a source of Pride for
me or for my family or for my for my
friends only it was really I W I
wouldn't be exaggerating if I said that
it was a source of Pride for my entire
community I remember a lot of um younger
girls um stopping me and saying asking
me we really want to be just like you
when you when when we grow up and I felt
for me for me it felt like I was a kind
of a source of Hope for the younger
generation especially when it comes to
girls wearing hijab um they finally I
think they finally saw that nothing
could stand between them and their
dreams whatever they wanted to do
whatever they wanted to study and I
really wanted to believe that I always
wanted to believe that everybody around
me in the refugee camps did not believe
that they said no matter what we do
we're going to stay Palestinian
stateless Palestinian refugees with
travel documents and they're going to
perceive us this way and I really wanted
to believe the opposite I feel yes the
the UK has really the establishment has
really disappointed me and let me down
it's heavy tall on my mental health um
I'm I'm choosing to continue to
challenge because I don't want people
especially girls to lose hope in higher
education from my own community