it would have been the final hours of a
4-day ceasefire before mediating country
Qatar announced an extension on Monday
night 11 more Israeli hostages were
freed from Gaza they included nine
children and two women most of whom had
dual nationalities including Argentinian
German and French they were flown by
helicopter to Tel Aviv where doctors
said they were in stable condition
relatives of the hostages were happy but
apprehensive for us it doesn't end until
everyone is home and as much as we are
relieved and uh grateful to have some of
our family back and the kids it's not
over at all we can't celebrate and we
can't move on with our lives until
everyone is back shortly after the
arrival of the hostages was confirmed
Israel's prison authori said 33
Palestinian inmates had been released
they included three women and 30 miners
huge crowds gathered throughout the West
Bank whenever a bus arrived with freed
prison
I can't express how happy I am but I
also feel pain because of our Martyrs
and also because we've left women and
prisoners behind I have mixed feelings
happiness and sadness thank God for
everything I'm very hopeful that the
prisons will be emptied God willing I
hope we achieve a great moment of
Joy under the 4-day truce deal Hamas
released 50 Israeli hostages in exchange
for 150 palestin
prisoners Hamas freed another 19
hostages mostly Thai under separate
agreements since Qatar has announced a
two-day extension Hamas is expected to
release another 20 women and children in
exchange for 60 more Palestinian
prisoners Israel announced Tuesday that
it has added 50 more female prisoners to
its list of Palestinians for potential
release Israel has incarcerated as many
as 7,000 Palestinians about 2,000 of
them are in administrative attention
meaning that they have been held
indefinitely without charge or trial
Hamas and other Gaza militant groups
still hold up to 175 hostages taken
during the October 7th incursion into
Israel that killed 1,200 people