for more than 18 days Israel has
relentlessly bombed the Gaza Strip at
least 7,000 Palestinians have been
killed in the air strike so far
Palestinian Health Ministry says that
most of them are women and children as
the barrage of attacks by the IDF
continues there's another catastrophe
unfolding on ground for the for those
that are in the strip a Health crisis is
unfolding in Gaza as we speak as air
strikes continue 1.4 million people in
Gaza have fled their homes to seek
temporary shelters now doctors in Gaza
say that several patients who are
visiting the hospitals are exhibiting
signs and symptoms of disease the
medical experts have pointed out to
overcrowding and poor sanitation as the
key factors triggering the spread of
diseases
here
for days now International Aid and
humanitarian agencies have repeatedly
issued warnings of an impending Health
crisis in Gaza over a million displaced
Palestinians only have a few temporary
shelters to seek refuge and with spaces
is getting crowded and cramp top
civilians are now reporting of medical
issues such as stomach and lung
infections and rashes as well but this
is where the problem worsens for days
Israel it did not allow for a
humanitarian passage to Gaza this after
cutting off access to all essential
supplies like food water medicines and
electricity when Aid was finally allowed
to be delivered to Gaza on the 21st of
October the quantity of supplies is
merely a drop in the ocean Gaza is only
twice the size of Washington DC after
Israel's military action in the region a
substantial part of the strip has been
flattened acres are covered with debrey
and for those who live to survive
another day in these uncertain volatile
times battling widespread diseases is
yet another challenge that the region
has to Grapple with
[Music]
now