Israel's military has increased its air
strikes on Gaza destroying entire
neighborhoods amid expectations of an
Israeli ground offensive amid fears of a
wider War erupting White House National
Security Council coordinator John Kirby
said attacks on us interests in the
region have increased we know Iran
continues to support Hamas and Hezbollah
and we know that Iran is closely
monitoring these events and in some
cases activ facilitating these attacks
and spurring on others who may want to
exploit the conflict for their own good
or for that of Iran we know Iran's goal
is to maintain some level of deniability
here but we're not going to allow them
to do that we also are not going to
allow any threat to our interest in the
region to go unchallenged on Sunday us
defense secretary Lloyd Austin spoke to
ABC this week saying the United States
is boosting its military presence in the
Middle East Jonathan as you know uh
recently we've seen rocket and UAV
attacks against uh bases housing our
troops in Iraq and Syria we're concerned
about potential
escalation uh in
fact uh what we're seeing is a is the
prospect of a significant escalation of
attacks uh on our troops and our people
throughout the
region and because of that we're going
to do what's necessary to make sure that
our troops are uh are in the right good
position they're they're
protected since the October 7th attack
on Southern Israel by the Palestinian
militant group Hamas killing more than
1,400 Israelis Israel's strikes on Gaza
have killed at least 5,000
Palestinians the United Nations and
humanitarian groups are calling for a
humanitarian Aran pause in the fighting
State Department spokesperson Matthew
Miller had this to say on Monday any
ceasefire would give Hamas the ability
to rest to refit and to get ready to
continue launching terrorist attacks
against Israel European Union foreign
policy Chief Joseph borell said Monday
he believed the group's leaders would
back a call for a humanitarian pause to
allow Aid to enter
Gaza humanitarian Aid continued to
trickle into the Gaza Strip as 20 more
Aid trucks entered but a lack of fuel
for deliveries is threatening to Halt
the operation with more than 2 million
besieged Palestinians awaiting help
Cindy San vaa news the state
department