as Ottawa Works to secure safe passage
for Canadians in Gaza to exit tonight
another Canadian family is mourning the
loss of a loved one caught in the
crosshairs of the chaos here's ctv's Joe
mcashan Canada's casualties in Israel
six victims now confirmed tifferet
lapido would have celebrated her 23rd
birthday last week the young woman was
last seen at the music festival that
became the site of a Hamas Massacre
Canada's foreign affairs minister who
met with lapido family in Tel Aviv
confirmed her death today they told me
how much she was a brilliant beautiful
young woman there are so many Canadian
Connections in the war zone and so much
worry for families here for the last
week or so I hardly slept Rudy mahi's
elderly aunt and uncle yoker and odad
live shits lived in a Kuts near the Gaza
border their home was burned and they
are missing we don't know what their
situation we don't know if they're even
alive I think it's the worst is to live
with the unknown in Ottawa another
family knows what happened to a brother
and son and they can't cope I did not
see him I did not say goodbye Ahmed
alafin an environmental engineer had a
visa to come to Canada he died in an
Israeli missile attack trying to escape
to Southern Gaza with his young family
all I heard that Ahmed is gone um on The
Edge every single
second every message received on my
phone I'm like who's it next Gaza is
inaccessible with hundreds of Canadians
still trapped officials are hopeful
ongoing negotiations will open the Rafa
border and allow foreign Nationals
through to Egypt but again today no
movement nobody has left Gaza not a
single person has left Gaza and that is
um you know something that is very
preoccupying uh for all of us not a
single Canadian out of Gaza but more are
leaving the West Bank through Jordan and
from Israel two more flights are
scheduled tomorrow Omar all right Jill
thank you