tucked away in the Labyrinth of the
shatilla refugee camp in Beirut is a
door to the
Past every day at 300 p.m. Muhammad Al
khatib walks through it his makeshift
museum is Testament to a proud past
before hundreds of thousands of
Palestinians were forced from their
homes in the nakba you see it reflects
the
lifestyle of the Palestinian before
1948 it was done to respond to the
a land without people for people without
land this is the greatest lie in the
history Muhammad collected these items
from lebanon's refugee camps from people
who like him fled Palestine more than 75
years ago these pieces portray a life
tied to the land harvesting wheat and
making salt some brought keys to the
homes they left behind because you know
when they left Palestine they said they
will go back in one week Muhammad says
he feels now more than ever efforts to
preserve Palestinian culture are needed
for the Palestinians it's more important
because there is
danger of the col colonizing countries
that they want not only to push us from
the region from Palestine but from the
world
genocide across the city at B baraj
refugee camp Palestinian children are
learning what that word means
they don't have the luxury of a
childhood without
politics their teacher is adamant they
learn about the circumstances they've
been born
into when we started teaching here we
did not start with reading and writing
our goal was to teach the child the love
of the Homeland and that we have a
usurped land called Palestine every door
to a classroom Bears the name of a city
people here once called
home it's very important that the child
learns to love the Homeland because a
person's dignity is in his homeland
whereas when you're outside it you lose
it but our dignity
exists teachers we've spoken to say only
about 20% of Palestinian youth here
graduate high school they say the kids
love to learn but they don't have the
money to continue their education and
need to start working while they're
still
children in the future I want to be a
doctor so I can treat my people in Gaza
when I grow up I want to be an engineer
so I can build houses for
Palestinians dreams swn into the fabric
of Palestinian nationhood and the idea
that a better future is in the return to
a glorious past Randolph Nole trt World
Beirut