[Music]
state of Israel and our people are
showing bravery and courage and stamina
and they shall overcome we shall
overcome and will prevail against our
enemies our enemies thought that they
are surprising us they thought that
Israel is perhaps weaker divided well
they're wrong the spirit of the nation
of Israel has awoken dramatically people
are here to show solidarity to fight and
stand for our nation defend our borders
I want to thank President Joe Biden for
the incredible words of comfort and
support that he gave our people the
people of Israel he the true friend of
Israel and so many other world leaders
who are calling and expressing dismay
and disgust from this horrific attack
from the price we've paid and support us
in our pursuit of Victory and Justice
may I also add that the enormous effort
that is put here in this city in the
entire region to recover and build will
take a long time we urge the
International Community to demand the
immediate release of the hostages in
Gaza we demand the immed release with no
conditions of the hostages in Gaza
because there the behavior of Hamas and
Islamic Jihad is exactly an Isis type
Behavior they are Isis basically they
are compared to Isis their vulturous
attacks are just like Isis and therefore
the world has to Stand United against
this horrific attack and we shall
overcome for here and I want to thank
all our friends in Jewish communities
around the world and all our friends
around the world who are expressing
their support for our nation in this
terrible in these terrible days so I can
tell them the spirit of Israel is strong
we will have an iron fist against all
our enemies and we appreciate and
respect this support which is enormously
important to us thank you very
much thank
you thank
[Music]
you
[Music]
oh
what will I bless our friends in India
thank you for your great
support
has all right that was the Iranian
president I the Israeli president there
speaking to Republic TV saying thank you
to our friend India and that was
Republic TV getting you the latest the
Israeli president isak hog has just
spoken to the media and addressed the
survivors there the relief center let's
get you that conversation once again