hi I'm with NYC for ceasefire a
coalition formed to Garner support to
end us and local support of the genocide
against Palestinians by demanding a
ceasefire resolution from New York City
Council and Beyond at least 65 cities
across the country have already passed
ceasefire resolutions but New York City
is not one of them we need us to be on
the next and stand on the right side of
History to become the biggest city thus
far to do so only 14 members have even
uttered the word ceasefire that's not
nearly enough many of the city's council
members have spent tax spare dollars and
making trips to Israel and have helped
aided and embedded in this genocide last
week another half a dozen made Trips
Again annually almost $120 million of
New York City residents Federal taxpayer
goes to the usback military funding to
Israel we are hoping that citizens of
the city will call them as well as those
calling to Congress and the White House
to commit to executing an immediate and
permanent ceasefire to end US military
and diplomatic support of Israel as well
as uplifting the rest of her demands
on Wednesday February 28th with the
support of 70 plus organizational
endorsements we will be embarking on a
24-hour vigil to pressure City Council
Members to call for ceasefire as well as
pressure Biden to end military AIDS and
sales to Israel we need New York City to
show up and show out for each and every
single hour of the day for the vigil
leaving no hour unattended with as many
of us present as possible from the early
morning to the midday afternoon to the
late night during the 24-hour vigil we
will honor some of the many 30 th000
Palestinian Martyrs and Counting so
bring your flowers your candles of
commemoration your presence and more
let's show New York City how to hold it
down in this historic moment and weak
that there will be no business as usual
during a genocide thank you