Doug where are we in terms of the
Diplomatic efforts here in Europe yeah
there's a lot going on there's a lot of
phone calling going on a lot of video
conferencing uh let you know in Germany
you had Olaf Schultz the chancellor uh
basically uh conferring with Emanuel
macron he's been speaking to Rishi sunak
um he's been making the rounds making a
lot of calls today but beyond that uh
Germany has sort of uh fired a shot
across the bow uh diplomatically by uh
suggesting that it is going to be uh
reviewing its hundreds and hundreds of
millions of Euros of Aid that it gives
to the Palestinians um its development
Minister uh signaling this uh this
policy shift a possible reversal that
that revoking of Aid uh saying that the
attacks on isra Israel Mark and I'm
using her words a terrible fracture
saying that Germany will now review the
entire engagement for the Palestinian
territories now a lot of Germany in the
Coalition a lot of uh uh uh the
officials are falling in behind that
line uh however however it's not
everyone it is not a monolithic Block in
favor of this there's a a notable member
of of the left opposition party in
Germany who says that the Palestinians
should not have to pay a collective
price uh for the actions of a fringe uh
terrorist element among them Hamas Hamas
imposing its will on the rest of uh the
Palestinian people but that is it seems
to be a dissenting view right now within
Germany and Germany signaling that shift
will it lead to other uh Powers uh
looking at that shft I don't I I don't
know we have heard uh you know as you
just reported we we saw that uh as
Fraser was reporting from Washington the
US is actually looking at more concrete
support Aid you know in the in the
coming hours possibly to Israel will
that affect uh you know the US Aid to
Palestinians will that affect other
Europeans Aid to Palestines too early to
say but it does show another way in
which this is seems to be this Hamas
attack in so many ways and this is
another dimension that's being a
paradigm shift uh in the Diplomatic game
and the way um and the way uh the
business is usual is no longer business
as usual thank you to you Doug Herbert
our International Affairs commentator