where the car is then seen
speeding off toward the
interstate. Police say they are
still searching for that gray
Nissan Rogue. International
mediators have been working f for
weeks on a
ceasefire agreement to end the
war between Israel and Hamas.
Today, there are clear signs of
a breakthrough to end the
fighting. Fox news Mike Tobin
has an update from Tel Aviv. A
major development Saturday in
the war between Israel and
Hamas, a US official tells the
AP that Israel has agreed to the
framework for a cease fire and
hostage deal, and that it's now
up to Hamas to agree to the
terms. This as international
pressure has grown for a stop to
the fighting amid a rapidly
developing humanitarian crisis
in Gaza. The UN says virtually
the entire population of 2.3
million is at risk of starvation
. US Air Force C-130 Saturday
air dropping aid packages into
the territory. The white House,
acknowledging the complex nature
of the operation. It is extreme
difficult to do an airdrop in
such a crowded environment, as
is Gaza, very, very densely
populated. On Thursday, more
than 100 people were killed
while waiting for aid in Gaza
City. Palestinians claim the
Israeli military opened fire on
the crowd. We ran towards the
food aid to get some the
soldiers and tanks fired at us.
We left the food and aid and ran
. Israel denies that, saying its
tanks fired warning shots but
not at the crowd. Instead
blaming the deaths on a stampede
after people swarmed the
delivery trucks. More than half
of Gaza's people have sought
refuge in the southernmost city
of Rafah, where an airstrike
Saturday killed at least 11
Palestinian and injured dozens
more. Israel says it intends to
continue with its effort to wipe
out Hamas there, even after a
cease fire has ended, according
to Gaza health officials, more
than 30,000 Palestinians have
been killed since this war
started. In Tel Aviv, Mike
Tobin, Fox 11 news. Sky Fox over
downtown LA this afternoon as a
massive march demanding an
immediate ceasefire in Gaza took
place, thousands of people
marched toward L.A. City Hall,
waving flags and chanting Peace
in Palestine! Five people were
arrested, two for felony
vandalism, two for unknown
misdemeanors and one for
resisting arrest. Today's march
was part of a global day of
action supporting an end to the