the Israel Hamas war escalates with each
passing minute and death toll continues
to mount on both sides Western Nations
have voiced their support to Israel
while Arab Nations have voiced their
support to the Palestinian cause Amit
this many world leaders urged for peace
and retaliation from both sides US
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin met
Saudi foreign minister Prince Fel bin
faran and the two leaders discussed the
war in Israel B faran condemned attacks
on civilians on both sides meanwhile
said that the killing of 1300 people by
Hamas militants de feed
description populations on both sides
are being affected and here it's
important I think that we all uh condemn
the targeting of civilans in any form at
any time uh by
anyone during the press conference after
wrapping up his China visit EU foreign
policy official responded to questions
about the escalating Israel Palestine
conflict noting that critical
developments have been observed in the
Gaza
region today we are facing a great
humanitarian very dire humanitarian
situation in Gaza and certainly we we
discuss about the situation there agree
a lot with the Secretary General of
United Nations when he says that the
request by the Israeli Army
for 1 million people to leave in 24
hours the north of Gaza STP it's a
something that could not be
done on Saturday Chinese foreign
minister wangi spoke with blinking on
phone and the two leaders also discussed
the humanitarian crisis in Israel and
Gaza China's foreign minister also said
in published remarks and I quote
Israel's actions in Gaza have gone
beyond the scope of self-defense and
that the Israeli government must seize
its Collective punishment of the people
of Gaza Egyptian foreign minister met
both his Turkish and German counterpart
tur's foreign minister said he does not
accept the policy of displacing
Palestinians and deporting them to Egypt
meanwhile Germany's foreign minister
said that Israel's war against Hamas
should Place highest regard to the
humanitarian situation of the innocent
people
[Music]
foreign
speech Iran has warned Israel to
immediately halt its war crimes against
Gaza otherwise it can face a huge
resistance
[Music]