and we have some news just coming in the
Prime Minister has spoken on the Israel
Hamas War Prime Minister Modi has
condemned the killing of civilians in
the conflict he says India has sent Aid
to Gaza after India remember voted
against Israel occupation in the UN the
prime minister's big state went on the
[Music]
[Music]
war
restal
DIY G sa is is now joining us with the
very latest on that gor of important
statement from prime minister Narendra
Modi this morning he's clearly
emphasized that they stand for truths
and of course their support to the
victims particularly the civilians in
this War uh and referring to those were
suffering in Gaza
essentially uh the Prime Minister has uh
is the voice of the global South and he
was speaking about uh you know uh what
Global South is seeking uh he's talked
about seek restraint but it's restraint
on both sides it's not just Gaza or not
just Israel uh India has a very balanced
approach here uh SN India's approach is
India's condemned that terror attack
that took place on Israel on the 7th of
October India also stands with people of
Gaza in sense of humanitarian Aid being
provided uh to uh the West Bank
humanitarian Aid being sent to the
Palestinian Authority um uh and uh Aid
which is meant for the people of Gaza so
yes restraint dialogue and diplomacy is
the way forward but India very clearly
not taking any sides in this conflict
seeking a resolution through dialogue
and diplomacy and asking all to exercise
restraint
SN I'm going to thank you g for getting
us those details gav sa with his
perspective on that St India of course
has called for deescalation and the need
to progress in fact dialogue is the only
way forward is what has been said Time
and Again by India that has also in fact
sent it to Gaza we're shifting our Focus
back to the elections let's take a look