well Israel is engaged in a multi-front
war its defense minister has said
hinting at military operations across
the Middle East as the war in Gaza shows
new signs of a dangerous Regional
escalation Israel's defense minister has
warned of a growing risk of a regional
conflict in the Middle East as tensions
with Iran increase in fact he has told
parliamentary committee that Israel was
being attacked in a multi- Arena war
from Seven areas which he identified as
Gaza the West West Bank Lebanon Syria
Iraq Yemen and Iran now these comments
come after the US announced late on
Christmas day that it had struck three
facilities used by the iran-backed
Hezbollah militia and others Affiliated
to the so-called aess of resistance in
Iraq now that strike was ordered as
retaliation for a drone attack earlier
in the day on a military base hosting US
troops in Northern Iraq that critically
injured one US service member Iraqi
officials said that that the US strikes
had killed one militant and injured 18
others but amid mounting Israeli
military losses and growing
International condemnation of the
humanitarian crisis in Gaza Israeli
officials in recent days have emphasized
that the war against Hamas will take
time they also as of yet unwilling to
relent on the ambitious goals set at the
outset of their campaign but this war in
Gaza threatens to spill outside the
borders of Israel and the Palestinian
territories and Israel retaliatory war
on the Hamas controlled Gaza Strip has
already become one of the most
destructive conflicts of the 21st
century with estimates suggesting more
than 20,000 people have been killed
55,000 people have been injured and 85%
of the Palestinian territories 2.3
million people they have been forced to
flee their
homes
fora is risking the stability of the
region for the sake of
Kamas kisala started attacking Israel on
October 7th and it's been increasing its
attacks ever since the IDF has been
responding and will continue to respond
kisala is trying to drag the country of
Lebanon and the ran into this war that
Kamas
started if kisala continues they will
bear the consequences and the
responsibility for the outcome