[Music]
[Applause]
I'm in alaw hospital in the middle area
of Gaza the middle part of the Gaza
Strip in the emergency department where
they're treating
children several children on the floor
and on a gurny behind me doctors calling
out for cpel in chest tubes um many
people coming in from an explosion
there's one child who unfortunately
passed away who's body is not identified
um and it's as you can see a chaotic
scene uh unfortunately this area uh is
close to an area that was uh evacuated
yesterday an evacuation order was issued
and um they've lost a lot of their staff
this hospital is currently operating
with about 30% of the staff that it had
just a few days ago um they are seeing
in some cases hundreds of casualties
every day in a small emergency
department uh yesterday they said they
had one doctor working overnight in this
emergency department with hundreds in
some cases of casualties coming in on a
daily
basis there are
coming in every few minutes um and it's
it's really a chaotic scene the hospital
director just spoke to us and he said
his one request is that this Hospital be
protected even though many of his staff
have left even though this hospital is
under enormous pressure the one request
that the hospital director said is that
the International Community needs to
make sure that this hospital and other
hospitals like it stay protected that
they not get struck that they not get
evacuated that they're able to continue
functioning that's the critical message
for today
we're here to deliver some supplies but
also to make arrangements for an
emergency medical team to provide
support hopefully in the next week or so
to add additional human resources to
this Hospital which is again like so
many hospitals in Gaza on its
knees
what