six-year-old hind rajab was trying to
get to the west of Gaza City last month
when the car she was traveling in came
under fire at the time there were calls
released by The Palestine red crescent
Society to emergency call operators of
the young girl calling for help saying
she was scared asking for someone to
come and get her paramedics did try to
get to the young girl but there was more
more gunfire and the call line went dead
red crescent workers finally got to the
area today and here's the video that's
com in of what they found this video
shows the black Kia that she was in
destroyed riddled with bullets hind was
among six bodies found inside this car
along with her aunt her uncle and her
three cousins also we can show you the
mangled ambulance that was dispatched to
save her two paramedics who were trying
to get to the young girl were also found
with this uh vehicle now the Palestine
red crescent society says that they
tried to coordinate with the Israeli
Army access to get in safely to get the
young girl out in a statement they say
despite prior coordination to allow the
ambulance to reach the location to
rescue hind the occupation deliberately
targeted the Palestine red crescent
ambulance crew Hinn's mother is now
calling on the red Preston to release
the details of that coordination
publicly the rules of War say that
medical personnel must be protected and
of course that anybody uh who is injured
must be given Medical Care as soon as
possible the international committee for
the Red Cross tells reuter's news agency
that they are looking into what happened
here and say the thought that these were
Hinn's last moments is unbearable and
devastating Linda Ward CBC News Toronto