good evening and thanks for joining us
tonight I'm Julian Grace well it has
been more than 200 days since hamas's
October 7th attack the militants took
roughly 250 hostages into Gaza one of
them is Keith seagull from Chapel Hill
he appeared in a video released by Hamas
today pleading for a hostage release
deal W's Carly hangs is live in downtown
Raleigh now Carly this video is creating
some urgency for hostages to be
released M Julian this is the first
video we've seen of seagull since he was
first taken by Hamas more than 6 months
ago he pleads for Israel's prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu to negotiate
a hostage deal with Hamas seagull's eyes
are sunken he appears thin he swells up
with tears before collapsing into his
hands the video is undated and the
location hasn't been disclosed but
something said by another hostage in the
same video suggests that this was
recorded on Thursday Hamas took seagull
and his wife Aviva on October 7th the
day of the first attacks Aviva was
released in November as part of the last
hostage deal together the two have five
grandchildren Republican senator Ted Bud
released a statement after Hamas
released the video of Keith seagull he
said quote we are encouraged to see that
Keith seagull is alive and we once again
demand that Hamas release Keith and all
of the hostages immediately and
unconditionally the release of this
video for purposes of propaganda and
psychological torture is further example
of the true evil nature of Hamas we
remain committed to Bringing Keith and
all hostages home and quote the hostages
and missing families Forum says
seagull's family has confirmed the
publication of this video Julian all the
video is circulating all across the
world wr's Carly Hayes reporting live
for us in downtown Raleigh tonight
thanks Carly