this morning gaza's largest refugee camp
now leveled and many lives lost after an
Israeli Air
Assault this doctor saying there are
injured everywhere many working hastily
to rescue survivors including children
from the rubble ABC News determining the
air strikes caused craters consistent
with bombs dropped from an aircraft the
Israel Defense Forces confirming it
carried out the strikes and that it
killed a top Hamas leader and other
militants the IDF accusing Hamas of
using civilians as human Shields ABC's
Ian panel pressing an IDF official on
why the jabalia camp was targeted there
were secondary explosions and that the
Subterranean infrastructure also
exploded or imploded as a result of some
kind of secondary explosion and that
there are quite a lot of casualties in
the area presumably civilian sorry sorry
to interrup civilian casualties
ER at this stage I I can't confirm that
I I assess that is the case Israel also
bombing Southern Gaza near the Rafa
Crossing into Egypt Egyptian media
reporting the Rafa Gates could open to
Injured Palestinians today the US hoping
the same applies to Americans we have um
about 400 American citizens and their
family members so it's roughly a
thousand people uh who were stuck in
Gaza on Capitol Hill defense secretary
Lloyd Austin and Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin urging lawmakers to
approve defense aid for Israel amid
several interruptions from anti-war
protesters holding signs and hands
painted rede fire
nowe fire now secretary brinken also
announcing plans to travel to Israel
Friday for continued talks with Israeli
leaders about the Hamas
War hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more vide show highlights and watch
live event coverage click on the right
over here to subscribe to our Channel
and don't forget to download the ABC
News app for breaking news alerts thanks
for
watching