meanwhile back here at home today the
victims of the Hamas attack nearly 1
month ago were remembered a vigil was
held for those being held hostage and
those who didn't survive ctv's Mike
Walker
reports a solemn procession led by
Israeli families whose loved ones are
being held hostage by
Hamas hundreds of community members
rallying behind them the past three and
a half almost four weeks were horrible
for us at the beginning we didn't know
what's going on and where they where are
they mayor R ravi's cousin was killed in
the October 7th attack by Hamas she says
other family members including her aunt
uncle and cousins were kidnapped we
can't imagine what going on there we
know nothing and the Red
Cross didn't help us yet to know that
they're alive that they're
okay a vigil outside this Thornhill
synagogue to honor the more than 1,400
people killed in Israel we're going to
get our brothers and sisters back and
calls for the release of the hostages
that totals more than 200 many gathered
here have family in Israel international
law is very clear children women people
grabbed in the middle of the night it's
it's crazy we need them home now we want
them back now these families of the
hostages are part of a delegation who
met with the Canadian government and
have requested Ottawa do more to secure
their release this is a human rights
issue every day that they're there is
another day that a crime against
humanity is committed as the war
intensifies fear grows further loved
ones Aaron brish his brother's wife and
three children among the kidnapped this
is absolutely a Sprint our
children we do not want them to die
these children are being held by
terrorists by
monsters every day is critical they are
now returning to Israel the fate of
their loved ones unknown but they pray
they will soon be reunited Mike Walker
CTV News