the president's speech came after a US
warship took action to defend Israel
intercepting multiple cruise missiles
and drones off the coast of Yemen amid
fears of a wider War our chief Global
Affairs anchor Martha Raditz is live
from the Red Sea in aot Israel with more
good morning
Martha good morning Juju we are right on
the shores of the Red Sea us warships
are just south of us those missiles from
Yemen were aimed in this direction but a
us-guided missile destroyer took no
chances they shot them
down this morning rising tensions after
a US Navy destroyer shot down three
cruise missiles and several drones
launched by Iranian backed houti rebels
in Yemen for the first time the US
taking military action to defend Israel
the Pentagon saying the missiles were
launched from Yemen northward
potentially towards Israel we cannot say
for certain what these missiles and
drones were targeting but they were
launched from Yemen heading north along
the Red Sea potentially towards Targets
in Israel these missile launches come as
the US is bolstering its Firepower in
the region a second carrier strike group
soon joining us warships already in the
Mediterranean an additional fighter
aircraft also being sent all meant as a
deterrent by posturing these US Naval
assets and advanced fighter aircraft in
the region we aim to send a strong
message intended to deter a wider
conflict to bolster Regional stability
and of course to make it clear that we
will protect and defend our national
security interests the houti rebel
leader had just warned the US last week
against intervening in the Hamas Israeli
conflict threatening missile and drone
strikes the US of course hoping this is
a deterrent this use of force but
clearly there is no guarantee Rebecca no
guarantees with those Stakes so hi
Martha thank
you hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching