moments after Iran carried out an air
strike on Israeli soil commoners on both
sides reacted to the attack on one side
there was Jubilation on the other a
sense of worry of what might escalate
into a larger war in the region
thousands of Iranians took to the
streets across the country aling the day
to show their support for the country's
attack on Israel to remind our viewers
the strike follows Israel's attack on
the Iranian Embassy that killed seven
people including several top generals of
the Islamic revolutionary guard core
Iran is a powerful and independent
country we will never allow anyone to
violate Iranian territory any enemy
contemplating aggression against Iran
will meet the same fate as
Israel members of Iran's Parliament were
also seen celebrating the attack as
lawmakers were seen chanting slogans in
unison
meanwhile mixed reactions poured in from
Israeli citizens hours after the night
sky was lit up with drones and missiles
while some are apprehensive and do not
want a bigger war in the region others
say that Iran's attack now gives their
country a quote license to
respond I think it was quite scary when
in the middle of the night we started
Hing booming and and we didn't know what
it was I we knew what it was we don't
extend it we don't know what extend it
would be but thank God the Israeli Army
came through and so far it's quiet and
we hope we'll continue like this I think
we've been given license to respond now
I mean it was a major attack from Iran
with I don't know how many hundred uh
drones and missiles and major missiles
so they really they've given us license
to respond and I I I imagine Israel will
respond and may it be over quickly and
we can get back to normal life for all
the latest news download the weon app
And subscribe to our YouTube channel