well first of all we need time we see
the strong American pressure and we've
seen the kataris being involved now we
see Egypt playing an important role is
who's the head of the political Bureau
of Hamas is in Cairo and there has been
an Israeli suggestion a release of 40
hostages we're talking about new
category we're talking about elderly men
we're talking about release of sick
people in Return of course Hamas will
have is is asking the release of
Palestinian prisoners this time Israel
will have to release prisoners that have
been sentenced for long sentences in
prison but I think the main issue of
course is the issue of the L Israel has
said that it's offering one week the
Palestinian factions are saying no we
want to cease fire so we're still
waiting to see more of this kind of back
and forth of these
negotiations Samy meanwhile the war then
of course as long as no deal is reach
continues uninterrupted in the Gaza
Strip what is the latest on Israel's
operation well Israel is intensifying
its campaign both from the air both
artillery both from the sea H we've seen
it all the way from the north of the
Gaza Strip down to the south in Rafa
fresh attacks in kanun and at the same
time we also know that there's
difficulty of the rescue teams to reach
those who were caught under the rubble
those were injured we're hearing reports
from Gaza that the teams cannot go go to
the some of these locations because of
the danger and we at the same time we
hearing about a ongoing clashes between
Kasam the armed wing of Hamas and the
IDF soldiers on the ground and it seems
that Israel still does not have a full
control over the city of Gaza the in
certain areas ongoing fights in the
areas
ofalia and and other locations the IDF
today announced that three of their
soldiers have been killed and inun there
have also been soldiers that have been
wounded
andam there issuing a new video clips
that they succeed in filming their
attacks against the IDF operating in
Gaza and then they managed to edit it
and release it and show that they still
have achievements and all of this during
a period where the gazans are continuing
to suffer