smoking Rafa following an Israeli air
strike a supposed safe haven for
Palestinians the injured are carried to
hospital as doctors do what they can to
keep them alive even children are victim
of Israel's latest attack on a
residential building as the search for
more loved ones underneath the rubble
continues this is my brother's house we
were surprised by what happened we
brought out six Martyrs and there are
still four missing
two girls and my brother's wife and her
daughter they're still in the house but
for those who don't make it tears ACC
company the
morning we have nothing to do with
anything we're civilians that's all they
want to fight Hamas so be it let the
Israeli Army kill them let them rid of
them as for us the displac people we
have nothing to do with it we are
displaced and these children are not
their fault we have nothing to do with
any organization except almighty
God more Sirens ring out in the AL balah
after Israel dropped more bombs on
residential buildings in the
region Medics Rush this baby to hospital
with it requiring immediate
treatment on Sunday Israel said it was
conducting a series of operations in
Northern Carl Nunes in a statement they
said their operation in the region had
begun with aerial strikes saying several
targets had been hit and
eliminated meanwhile in Egypt the un's
chief Antonio gutes has called for the
suffering to end during talks with
foreign minister Sami shakri looking at
Gaza it almost appears that the four or
Men of War famine conquest and death are
Galloping across it and that is why the
time for an immediate humanitarian ceas
fire is now and in the Ramadan Spirit of
compassion I also urge the immediate and
unconditional relase of hostages the
suffering must
[Music]
ends despite the sounds of drones and
with bombs falling from the sky many
Christians in Gaza are marking Palm
Sunday the holiday celebrates Jesus's
triumphant return to Jerusalem when a
crowd greeted him waving Palm leaves
just a week before his crucifixion but
this Norm only joyous celebration is a
dark one this year in Gaza and they're
hoping next year's festivities will be a
peaceful one Daniel padwick trt
world