on the 7th of October the horrible day
when Hamas perpetrated the worst
massacre of Israeli civilians in our in
our history they brought some of the
hostages civilians taken from Israel
into the hospital and what you can see
is a
wounded non-israeli civilian that was
taken to the hospital and you can see
the next footage is of a another
International civilian that is being
dragged into the hospital forcefully by
Hamas operatives armed men carrying
weapons and forcing them in and the
alleged claim of Hamas here was no we
brought them in because we were
providing them with medical care I don't
think that the second guy who was being
pushed in violently by these Hamas thugs
was receiving any medical care and I'd
like to ask if Medical Care was what
they were doing then why go to shifa if
you look at the map that I'm going to
show just now look how many hospitals
are between where Israel is and where
shifa is whatever Direction you take you
go past Kamas operatives those
terrorists that abducted Israeli
civilians more than 250 of them they
would have gone through at least five
different hospitals and they would be
within a range of dozen hospitals if
what they really wanted to do was to
provide medical attention only that
wasn't the case shifa is an important
part even a vital part of Kamas military
infrastructure both above ground and
below ground they have controlled that
area for many years they have dominated
the area they have denied access for
medical staff and there's ample evidence
including an English doctor that
testified to that of areas that are nogo
areas inside the hospital and of course
there's the underground conflict now
anybody that claims that they were in
that hospital and they've never seen
weapons and never seen Hamas operatives
well this is definitely proof that Hamas
not only are present there but they own
the place dominate it and use it for
their military purposes that is against
international law and that is something
that they should be condemned for doing