today I spoke with the prime minister of
Israel Netanyahu I expressed my
condolences for the numerous losses due
to the terrorist
attack the Prime Minister informed me
about the current situation and the
actions of Israel's defense and security
forces there is full cooperation between
the Ukrainian Embassy and the Israeli
police to clarify the details about the
ukrainians who have found themselves in
areas of conflict in
Shell
unfortunately the death of two Ukrainian
citizens has been confirmed my
condolences to their families and loved
ones the embassy of Ukraine and Israel
along with all our diplomats responsible
for this region is working around the
clock together with the intelligence to
assist all our people in
need there have already been more than
100 inquiries to the Embassy from our
citizens the whereabouts of five of our
people in southern Israel have been
established once again I address all
ukrainians citizens in
Israel please be careful and follow the
instructions of the local Defense
[Music]
Forces theow
[Music]
flag
you have much more empathy for somebody
else's tragedy after you have lived
through your own tragedy you sympathize
much more with the victims of war after
you've lived through it
yourself
the videos and images we are seeing are
pure horror people are being killed they
are being destroyed only because of
their ethnicity this is claimed to be
done in the name of religion which also
sounds
horrible
[Music]
ja I believe that Russia profits from
attention being drawn away from the
Ukraine Russia War to the war in Israel
they will impact the scope of military
support that is being given to Ukraine
and the amount of attention the war in
Ukraine is getting I think Russia will
profit from
[Music]
this
no
behind
I
this
[Applause]
keep r
got
toy come let
me
s
for
I'm going
put