Palestinians living in gazaar have
become accustomed to the sound of
explosions particularly when tensions
with Israel are high but this time they
were caught by surprise a new Israeli
military operation is ongoing and three
top commanders from the Islamic Jihad
group were killed the Israeli Army said
the civilians who were killed or wounded
in the raids were collateral damage
as you can see both of these apartments
were destroyed the same thing happened
to the apartments above us everything
was destroyed and this happened at one
o'clock in the morning everyone was
sleeping women and children were all
asleep
the cycle of violence between
Palestinians and Israel continues to
escalate in the occupied West Bank and
Gaza over 100 Palestinians and at least
19 Israelis have been killed since the
beginning of this year Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said
planning for Tuesday's operation which
Israel called shield and arrow began
after rocket fire from gazaar last week
our principle is sharp and clear whoever
hurts us we hurt them with excessive
force our long arm reaches every
terrorist at any time and place we
choose we are in the middle of a
campaign and prepared for any scenario
we advise our enemies do not mess with
us
the Palestinian foreign Ministry and
many other countries have condemned the
attacks and mediation efforts have
already begun but armed groups in Gaza
say this is a time for retaliation our
Palestinian people and its resistance we
respond to this crime in a way that is
equivalent to it and the occupation is
under the illusion that it can stop to
resistance our Palestinian people by
spilling blood and by these crimes
anticipating a response from armed
groups in Gaza Israel closed roads in
southern Israeli towns and instructed
residents to remain close to bomb
shelters and Gaza is also on high alert
as both Israel and Palestinian armed
groups continue to make threats of
further strikes residents here know that
a more intense flare-up of violence is
highly likely
World Gaza
foreign
[Music]