Now reuter's video journalist was killed
and six other journalists injured in
southern Lebanon this is according to a
Reuters videographer the journalist was
struck by missiles fired at them from
the Israeli Direction the group of
journalists including from Al jazer and
AFP were working near Alma alab close to
the Israel border this is the same area
where the Israeli military and the
Lebanese Malaysia Hezbollah have been
trading fire in Border clashes take a
look at our next report for all the
details on
this the Israeli Army said on Saturday
that it was investigating an incident in
southern Lebanon in which a Reuters
journalist was killed and six others
injured a military spokesman said the
death of Isam Abdullah was quote a
tragic thing a reuter's videographer who
was at the scene on Friday said missiles
fired from the direction of Israel
struck the
group
alongside journalists from Al jazer and
AFP the ruus team was providing a live
video signal for broadcasters near Alma
alsab close to the Israel border where
the Israeli military and Lebanese
militia Hezbollah have been trading fire
in Border
clashes while other news outlets
including the Associated Press in Al
jazer said the missiles which killed
Isam Abdullah were Israeli ruus could
not establish whether they were fired by
Israel Israel's un Envoy gillad erdan
spoke to reporters at a briefing on
Friday obviously we would never want to
uh to uh hit or or or kill or shoot any
journalist that is doing his job but uh
you know we're in a state of War uh
things might happen un Secretary General
Antonio guz said the incident underlines
the danger of the conflict spreading and
the risks to reporters I want to say how
much this demonstrates the enormous risk
of spill over of this conflict in
relation to Leon and I want to pay
tribute to the journalists that so many
unfortunately the largest number ever uh
last year so many journalists are paying
with their lives the work they do uh to
bring truth to everybody in the world
that I present to their families my
deepest condolences two other British
journalists te Sudani and me na who were
wounded in the incident were released
from a hospital after receiving Medical
[Music]
Care