moving on to news from Israel Hamas War
now Israel media has published reports
suggesting that the IDE of not only knew
about hamas's attack on the Supernova
Music Festival but also held emergency
meetings however they chose to not
inform the festival organizers in
advance the dismissed information proved
fatal for about 360 party goers just
hours later while in additional 40 were
also taken hostage at the event now
Israeli media reported on an
investigation that claims two emergency
meetings were held late night on October
6th Israeli spies and military commander
sat down first at midnight and then at
3:00 a.m. to discuss an imminent assault
the attendees concluded that Hamas was
only carrying out a training
exercise the Israeli forces are now
being accused of withholding the
information the music festival was
organized in close cooperation with the
IDF and the IDF permit read quote
unquote the Northern Brigade is
responsible for regional security during
the event in the fence space across from
the Gaza
Strip now the organizers of the festival
said that they would have been able to
save the Bloodshed had they been
informed even an hour in advance the
warnings received by the IDF were only
reflected in a feeble preventive
measure but a clear sign of preand
information being available an IDF unit
known as team tequila specialized in
preventing abductions was deployed at
nalo the area is barely 20 minutes from
the music festival site in Ry and
Israeli troops were also ordered to
increase surveillance at the Kasa border
while two Commando teams were alerted
about a possible
incursion now these are not the first
time media reports suggesting that IDF
had preand information about the deadly
attack a recent investigative piece by
American Media Outlets claimed that the
IDF knew knew about the attack not days
but since a whole year ago and the
report was based on documents emails and
interviews obtained during investigation
a document code named Jero wall by the
Israeli authorities outlined in detail
exactly the kind of Devastation caused
by Hamas on October 7th across
Israel
[Music]
fore