bring up to welcome Iraqi prime minister
Muhammad Shia Al Sudani on his first
ever visit to Washington later today
however the visit is overshadowed by the
threat of a Gaza War spillover looming
in the background this as Baghdad
happens to be a rare Ally of both
Washington and tan the Biden
Administration has been pressing Bagdad
and other partners in the region to urge
Iran to show restraint this comes
following the killing of seven Iranian
military officers in an April 1 strike
by Israel however responded with over
300 drones and missiles against Israel
over the weekend a potential escalation
will be front of mind for Biden and El
sadani who are Keen to prevent Israel's
war from spreading into Syria and
Lebanon in the earlier months of the
Gaza War Iran back groups such as KTIV
hisbah repeatedly targeted American
troops in the region these included
attacks on us bases in Jordan near the
border of Iraq and Syria back in January
that attack killed three American
soldiers and wounded more than 40 others
under pressure from Bagdad shortly after
the attack KTIV has buah announced that
was suspending all of its military
operations against American troops
suspension of hostilities from katif
hasbullah and other anti-us groups was a
conditioned place by the United States
for the Iraqi prime minister's visit but
what's likely to be on President Biden's
agenda is yet to be seen well for
starters this is what we do know the top
goal in Washington for Al sadani is
progress towards an agreement on us
troop withdrawal from his country before
a potential change in US Administration
after the November election there are
approximately 2,500 US troops still
deployed in Iraq Biden and El Sudani
will also discuss quote ongoing Iraqi
Financial reforms to promote Economic
Development and progress towards Iraq's
energy Independence and
modernization this is according to the
White House
not only this Al Sudani said that he
aims for a new phase of strategic
partnership that supports the
sovereignty and Independence of Iraq
without forging fruitful cooperation
between Baghdad and
Washington for all the latest news
download the weon app And subscribe to
our YouTube channel