Hamas the group that controls Gaza and
staged the Brazen surprise attack on
Israel has taken scores of hostages
since storming across the border in a
deadly assault that began on Saturday
now how many hostages are there well the
Israeli authorities have not yet
publicly provided specific details about
the number or identities of the
kidnapped victims but military officials
have said they included older people and
children as well most were captured from
small Israeli border towns on Saturday
morning and at least 100 50 Israelis
were taken hostage by Palestinian asants
according to a preliminary assessment
shared by one senior Israeli military
official in fact officials from the US
France and several other countries have
said they are looking into reports that
their citizens may be among the captives
but most information about those who may
have been taken hostage has been coming
from people searching for their missing
relatives and friends as well some
appear to have been taken from their
homes in the Israeli border communities
that were overrun by Palestinian gunmen
on Saturday others appear to have been
seized from an area near the border
where they had spent the night at a
festival but where are they being held
well a spokesman for hamas's armed Wing
claimed in a statement on telegram that
it had hidden dozens of hostages in safe
places and the tunnels of the resistance
now the militant group is set to use an
underground network of defensive tunnels
called the Hamas Metro System by the
Israeli military to travel undetected
and move weapons but how is Israel
responding at this point well amid
widespread criticism about the lack of
reliable information on the hostages
prime minister Benjamin Nathan yahu of
Israel has announced the appointment of
gal h a retired General as coordinator
for the captives and the missing
specifically and what happens next now
well the seizure of so many hostages
suggests that Hamas may want to hold
them as bargaining chips for a prison a
swap and possibly to use them as human
Shields as Israel Strikes Back in Gaza