that neighborhood shazia literally
pounded relentlessly during the night
and through the early hours of the day
sending hundreds thousands fleeing from
there with
little to
nothing people just barely able to grab
their children and walk out of there on
foot through whichever way they they
thought would be the safest but
ambulance workers describing horrific
scenes these streets
littered with
bodies corpses that they could not have
access to because the shelling was
so intense and a lot of these people
absolutely had no idea where to go to
had no idea where to evacuate so they
made their way to shifa hospital which
is the biggest hospital in the gaza
strip so you literally had a continuous
flow of these people with absolutely
nothing some of them barefoot with their
children in their hands walking into
that hospital compound and asking for
refuge and saying that they feel that
that this is the safest place that they
can go to in gaza but
doctors
health workers out there were telling
them that they simply can't stay there
it's a hospital it's meant to treat the
wounded and take care of casualties it's
absolutely not meant as a place
for refuge it's not meant to host people
so they're trying to get buses in there
and they're trying to put these people
on buses to get them to some of the u.n
emergency shelters but these people are
simply so traumatized and so fearful
that a lot of them are refusing to get
on the buses and are staying are saying
are insisting that they're going to stay
put no matter what if they have to sleep
outside they'll sleep outside they're
trying to make their way as well into
some of the buildings of that hospital
so very dramatic scenes out there and
one doctor also mentioning the fact that
there's so many casualties in this
hospital that the morgue is overflowing
they don't even know what to do with the
bodies anymore