a conflict it seems Without End Millions
already
displaced entire towns and cities in
ruin many Palestinians now forc to a
small Border City in the South I'm
especially alarmed by reports that the
Israeli military intends to focus next
on
Rafa but gaza's last Refuge seems likely
to be Israel's next
Target Gaza will no longer be a threat
to
Israel so how has Rafa become a Lifeline
in the Gaza Strip the small City sits
all the way to the south after hamas's
attack on October the 7th the IDF called
for more than 1 million people north of
the Whitey Gaza bridge to relocate we
urge all residents of Northern Gaza and
Gaza City to temporarily relocate South
Israel mobilized air strikes began by
November as Israel pushed in from the
north in ruer the Crossing with Egypt
was briefly opened some gazin were
allowed to leave and humanitarian Aid
began to trickle in meanwhile Israel's
operation in Gaza continued to move
downward by December the IDF had ordered
more evacuations in the south of the
strip it once again sent Millions even
further south now to Han yunas on the
edge of the conflict and towards Rafa
the escalation of hostilities in hunis
which has resulted in an increase in the
number of internally displaced people
seeking refuge in Rafa but since January
the conflict has continued to follow
those fleeing it Kan yunas now battered
by Israeli air strikes leaving Rafa the
only option for
many what does Netanyahu want we are
civilians with no involvement we want to
eat drink and have
shelter where do we go after Rafa where
into the
sea huge numbers of people now live in
tents with nowhere else to go an attack
there would be devastating
and after fresh air strikes and IDF
activity closing in hope in the lifeline
city is now
diminishing