Pakistan has recalled its ambassador to
Iran after tahan launched missile
attacks on what it says were militant
bases that attack as well as recent
strikes on Syria and Iraq demonstrate
Iran's push to assert and expand its
sphere of influence in what is currently
a highly volatile region of the world
ctv's Judy Trin
reports anguish after Iran launched a
deadly drone strike in Pakistan it
killed two children and injured two
others Pakistan reserves the right to
respond to this illegal act Pakistan
recalled its ambassador from Teran and
barred Iran's Envoy from returning to
Islamabad at the world economic Forum in
Davos Iran's foreign minister went on
damage control we only targeted Iranian
terrorists on the soil of
Pakistan over the past two days Iran has
also fired missiles at Targets in Syria
and Iraq in response to a spade of
Terror
attacks earlier in January explosions
killed more than 100 people at a
ceremony marking the 4-year anniversary
of the death of Kasam Solani the Iranian
revolutionary Guard general was killed
by a us drone in 2020 last December
another top commander and more than a
dozen police officers were killed in
separate
attacks at the Vatican the pope preached
restraint
good relations between neighbors are
built with dialogue and collaboration I
ask everyone to avoid any step that
fuels tension in the Middle East Iran's
retaliatory strengths come at a time
when it's also supporting Hamas in Gaza
Hezbollah in Lebanon and the houthis in
Yemen Iran absolutely wants to signal to
its enemies and its adversaries in the
region uh namely Israel and and Saudi
Arabia that it is
not only a formidable actor in the
region but that it is a leader since
Hamas attacked Israel on October 7th
Iran has been involved directly or
indirectly in military attacks in six
countries analysts say Iran thrives when
there's chaos Omar all right Judy thank
you