getting more breaking news on the
broadcast now we given to understand the
United Kingdom has in fact responded
very very uh concerningly on the
conflict between Israel and Palestine
prime minister Rishi sonak will now
reportedly be holding an emergency
cabinet office briefing rooms meeting
and that meeting is going to be held
later today to discuss the ongoing
situation in Israel that's the stat that
we're picking up as we have got very
strong responses from countries like the
United States of America India of course
lending support to Israel now the UK is
all set to hold a cobra meeting and that
meeting is to discuss the situation that
continues to escalate between Israel and
Palestine my colleague abishek continues
to be with us on the broadcast abishek
just take our views through the
significance of this emergency meet
that's now been called by the UK prime
min Minister and the possible outcomes
of this
meeting we have seen the EU and NATO
allies mostly expressing their
solidarity and support for Israel in
this week of Crisis that Israel is
currently undergoing and we have also
seen some of the you know reports that
says that us is moving its Naval assets
towards Israel uh that would give some
kind of support and super superiority to
Israeli counter offensive when they will
be launching some military operation
against Hamas for es trapped in ZaZa and
probably that in in that direction only
other countries would also like to
extend their support UK has uh express
its support for Israeli people in the
past also they have also condemned
recent terrorist attack and the latest
meeting that is happening in UK would uh
decide the kind of assistance the
support the military intervention or
what all kind of you know help UK would
be extending Israel in this hour of need
this is what you know being discussed
among the countries who have been
supporting isra for a very long time now
all right abish thank you so much for
all of that information we'll keep an
eye on these stories uh that you bring
for us as developments continue to
escalate between Israel and Palestine