Palestinian Health officials said
several dozen Palestinians including
women and children were killed in an
Israeli air strike on the jabalia
refugee camp Monday in Gaza the health
official said more than 500 people had
been killed and 120,000 had fled their
homes to schools and other areas of
Gaza more than four homes in the alron
area in jabalia were destroyed without
warning more than 50 or 60 martyrs a lot
of casualties unbelievable Devastation
oh my God they are pulling out people
now oh my God in Israel the country
remains in shock over the largest death
toll in 50 years the bodies of more than
260 Young music festivalgoers were
discovered Sunday Hamas gunmen kidnapped
more than 130 Israelis many from the
festival and took them to Gaza one of
those missing is 21-year-old ADI mael
her mother auua Mel spoke to journal
Monday it was our last call in which we
heard a lot
of noises and and shootings and the
boming bombing
and Chaos total chaos and there that was
our last call with ad and since then we
we we have no exact
accurate um position of her where she is
in what condition she is we don't know
if she's alive or not we don't know if
she's somewhere bleeding we don't know
if they if someone abducted her and we
we're just helpless Israel says it has
now taken over all 22 communities where
hundreds of Hamas gunmen had infiltrated
and killed civilians Israel is now on
the offensive and officials have vowed
to make sure Hamas no longer has a
military capability analysts say Israel
will have to work hard to regain its
deterrence the image of weakness that
Israel uh now uh suffers under because
of the uh catastrophe of the last 48
hours is something that it cannot come
out of the war from if it does it will
affect both peace and War and in the
future those in the region who want to
make peace with Israel fully understand
what Israel has to do here it has to
essentially achieve a strategic victory
uh on a level that erases and
overpowers uh transcends so to speak the
uh the Strategic defeat Israel has
called up hundreds of thousands of
reservists and many expect a ground
invasion of Gaza in the coming days
Israeli officials have told the public
to prepare for a long confrontation of
at least several weeks Linda gradstein
vaa news
Jerusalem