the holy month of Ramadan usually brings
an increase in sales and Market activity
that merchants and Shop owners eagerly
await but this year business is much
slower Ramadan this Ramadan is different
from past years and sales are 25% less
than previous
years KH who's been a butcher for 40
years says the high price of fresh meat
means people are not buying it instead
turning to frozen meat
and Faruk hamdan owner of a fresh juice
and pickles store that's a fixture in
downtown ramala relies heavily on
Ramadan sales which usually make up
nearly a third of his yearly
takings I used to sell 500 bottles of
juice a day but today it is only 50
Israel's brutal assault on Gaza has put
a lot of stress on an already struggling
Palestinian economy in the occupied West
Bank immediately after the conflict
erupted is sealed off the Palestinian
treasuries blocking tens of thousands of
workers and goods from entering Israel
this decision deprived the Palestinian
economy of a main source of Revenue this
led to a decline in purchasing power and
Commercial activity in Palestine as they
constituted an important liquidity
Factor they were injecting $350 million
each month into the Palestinian economy
not to mention Palestinian workers who
lost their jobs inside the occupied West
Bank to the conflict as well abim says
the Palestinian economy lost between 2
and half to3 billion in the past 6
months the streets of rala are usually
packed with Shoppers buying seasonal
suets new clothes and other items in
preparation forid but quick look around
what used to be buling street it's
remarkably subdued this year there's no
shortage of people but very few are
spending money the poverty figure are
alarming the number of Palestinians
living in poverty is about 20% and
unemployment in the occupied West Bank
is at an historic high of
35% prices have become so high and the
income never goes up if you want to buy
a kilo of civits along with other items
you must have a good Financial income
what should someone who has five or six
members in the family
do as Ramadan draws to an end and the
conflict in Gaza grinds on more and more
people are wondering how they can afford
even a few luxuries and whether next
year's Ramadan will be any better
mhammad Alim trt World rala occupied
West
[Music]
Bank