today in the sort of military parade
that regimes love Iran put on a display
of some of the drones and longrange
missiles fired at Israel on Saturday
night Iran is on high alert expecting
Israel to strike any day now the
country's leader warned that that would
be a
mistake if the tiniest invasion is made
by the Zionist regime against our
homeland or our interests the Israelis
must be certain that they will face a
very harsh
response in Jerusalem the British
foreign secretary met with the Israeli
Prime Minister the Assumption amongst
Western governments now is that Israel
will strike back and so the diplomacy is
aimed at limiting the potential
consequences of that are you any clearer
about what Israel Plans by way of
response well we wanted to demonstrate
our solidarity with Israel because it
was an appalling attack by Iran but to
be clear we have repeated our view that
any response should be smart uh and that
should be designed in a way that is
going to limit and try to deescalate
this conflict nobody wants to see this
uh conflict grow and spread Netanyahu
who has barely been heard of since the
weekend attacks on his country chaired a
meeting of the cabinet today
world leaders have also all types of
suggestions and advice I appreciate it
but I want to make clear that we will
make our own decisions and the state of
Israel will do all that is needed to
defend itself the crisis with Iran might
have briefly distracted from the ongoing
war in Gaza but the hostage crisis
remains unresolved and many people are
losing patience with a leader they don't
trust although many Israelis would
support a retaliation against Iran a
significant number here are still
opposed to the Netanyahu government and
blame them for not getting the hostages
in Gaza home
yet in Gaza more humanitarian Aid is
finally getting in but there is still a
problem with Distributing it especially
to the
north the fighting also continues and
fears of an invasion of Rafa remain
Israel is still unable to win and
extricate itself self from one war but
might be on the brink of starting
another alist bungle Sky News in
Jerusalem