there's a growing outcry over the death
of the journalist shireen abu aklay who
was shot dead while reporting in the
occupied west bank
scuffles have broken out between
palestinian protesters and israeli
police in jerusalem
protesters have been on the streets of
jerusalem and across tunisia jordan iraq
and lebanon all condemning the death of
the reporter
the european union united states the
palestinians and the human rights
council at the un have all demanded an
independent and transparent
investigation
[Music]
is
the arab group in new york
uh
adopted a statement condemning in the
strongest possible term this this
criminal act
by the israeli occupying authorities and
demanding an international independent
investigation on this crime
and to take
those who are responsible for this crime
to face their
their to face you know the
accountability regarding these crimes
israel blames palestinian gunmen for the
killing but journalists who were at the
scene of the incident insist there were
no palestinian fighters nearby
our correspondent jody cohen has sent us
this report
i'm in the beautiful and tranquil haifa
where 200 arab israelis took to the
streets on thursday evening waving
palestinian flags to protest the
shooting of veteran journalist shiroon
abu aklar everyone agrees that her death
during a firefight between israeli
soldiers and palestinians in jenin is a
tragedy as are the deaths of all
journalists caught in the crossfire
while reporting from conflict zones
across the world what israelis and
palestinians don't agree on is how this
happened an initial israeli probe is
said to have found that israeli troops
did not fire at abu aklar and the
palestinian authority has now refused
israel's request for a joint
investigation to find the answers the pa
says they will do an independent probe
and release their findings meanwhile
president abbas has already accused
israel of not only being responsible for
the shooting but of shooting her
intentionally israel's leaders have
reaffirmed the importance of a free
media in israel as in all democracies
the concern is now that the accusations
of murder will lead to possible revenge
attacks this is jody cohen for we on
world is one
[Music]