[Applause]
Gaza Ed supplies have dwindled to barely
a trickle sves of territory are
completely cut up from food but the soup
kitchen and Rafa keeps going providing
meals for displaced Gins Muhammad Al
delu a volunteer fears their operation
will end if the war continues and said
they have gone through difficult
circumstances in providing food to
people the soup kitchen used to make up
to 10 different Mills now they are
limited to make only two to three Duty a
lack of supplies and Rising
costs our hearts are being squeezed with
pain when a child comes over and says I
want to have rice and chicken we are
unable to provide rice let alone Chicken
in light of the war that we are
experiencing this is not only a war on
civilians it is a war on food of
starvation people here in the Gaza Strip
cannot find bread to
eat after almost 5 months of Israel's
air and ground assault on the gaz's
troop resulting in Mass displacement
severe food shortages have led to what
the United Nations is describing as a
nutrition crisis it's part of a broader
humanitarian catastrophe unfolding in
The
Enclave gaza's few functioning hospitals
are overwhelmed by the wed and say
children have started dying of
malnutrition a delivery has collapsed
with only a fraction of the food needed
getting in and very little reaching the
Northern
areas Israel says it is prepared to let
more Aid through the two checkpoints on
the southern edge of Gaza but it has
permitted to open and blames the UN and
other eight agencies for failing to
distributed more widely the agencies
said it has become impossible with a
breakdown of civil Administration and
Law and Order and that it is up to
Israel whose troops have stormed gaza's
towns and Patrol them to provide access
and security for food distribution Kaza
Health Ministry said at least
3,717 people have been killed in
Israel's military offensive launch after
Hamas attacks that killed 1,200 people
in October according to Israeli
Tes