[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
out
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
up
[Music]
go
[Music]
not always easy to speak in time like
this there has been too much violence
and too much heartbreaking brutality the
escalations in the recent weeks is
unable to witness all lives are sacred
and must be protected the maskers need
to stop families are being turned apart
what's clear now is that humanitarian
Aid to Gaza must be allowed
immediately the people there are in
terrible
conditions the scenes at the hospital
last night were
horrifying the people of Gaza need food
water and medical supplies urgently I'm
calling the world leaders to come
together to prevent the F Slaughter of
innocent Souls Humanity must
prevail
[Music]
I'm pleased to be here in Israel at this
important time above all I'm here to
express my solidarity with the Israeli
people you have suffered an unspeakable
horrific Act of terrorism and I want you
to know that the United Kingdom and I
stand with you I'm looking forward to my
meetings later today with the Prime
Minister and president and I very much
hope that they will be productive
meetings
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I'm opposed to uh the money that the
American government has given to Israel
and my hope is that no more money will
be given now if I could give a message
to President Biden would say President
Biden open your eyes look at what's
happening in Gaza look at the
devastation in Gaza if if you want to be
able to live with
yourself you need to stand up and end
the genocide and demand a ceasefire
right now Biden's visit to Israel today
is shameful and abhorent over the last
10 days we have seen the Israeli
government and the Israeli military drop
over 6,000 bombs on 2 million
Palestinians living in one of the most
densely populated places on the planet
that is more bombs than the US dropped
on Afghanistan in a
[Music]
year
[Music]
I