we are watching and waiting to hear if
there has been any progress in Cairo of
course CIA Chief Bill Burns is meeting
with the Israeli spy Chief and other
Regional officials today to try to
hammer out those final details in a
hostage release deal and a ceasefire
deal that comes though as the panic in
Rafa that's the Southernmost city in the
Gaza Strip is rising our team has been
out all day talking to people about how
scared they are about Israeli Prime
Minister uh Benjamin netanyahu's threat
that there will be an Israeli ground
incursion it feels like the clock is
ticking it is a race between the deal
and a possible ground incursion 1.4
million people slammed in that very tiny
area Rafa at the southernmost a city the
southernmost tip of the Gaza Strip right
up against the border of Egypt and
international organizations the US
others are raising the alarm that these
people have nowhere to go I do have some
other news though to share with you a US
citizen and the state department has
just confirmed this a US C citizen was
shot and killed on Saturday in the
occupied West Bank and we actually just
got off the phone with his father the
father's name is Ahmed kadur he lives in
Miami Florida he has just flown over
here and he tells us what happened he
was having a picnic with friends and
relatives he then got into a car and
that is when Israeli forces according to
people who were there telling his father
open fired now Muhammad Ahmed Muhammad
kador was taken to a hospital in rala he
died from gunshot wounds in his head
according to his father and according to
the defense for children International
it's an organization that tracks
incidents like this since October 7th 98
Palestinian children under the age of 18
have been killed and we have asked the
Israeli military for more information
Molly Hunter NBC News
Jerusalem