calls for ceasefire are also coming from
hundreds of Muslim organizations in
Canada who reinforced that demand today
in an open letter to members of
parliament this time with an ultimatum
ctv's Michael lure explains Shame Shame
frustration with the federal government
has been building in the Muslim
Community prime minister Justin Trudeau
was Jered on the anniversary of the
Quebec City mosque shooting earlier this
year and now a national Muslim group is
telling all members of parliament if
they don't make certain pledges they
won't be welcome in their houses of
worship during Ramadan this doesn't just
come down to the federal government this
comes down to all parties Civil Society
signed by more than 300 Muslim groups
including leadership at prominent
mosques across the country the letter
asks that before any MPS go to a
community Gathering they commit to
calling for an immediate ceasefire in
Gaza that MP's condemn what the
organization says are war crimes carried
out by Israel and the group is demanding
the resumption of funding to the United
Nations relief and works agency last
month Canada and other allies suspended
funding for unra in response to
allegations that agency staff were
involved in the October 7th attack on
Israel you can't even say that they
should Rectify a situation where you
have half a million people that are on
the brink of starvation and death Deputy
Prime Minister Chris treland points out
the liberal government has called for a
ceasefire in gun
the opposition conservatives have not I
really do recognize um how painful this
is for the Muslim Community Freeland
adds it's up to community leaders to
choose who they want to meet it's worth
noting the National Council of Canadian
Muslims cancelled a meeting with the
Prime Minister last month and while
politicians are the target of this
letter some who signed it say it's not a
political fight there is a plausible
genocide that is is unfolding before our
very eye and it needs to stop liberal MP
Salma zahed who is Muslim told me while
the community is hurting she believes
the dialogue with MPS should not be cut
off Omar all right Mike thank you