debris from an Iranian rocket littered
this part of the desert in southern
Israel where prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu faced growing pressure from
allies on Monday to show restraint as he
considered how to respond to Iran's
weekend missile and drone attack a
government Source said Netanyahu met
with his War cabinet Monday for the
second time in 24 hours following the
Iranian strikes this is an Israeli
decision to make um whether and how
they'll respond White House National
Security spokesperson John Kirby on
Monday said Washington was not involved
in Israel's decision on if and how it
might
respond the weekend attack involving
more than 300 missiles and drones caused
only modest damage in Israel and no
deaths most were shot down by Israel's
Iron Dome defense system and with help
from the US Britain France and Jordan
President Biden instructed the United
States to defend Israel to the maximum
extent possible and defeat that attack
and we did with the support of our part
Partners the United States enabled
Israel to
spectacular spectacularly defeat it and
now those allies were urging Netanyahu
not to raise tensions any further the
United States has committed to Israel
security from the Oval Office President
Joe Biden affirmed Washington's support
for Israel speaking in Parliament UK
prime minister Rishi sunak said he
planned to speak with the Israeli leader
I will also shortly be speaking to prime
minister Netanyahu to express our
solidarity with Israel in the face of
this attack and to discuss how we can
prevent further
escalation Iran launched the attack over
a suspected Israeli air strike on its
Embassy compound in Syria on April 1st
that killed seven Iranian revolutionary
guards officers including two senior
commanders Italy which holds the
rotating presidency of the group of
seven major democracies raised the
possibility of the G7 discussing new
sanctions against Iran following the
attack the attack against Israel
has been a big mistake in an interview
with Reuters Italian foreign minister
Antonio tjani said new sanctions would
need the backing of all the G7 which
includes Italy France Germany Canada
Japan Britain and the United States we
need to be very
prudent we need to work for a
deescalation he suggested any new
sanctions would be focused on
individuals rather than whole Nations