in the war tone Gaza Strip famine looms
as thousands of Palestinians await more
eight in the latest Israel has announced
the preparations for floating Pier as
the world tries to supply Aid to Gaza in
recent weeks the work has begun to
accommodate a floating peer in Gaz of
humanitarian Aid especially efforts are
being made on the layout of the area for
receiving the aid in Gaza Israel says
the area covers 67 acres of land
according to the IDF these effs began
with a collaborative Workshop involving
American Partners who contributed to the
initial planning design according to
reports the pier will initially
facilitate the delivery of 90 truck
loads of international Aid a day into
Gaza eventually rising up to 150 truck
loads once it is fully operational
according to the Pentagon the US troops
are also helping in the construction of
the floating Pier
about 1,000 American troops will support
the military effort including in
coordination cells in Cyprus and
Israel US forces have been ordered not
to step onto the Gaza Shore as per
reports a third party will be driving
trucks down the pier on the beach the
United Nations world food program has
agreed to lead the aid delivery effort
but its Deputy executive director has
raised his concerns they say the group
must be able to operate in safe and a
secure way moreover according to a
report citing un officials the boat will
probably have three zones one controlled
by the Israelis where AID from the pier
is dropped off another where the aid
will be transferred and a third where
Palestinian drivers contracted by the UN
will want to pick up the aid before
bringing it to distribution points on
the other hand a three ship flotilla
planning to reach Gaza with some 5,000
tons of humanitarian aid from turkey has
been prevented from Sailing by gine
basau authorities they have also taken
down their flags from the two ships
following the action taken by guine
basar authorities a press release by the
freedom Fila Coalition described the
cancellation of the vessel's registry as
a blatantly political move adding that
without a flag they cannot simply
sail for all the latest news down down
the weon app And subscribe to our
YouTube channel