Israel's war with Hamas and tonight the
families of the American hostages still
being held captive by Hamas meeting with
President Biden and what they said
afterward one family saying they are
hoping for a Christmas miracle here's
James
Longman tonight President Biden meeting
with the families of the eight Americans
held hostage by Hamas for 68 days
Jonathan deel Chen's son Sagi among the
135 people still in captivity the US
Administration is completely committed
to getting the hes out Liz naftali whose
four-year-old grand niece Abigail Idan
was recently freed with a message we
love a Christmas miracle we would love
all of our loved ones to come back and
be with us for Christmas the White House
says Biden was moved by their stories
and their hope and after his comments at
a fundraiser Tuesday where he warned
Israel is starting to lose support
around the world over their quote
indiscriminate bombing of
Gaza prime minister Netanyahu today
vowing to continue the fight until the
destruction of
Hamas but that fight coming at a cost 10
Israeli soldiers have died in Gaza in
the past 24 hours the highest combat
death toll since
October and misery in Gaza massive
storms sparking floods this child's body
carried through Knee Deep Water there's
no dignity in death here we've been
following 68-year-old grandfather waji
ABIA now living in a makeshift tent with
his family after fleeing to raer I spoke
with him today over the phone what
happened to your tent the rain the rain
come in the tent your tent was flooded
last night yes yes uh in the morning I
covered the tent with plastic bag is
running out of options it's very
difficult but what what can I do and
after that meeting with President Biden
David one hostage family member said she
felt President Biden had brought the
light when there had been so much
Darkness
David everyone thinking about those
families James Longman in Israel again
tonight thank you
James hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching