the United Nations security Council has
approved a resolution calling for an
immediate ceasefire in Gaza Israel's
longtime Ally us abstained from voting
and experts say this highlights the
all-time low in ties between US
President Joe Biden and Israeli Prime
Minister benam Netanyahu during the
ongoing War soon after the vot Netanyahu
abruptly scrapped a visit by a senior
Israeli delegation to Washington the aim
of the meeting was to discuss Israel's
plannned offensive in Rafa according to
netanyahu's office the failure of the US
to veto the resolution is a clear
Retreat from its previous position and
will hurt Israel's war efforts the
threat of an offensive in gaza's Rafa
has increased tensions between us and
Israel experts claim if the crisis is
not managed carefully it's only going to
continue to worsen with
time the suspension of the meeting in
Washington also jeopardizes us efforts
to tackle the humanitarian catastrophe
in in Gaza at the same time it puts a
major obstacle in the way of Biden
Administration to get Netanyahu to
consider alternatives to a ground
invasion of Rafa Biden's decision to
abstain from un voting also appears to
reflect growing us frustration with
Netanyahu earlier this month Biden said
that a Rafa Invasion will be a red line
however he added that us is not going to
cut off military aid to Israel Netanyahu
dismissed Biden's criticism and wowed to
press forward forward into Rafa
regardless on the other hand both the
leaders are dealing with political
pressures of their own in November Biden
will face his Republican rival Donald
Trump as he aims for another term in the
White House the US president faces
pressure not just from America's allies
but from a growing number of fellow
Democrats as they call to limit Israel's
offensive in Gaza and at the same time
Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu is
facing domestic challenges of his own
far right Coalition members are
demanding a hard line against the
Palestinians he is also facing growing
calls for hostages families to bring
back their loved ones and the frequent
protests calling for netanyahu's
resignation which only adds to his
[Music]
[Music]
problems