extremist settlers in the West Bank will
be banned from entering Belgium violence
against civilians will have
consequences NATO is not a party in this
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
conflict
[Music]
since the atrocious attacks the Belgian
government has defended Israel's right
to defend its own population the core
task of every government but since we
have also asked for restraint for the
release of all hostages and then for the
respect of international humanitarian
law and for unhindered humanitarian
access some
say these were Hollow words words and
nobody's
listening but I'm 100% convinced of the
opposite many of the people in the
region want to hear that we Europeans
care about their plight when innocent
civilians in KF or in Gaza are killed we
should speak up if we want our voices to
be credible and it's not just words that
counts extremist settlers in the West
Bank will be banned from entering
Belgium
[Music]
US US Secretary Anthony blinkin
announced a new Visa restriction
targeting individuals involved in
actions that undermine peace security
and stability in the West Bank violence
against civilians will have consequences
we will work with the United States on
these sanction measures and we will push
the European Union to follow
suits
what
violence in the West Bank this year is
at levels not seen since the second
inata and in recent weeks an alarming
surge in violent acts has driven this
unwelcome record even higher this
includes unprecedented levels of
Violence by Israeli extremist settlers
targeting Palestinians and their
property displacing entire communities
as well as Violence by Palestinian
extremist militants against Israeli
civilians today as President Biden
recently warned the United States is
taking action to address this escalating
violence in the West Bank by
implementing a new implementing a new
Visa restriction policy under Section
212 a3c of the immigration and
nationality
Act
[Music]
[Applause]
fore