strong winds in the forecast have put a
pause on yellow knife's path for
re-entry and are threatening other
evacuated communities emergency crews
are bracing for more fires along a key
Northwest territory's Highway starting
tomorrow the road that leads to Alberta
could Clos without warning because of
poor visibility smoke from those fires
covered skies in Calgary and Southern
Alberta today South Africa is in M
tonight after fire raced through a
dilapitated apartment building in
Johannes
killing at least 74 people 12 children
are among the victims it's one of the
worst residential fires in the country's
history ctv's Vanessa Lee has the latest
for
us as fire raged through this five-story
building in the middle of the night
people used sheets and blankets to try
and Escape some jumped out of Windows
and survived others didn't make it this
man broke his window but struggled to
climb through smoke is come to me
yeah after that I just fall
down then from there I don't know
anything until
now among the dead children the youngest
was just
one-year-old this is
unprecedented Johannesburg has never had
an incident like this where so many
people die as a result of a fire it's
believed as many as 200 people were
crammed inside what is considered a
hijacked building an abandoned property
taken over by cartels or slumlords who
rent out rooms to those who can't afford
to live elsewhere many of them recent
immigrants South African president C
Raposa says the building used to be a
shelter for women and children but once
the lease expired it was unlawfully
occupied it's a wakeup call for us to
begin to address the situation of
housing in the inner city critics say
the problem isn't new with the
vulnerable living in unsafe conditions
in hundreds of hijacked buildings in the
city's dilapidated business district
this is not an accident uh this for me
it's made our capable homicide because
it it was bound to happen officials are
still looking into the cause of the fire
initial evidence suggests it started
with a candle as people try to keep warm
during that country's winter month
Vanessa Lee CTV News Montreal