there is simply nowhere else for
civilians to go said a rare joint
statement published by Australia Canada
and New Zealand's prime ministers on
Thursday this as Israel prepares a
ground offensive in the southern city of
Rafa Gaza whose population has increased
five-fold as Palestinians from across
the strip have fled there in hopes of
finding
safety I wish to restate the Australian
government's grave concerns about an
impending major Israeli ground offensive
in Rafa
this would bring further Devastation to
more than a million civilians seeking
shelter and ruer many there by Israel's
Direction Australia believes this would
be
unjustifiable Wednesday saw Ireland's
t-u Leo verka and Spanish premier Pedro
Sanchez pen a letter to Ursula Von
delion for an urgent EU review of
potential human rights violations
committed by the Israeli campaign in
Gaza the letter states that the expanded
Israeli military operation in Rafa
possesses a grave and imminent threat
that the International Community must
confront urgently and on a visit to
Jerusalem on Tuesday German diplomacy
Chief analena bebok made an emotive plea
to the Israeli government invoking
Israeli evacuation orders that
encouraged civilians to seek refuge in
Rafa and the plight of those who left
their homes carrying their children with
nothing but the clothes on their
back if the Israeli Army were to LA an
offensive on Rafa under these conditions
it would be a humanitarian catastrophe
in the making this after talks with
prime minister Netanyahu and president
lapid who believe the senior Hamas
operatives behind the 7th of October
attacks are hiding out in the Rafa area
the Prime Minister maintained on
Wednesday that Israel would fight until
what he called complete victory