now the death of Hamas deputy chief Sal
aluri has sparked protest in Palestine
thousands gathered in his hometown in
West Bank and are Marching to demand
Revenge these are the scenes from arura
in West Bank Al aru's Hometown people
have been demonstrating here holding
Palestine and hamas's
[Music]
flags
[Music]
while these visuals are from rala
several Palestinians are taking to
streets here to protest against the
Israeli attacks in Gaza and the killing
of senior Hamas official in the Lebanese
[Music]
capital
large crowds also gathered in Yemen
Capital sa Hui supporters are rallying
here in solidarity with Gaza the rebel
group has warned that they will Target
ships in the Red Sea that have links to
Israel several of their missiles and
drones have shot down have been shot
down by the United States French and
British warships in recent
[Music]
weeks
[Music]
meanwhile back in Israel with the 3month
anniversary of Hamas attack on the super
NOA Music Festival approaching families
of the victims visited the site in R
kibuts to remember those killed in the
attack paid tribute by lighting
[Music]
candles
[Music]
I'm still stuck on October 7th maybe the
8th I can't switch days I cannot turn
the page I can't open the new year for
my family and another 135 families today
is the 91st of October today is the 9 91
days that they are held by the terror
organization Hamas and literally every
second
counts the side holds pictures of those
who were taken captive or were killed
according to authorities 364 people were
shot bludgeoned or burned to death at
the Nova festival and another 40 were
taken hostage by
heras
[Music]
on the 7th of October Hamas militants
infiltrated from Gaza held people
hostage until date over 129 hostages
remain in Hamas captivity this is the
families of the hostages continue
waiting eagerly for the release of their
loved
ones
Theon is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move