our Mark stman reports on those college
campus protests that have erupted across
the
country all the clamor on campus keep
spreading a clash of more than ideas
riot gear at Ohio
State tasers at Emory University in
Atlanta mostly Pro Palestinian
protesters at times scuffling with
police waved on by school administrators
with hundreds of arrests communities
like the UN univ of Texas turning on
each other Israel's war on Hamas has
another front
[Applause]
line a free speech and hate speech
campus debate that's anything but
academic if you want to protect Free
Speech then you don't break up priest
full protests people didn't seem to be
aware of how bad the situation for free
speech and academic freedom already was
on campus until October 7th Greg lukanov
of the foundation for individual rights
and expression a group defending the
right to free speech do you have the
sense that any of this is moving the
ball forward some of the ways the
protest has been going on on college
campuses has been alienating more of the
public than bringing it in on Columbia
University's West Lawn Civil
Disobedience this ongoing 10 City
galvanized National protests they want
the university to divest investments in
Israel and companies they say profit off
repression of
Palestinians dueling protests at
Colombia pro-israel Pro Palestinian
reflect a larger Welter of opinion and
emotion passion and perceived Prejudice
people would be up in arms and
protesting that right away but because
it's the Jews I feel like nobody cares
all this Coast to Coast commotion is
well into its second week and what began
here at Columbia has now rippled
overseas from Paris to London University
students occupied buildings and marched
in the streets they're echoing this us
student movement at times a moment
that's been unflattering even dark from
intolerant protesters to stumbling
universities a lot of campuses are
teaching young people to think like
activists and less like Scholars when
you're reduced to just shouting at each
other that is a failure of some of the
things that makes higher education so
special