let's get you more on these airstrikes
jordana miller joins us from jerusalem i
mean jordana what more do we know uh
about these airstrikes at this stage
well it's important to note that uh the
israeli army
and the leader the prime minister
basically announced that this is an
operation in the gaza strip and not just
a series of airstrikes it's important
also to note that the target is
palestinian islamic jihad attentions
have been rising specifically with this
militant group not just in the last week
but really in since march
when
this group was responsible for a series
of attacks here in israel on civilians
deadly attacks
and since then israel has been carrying
out a lot of also deadly military raids
in the disputed west bank to try to root
out
violence coming from palestinian islamic
jihad in the short term they the israeli
army had arrested one of their leaders
in the disputed west bank just days ago
and there had essentially been
a kind of standoff with the militant
group over the last number of days
israel shutting down roads and asking
really israelis living around the gaza
border to stay
home
for all of us reporting it seemed like
something larger was in the works and
here it is this is an operation that has
taken out a top palestinian islamic
jihad leader and several others
according to israel what we don't know
at this point is how long this operation
will go on and if the central question
is if hamas the islamist rulers of the
gaza strip will jump into this fight
that will be a significant
development which could lead to a much
larger escalation israel appears to be
preparing for all options with uh
opening their um their uh bomb shelters
all through the south putting the iron
dome even in central israel to protect
against tel aviv so it could go really
either way at this point we're gonna
have to wait and see okay