[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
we have an opportunity for an immediate
ceasefire that can bring hostages home
that can dramatically increase the
amount of humanitarian assistance
getting into Palestinians who so
desperately needed and can also set the
conditions for an enduring resolution
and it is on Hamas to make decisions
about whether it is prepared to engage
in that ceasefire uh but throughout
including the original ceasefire that
was were able to achieve last year that
brought hostages home and created a weak
quiet humanitarian assistance doubling
during that time cutter played along
with Egypt the critical role in getting
us to that point and it continues uh to
do so
now it's also urgent
irrespective of ceasefire to
dramatically increase the humanitarian
assistance that's getting to people
inside of Gaza uh the situation for
children for women for men who are
caught in this Crossfire of hoses making
inside of Gaza is unacceptable and
unsustainable Israel has to maximize
every possible means every possible
method of getting assistance to people
who need
[Music]
it
qar United States and our partners will
be always persistent to make sure that
this deal happens despite whoever is
trying to undermine the efforts of
bringing peace we want to bring peace we
want to see an end of the humanitarian
suffering we want to see the hostages
back with their families and hopefully
today we present us an opportunity to
discuss further in details about the
development on that front on the bigger
picture and of course uh uh ultimately
uh hoping to reach a just solution for
the pesan people also to get their own
State at the end of the
day