a horrific story is unfolding tonight as
the war between Hamas and Israel appears
to be fueling tensions here at home a
71-year-old man charged with a hate
crime after the Fatal stabbing of a
six-year-old boy his mother was also
seriously injured police say both were
targeted by the suspect for being Muslim
here's ABC's Alex
pet tonight 6-year-old wadia alumi
brutally stabbed to death his mother in
serious condition after an alleged hate
crime believed to be motivated by the
ongoing war between Israel and Hamas
sheriff's deputy say their landlord
71-year-old Joseph zuba targeted his
tenants inside their home simply because
they were Muslim and she said that he
knocked down the door and that he
attempted to choke her and said you
Muslims Must Die deputies responded
Saturday about 40 mil outside of Chicago
in planfield Township finding Hanan
Shaheen and alfha Yumi inside a bedroom
in their home Shaheen stabbed more than
a dozen times the boy with 26 stab
wounds a military style knife with a
7-in blade later found in his abdomen
she ran into the bathroom and called 911
and by the time she came out he had
located and murdered her child
6-year-old wadia zuba found by deputies
sitting in the driveway late today the
boy's father lost for words through a
translator only asking for one thing to
bring accountability for his um life
taken too soon Lindsay tonight that
mother is expected to survive in zuba
faces more multiple counts including
first-degree murder and hate crime
charges Lindsay Alex thank
you hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching