Israeli defense minister yav Galant told
soldiers that the country will know how
to defeat its enemies should conflict in
West Asia escalate further world leaders
have urged Israel not to retaliate after
Iran launched hundreds of drones and
missiles towards its territory Kalan
said Iran did not have the capability to
deter the Israeli
military the Israeli Minister said and I
quote any enemy that will fight against
the United States we will know how to
hit him wherever he is his commands come
as isra officials have remained quiet
when and how it will respond to Iran's
thwarted weekend
attack they will not be able to
implement a different equation of
deterence against the state of Israel
the Israeli Air Force planes are
operating everywhere the Skies of West
Asia are open any that will fight
against us we will know how to hit him
wherever he
[Music]
[Music]
is Iran's Deputy foreign minister said a
retaliation against any possible Israeli
move would come in a matter of seconds
not hours Ali bageri KH told Iranian
State tv Israel will face a Resolute and
hard response from Iran if it makes the
slightest move against Iran its people
or its interests the United States
Department will ask as R for more
information about the January death of
six-year-old Palestinian hindra jaab in
Gaza the terrified girl trapped in a car
with her dead family had begged for help
in a call to Rescuers in which gunfire
could be heard as she described as
Israel is drawing near us officials have
said they are reviewing incidents of
Civilian harm in Israel's war in Gaza
they say the review is part of processes
meant to ensure us provided weapons are
not used in breaches of international
humanitarian
lawed after the tour Washington intends
to hit Iran with new sanctions over its
unprecedented attack on Israel the
sanctions will Target Iran's missile and
drone program and entity supporting the
Islamic revolutionary guard quar and the
defense Ministry these actions could
seek to reduce Iran's capacity to export
oil for all the latest news download the
weon app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel