the UN Security Council laa demanded an
immediate ceasefire between Israel and
Hamas urging an end to the hostilities
that have devastated Gaza this critical
resolution though widely welcomed
globally has left Israel dissatisfied
with the US Shin
hasmore the United Nations security
Council on Monday adopted a resolution
demanding an immediate CIS fire between
Israel and the Palestinian militant
group
the resolution which passed 14 to0 with
a US abstaining demands an immediate CIS
fire that could lead to a permanent and
sustainable truth it also called for the
immediate and unconditional release of
all hostages this marks the first time
the security Council has adopted a
resolution demanding a cease fire
related to the situation in
Gaza this blood bath has continued for
far too long it is Our obligation to put
an end to the blath before it is too
late the US explained its reasons for
exstension stating that while it agrees
a csire is necessary it believed certain
quote keits were missing in the
resolution certain kits were ignored
including our requests to add a
condemnation of Hamas the White House
National Security adviser John Kirby
stated in a briefing later the same day
that the US decision not to exercise its
veto does not indicate a shift in US
policy Direction Kirby added that the US
backed a ceire but did not support the
resolution because the tax did not
condemn hamus following the adoption
hamus welcomed the UNSC resolution
saying he was ready to engage in an
immediate prisoner swap with Israel
meanwhile Israel which has consistently
opposed the ceire on the grounds that it
would solely benefit hamus expressed
particular disa isfaction with the
United States for not using its vetto
power this time this led to Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
abruptly canceling the planned visit of
a highlevel delegation to the US next
week the White House expressed its very
disappointment over netanyahu's decision
but set talks between US National
Security adviser Jake Sullivan and
Israeli defense minister yuab cin would
go
ahead