gazali like I said several questions
what is the logistical plan uh what do
Indian citizens need to know how should
they be going about this can you break
down the details for us see the first
thing any Indian who is staying in
Israel for work is study for any other
purposes needs to register with the
embassy of India in Tel Aviv they have
given a Google form which is available
on the on their website as well on their
guidelines as under the list of the
guidelines even that is there in alert
section that's there so you can check
that Google form register on it so that
the embassy of India and T knows that
how many or who all are staying in
Israel right now now more than 18,000
people are staying in in Indian citizens
are there in Israel most of them are
either care workers or students or work
in the tech companies Indian students
since they're young they're students
they stay in the University campus most
of them the University is also involved
in this evacuation plan in the sense
that they will guide you on where and
how to reach the borian airport in Tel
Aviv because the universities are
scattered all over the country there are
multiple universities in the North and
South both directions of the country so
what I'm picking up from the Indian
students there their main concern is
whether the train and the buses are
running because the security situation
is updated through multiple apps which
the which anybody who stays in Israel
knows it that they get regular updates
about the infiltration or Sirens when
there are misile attacks so right now
the University Administration is also
updating the students whether they can
get out of the University or not but the
first and foremost thing is that you
have to register with the Indian Embassy
and then the Indian Embassy informs you
about the evacuation plan that who all
will be invited to the vorian airport
and what will be the timing of the first
departure flight which will take you out
of Israel to
India right gazali thanks very much for
joining us with that latest information
I think this is important information
for the benefit of our viewers on how
really to navigate uh this entire
evacuation process we'll of course
continue to bring you the very latest
from Ground Zero so