we now shift Focus to West Asia Joe
Biden said a deal for a ceasefire in the
Gaza Strip in exchange for the release
of Israeli hostages is in the hands of
Hamas well the US president stated that
a ceasefire was necessary to get more
Aid into Gaza but here's more on the
true stalks and Biden's flip flops on a
potential ceasefire for hostage deals
you see on 26th of February Biden said
and I'm going to quote him here my hope
is that by next Monday we will have a
ceasefire he was eating an ice cream a
while saying this and that attracted
widescale criticism now that Monday has
come and gone well just days ago on the
1st of March he said he hope for Israel
Hamas ceasefire deal by Ramadan the
Muslim fasting month of Ramadan begins
at the start of next week and now he
expects Hamas which is already a
designated terrorist organization by the
US to decide the outcome of the
negotiations so the US president said
and I'm going to quote him here again we
must get more Aid into Gaza there's no
excuses
anymore
well I hope by the the beginning of the
weekend I be the end of the weekend at
least my my my n security advisor tells
me that we're close we're close it's not
done yet and My Hope Is by next Monday
we'll have a See
Fire I heard so we're still working real
hard at it not there it's in the hands
of Hamas right now the uh the Israel
have been cooperating there's enough out
there that's rational we don't know what
we we'll know in a couple days if this
going to happen we need the
ceasefire the US Qatar and Egypt are
trying to broker a ceasefire deal
between Israel and Hamas on Tuesday
Hamas negotiators stayed in Cairo for a
third day of ceasefire talks in a bid to
Halt the fighting in time for Ramadan
free Israeli hostages and stve of famine
a 40-day ceasefire would allow some
hostages captured in Hamas October
attack to go free while Aid to Gaza
would be increased families would be
able to return to abandoned homes in the
US voters on the left are dissatisfied
with Biden's unwavering support for
Israel as its military operations in
Gaza have left more than 30,000
Palestinians
[Music]
dead