[Music]
Amala kavaja hasn't seen her parents in
16 months but it isn't because she was
in school she's been jailed in Israel
since 2016
the Palestinian teenager is accused of
trying to stab an Israeli soldier in the
occupied West Bank
he accused me of assaulting a soldier
and the journey was very difficult for
me they arrested me at O my right hand
checkpoint and they took me to the army
camp it was a nightmare then they took
me to the shower in prison and they
interrogated me on the second day
Amma's mother was understandably shocked
when her 15 year old was arrested
what can I say we were just crying and
angry we didn't know where she was or
what happened to her we didn't know
anything and the next day they told us
she's in court when we went to see her
they didn't give us a chance to come
near her and quickly postponed her trial
lots of other Palestinian mothers have
had to suffer a similar plight a local
rights group says at least 280
Palestinian children had been held in
Israeli prisons as of October last year
child rights group defense for children
says that each year up to 700
Palestinian children are prosecuted in
Israeli military courts now Palestinians
have taken to the streets to protest the
detention of a prominent teenage
activist and her mother 16 year old
ahead Tamimi was detained in December in
an overnight raid at her home shortly
after a video showing her slapping hit
two Israeli soldiers
while I had faces up to ten years in
prison the Israeli Army's use of
excessive force and harsh treatment of
children continues to be documented
while these young Palestinians are
lauded as heroes there's a struggle that
began before they were born and shows no
sign of abetting
Rahul Radhakrishnan TRG world
[Music]