[Music]
the conflict between israelis and
palestinians simmers close to the
surface
ready to erupt into violence with the
smallest provocation
there has been relative calm since
february when clashes followed the
announcement of trump's middle east plan
but netanyahu's annexation plans are
likely to change that around 3 million
palestinians live in the occupy west
bank
as palestinians we need to move and try
to stop them
i do not care
i have been injured once it's no problem
to be injured a second time
if i die god will take care of my
children
the land is palestinian it is not the
land of somebody else so can it be
annexed to them
the plans have been condemned by the
international community too and many
israelis the former israeli defense
forces major general matan villani is
leading a movement
along with other retired idf officers
and most of the agents to stand against
the controversial move he warns
annexation will bring new security
challenges with the collapse of the
palestinian authority in the west bank
which means no coordination fighting the
hamas and the jihad
secondly it's a kingdom of jordan our
longest border is with the kingdom of
jordan if will be no prisoner with them
it will be very problematic first of all
for them and then for us and thirdly is
the hamas
launching rockets from gaza these are
the main issues security issues dealing
with relaxation
the israel gaza border has been quiet
for months but that's unlikely to last
today we stand in front of you to
announce the launch and continuation of
our national activities in the face of
the zionist annexation plan which the
zionist anime intends to start as a part
of the so-called deal of the century
backed by the us and its allies in a
series of aggression against our people
meanwhile according to local media the
israeli army is preparing for the worst
taking lessons from previous periods of
increased violence netanyahu has
promised that july 1st will be the date
of annexation but there are still
uncertainties surrounding the plans
israeli media says the defense
establishment hasn't received any
reliable information or a timeline of
annexation from the political leadership
what is clear is that an eruption of
violence is almost inevitable if it goes
ahead musa fatiha of seattle world
occupied east jerusalem
[Music]
you