a long and terrifying night for Gaz and
civilians as Israel Reigns missiles on
their homes destroying residential
buildings and bombarding the rafah
border crossing sabrin abua lost three
children in the air
strikes I was at home and suddenly we
heard a sound and everything fell over
our heads Hamas has continued to fire
Rockets from Gaza and Israeli forces are
battling Palestinian fighters who remain
HED up in several Israeli Towns over 700
Israelis have been killed and more than
2,300 wounded according to the Israeli
Health
Ministry it is uh by far the the the
worst day in Israeli history never
before have so many Israelis been killed
by one single thing let alone enemy
activity on one day and if you're
Americans and want to compare this to
Something in in American history and
this could be a 911 and a Pearl Harbor
wrapped into one the surprise attack
from air and land came while hundreds of
people were attending a music festival
in Israel near the Gaza border 260
Festival goers were killed and an
unknown number kidnapped Israel's Army
has not released a specific number but
Hamas officials say dozens of Israelis
are being held captive in undisclosed
locations across the densely populated
Gaza Strip and the families of the
kidnapped are calling on the Israeli
government to help find their children
10:00 she called us and said Mommy we
were B they shot at us the car was shot
we cannot drive everybody hears is hurt
there were four kids in the kids there
were 23 25 30 everybody was shot they
were bleeding and she was talking to me
and say Mommy help us we don't know what
to do and I'm on the phone with her and
I'm saying go me we love you it's okay
we are trying to find a a way to take
you out of there we are selling people
and I know I'm lying because I don't
have answers and we didn't have any
answer nobody
had Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has promised to destroy
hamas's ability to govern and take
revenge calling on the people of Gaza to
leave but where the blockaded
territories 2 million residents are
expected to go remains unknown Sena
silon C world