Israel says a ground invasion is coming
to Rafa in the meantime air strikes on
the crowded City
continue where should we go we have
nowhere says this man who has already
fled his home in can Yunis Israel and
Egypt say gazans will not be allowed to
flee into Egypt but authorities there
are building new walls that appear to be
enclosing a large parcel of land or
buffer Zone on the Egyptian side of the
Border recent satellite images suggest
much of that land is being cleared for
something in Gaza fear is accompanied by
desperation this footage taken Friday
shows police firing at crowds that try
to get food from an aid truck and the
World Health Organization says what was
once gaza's second largest hospital is
no longer functional following an
Israeli raid on the complex on Thursday
the Israeli military said it believed
hostages taken by Hamas had been held
there the who says its staff have not
been allowed into the nassa hospital
since then where 200 patients are still
being treated Hamas authorities say
there is no power or water on
site Brazil's president compared what is
happening in Gaza to quote when Hitler
decided to kill the Jews Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu later hit
back with a scathing response president
Silva has disgraced the memory of 6
million Jews murdered by the Nazis and
he's demonized a Jewish State like the
most virent anti-semite he should be
ashamed of himself on Sunday Netanyahu
also rebuffed growing calls for an
accelerated two-state solution telling
his cabinet such a move would only
reward Hamas for its October 7th attack
on Israel on Tuesday the United Nations
Security Council is likely to vote on
another resolution demanding ing an
immediate ceasefire the United States
has already suggested it will again
exercise its veto and vote no need to
Redmond Shannon in London tonight thanks
Redmond