[Music]
want some
l
the forces continue to dismantle the
front defense lines of Hamas in the
northern Gaza and to take control of
central areas we continue to intensify
our operation and to advance according
to plan and to the targets that we've
set the battle is ongoing as we've
planned in each battle we have the upper
hand and that's how we move
forward so far 242 families of 242
hostages have been notified I repeat 242
hostages we are committed to the
National task to return them all
home
foree
I one
f
we consider the American Administration
and all those who remain silent about
this entity's aggression against our
people are Partners in all the Bloodshed
they are Partners in 961 martys
including 3,700 children and more than
2,300 women they are Partners in
22,300 wounded so far they are Partners
in missing people whose number has
reached 2,000 so far most of whom are
children more than 1100 children are
missing no one can change the political
map in Gaza Strip because I I think that
we are looking for the freedom of our
people and Independence of our people
and I think that United States is
working on this issue in order to give
more protection and more shelter and
more security for the occupation they
does not take care about the Palestinian
interest they does not take care about
the national rights of the Palestinian
people and they are partner in the
crimes in practicing crimes against our
people and I think that they will fail
to impose any Solution on the
Palestinian people thank you very
much
so far we have not allowed fuel into the
Gaza Strip we are checking the situation
in the Gaza Strip every day note that
for more than a week now they have been
telling us that tomorrow the fuel and
hospitals will run out so far it has not
run out we will watch for when that day
arrives fuel will be transferred with
monitoring to the hospitals we will do
everything needed to ensure that it will
not reach Hamas infrastructure
structures that it will not end up
serving War aims but the real needs of
treating the
sick