[Music]
w
[Music]
sh
[Music]
here
with regard to the flooding of the
tunnels uh I'm not little well there is
assertions being made that there's quite
sure there no no hostages in any of
these tunnels uh but I don't know that
for a fact I do know that though every
civilian death is an absolute tragedy
and Israel stated its intent as I said
to uh to match its uh its words with its
intent with work with actions that's why
uh that's why I was that's what I was
talking about
[Music]
today
[Music]
our special forces located the bodies of
the hostage inside an underground
infrastructure in a densely populated
area in Gaza Hamas is holding our people
hostage in brutal conditions while
hiding among and under the people of
Gaza among and under the people of Gaza
this makes our hostage rescue operation
in Gaza complex but it will not deter us
from our mission our duty to rescue our
hostages from
[Music]
Hamas IDF Special Forces recovered the
bodies of two Israelis hostages during a
complex hostage rescue operation in Gaza
27y old Eden Zakaria who was taken
hostage by Hamas from the Nova music
festival and 36 year-old Command
Sergeant Major ziv D who was taken
hostage while on active duty sadly we
did not reach them in
time
[Music]
lead
panine is safe in Egypt she's crossed
the border I talk with her mother and
father they're very appreciative and uh
things are moving well she'll soon be
home with her three children that's all
I have just safey right
[Music]
now any any ceasefire right now would be
temporary at the best and dangerous at
worst dangerous to Israelis who would be
subject to Relentless attacks and also
dangerous to Palestinians who deserve
the chance to build a better future for
themselves free from
[Music]
Hamas
a ceasefire is a death sentence for
countless more Israelis and gazin by
voting in favor of this resolution you
are supporting the survival of jihadist
Terror and the continued suffering of
people of Gaza the exploitation of the
Palestinians has made the UN a moral
stain on Humanity why are you continuing
to allow them to make the United Nations
irrelevant
[Music]