Israel's military pounded the
Palestinian Enclave of Gaza on Sunday
and killed hundreds of people a day
after a surprised attack by Hamas
militants left some 700 Israelis dead
the worst attack on Israeli soil in
decades nearly 18,000 Indian citizens
are reportedly stuck in Israel and Major
World Airlines cancel dozens of flights
to Tel Aviv this weekend an Indian woman
working as a caregiver in the Israeli
city of Ashkelon was hurt in a rocket
attack by Hamas Indian Union Minister
minakshi Lei stated the prime minister's
office is monitoring the
situation asked about the efforts to
bring Indians back she said and I quote
we are on the
job prime minister's office is directly
supervising the situation and we are on
the job even in the past many students
uh including people from Andra Pradesh
were stuck uh across so whether it was
Operation ganga or vand Bharat we
brought everyone back and I'm sure
government of India and prime minister
office is directly in touch with those
people and is uh working um uh and
monitoring the
situation the Indian Embassy at Tel Aviv
and the representative office of India
and Palestine on Saturday issued
advisories asking Indian Nationals to
remain Vigilant and directly contact the
office in case of an
emergency now as mentioned earlier major
airlines cancelled dozens of flights to
T Aviv this weekend after the
Palestinian militant group Hamas
launched a surprise attack Air India has
reportedly suspended the flights
operating to and from Tel Aviv the
economic Hub of Israel till at least
October
14th American Airlines Air France Lanza
Emirates and rire are among those
pulling flights to T aviv's benorian
Airport are the other airlines
suspending flights include Swiss
Austrian Airlines whiz air and Air
[Music]
Canada