this was the scene in the occupied West
Bank on Sunday where two Palestinians
tried to shoot and stab Israeli soldiers
according to the Israeli military it
added that its soldiers responded with
live fire a reuter's cameraman saw a
body at the scene of the incident a
junction near the Palestinian city of
heon the official Palestinian news
agency
WFA quoting local sources said that
Israeli forces shot the two men and
ambulance Crews were prevented from
reaching them Palestinian Security
Forces told WFA that the two men aged 18
and 19 died and that they were still
unable to collect their
bodies violence in the West Bank already
on the rise before the Israel Hamas war
in Gaza has escalated with frequent Army
raids on militant groups Rampages by
Jewish settlers in Palestinian Villages
and Palestinian Street
attacks on Sunday mners fire in the air
at a funeral for Palestinians killed by
Israeli forces in a raid the day before
Palestinian Health authorities said at
least 14 Palestinians were killed in the
no Shams area near the flasho city of
tulam the Israeli Army released a video
set to show its operations which began
in the early hours of Friday Reuters was
not able to independently confirm the
date or location of the footage
separately on Saturday an ambulance
driver was killed as he went to pick up
wounded from a separate attack by
violent Jewish settlers Palestinian
authorities said Israel's military did
not immediately comment on the ambulance
driver's death on Saturday the war in
Gaza has overshadowed continuing
violence in the West Bank thousands of
Palestinians have been arrested and
hundreds killed during regular
operations in the West Bank by Israeli
Army and police since the start of the
Gaza War on October 7th those killed
were mostly members of armed groups but
also stone-throwing youths and
uninvolved
civilians from impeachments to
inaugurations if it's a political story
we are on the scene the race for the
White House is heating up we're beating
Biden how dare he say that if it's
breaking news we're live with the latest
coverage from the White House the state
department and Capitol Hill we know the
issues but above all we know the players
to bring you the latest in-depth
analysis on all the key stories that
we're covering I'm Eric ham join me from
Washington here on first post
America e