beneath ilov Hospital staff are busy at
work beds medical equipment oxygen
supplies everything must be ready for
patients at any moment 700 of the 1,600
beds could be transferred to this
secured area where all the Departments
are grouped together on three
levels the underground hospital is
normally used as a car park you can see
in Gray the spaces where are usually
parked and you can also see a different
color we have numbers that actually
correspond to the bed
number because in Wartime this space
ceases to be a car park and becomes a
hospital since the start of the war Tel
Aviv has been the target of daily rocket
attacks from
Hamas in the event of an alarm we have a
minute and a half to get to a protected
area and a minute and a half is a
luxury because on the immediate edge of
Gaza it's 30 seconds it's 30 seconds to
get to
safety but some patients have already
been moved
underground I'm working in dialysis and
the when there's a lamb the patients we
can disconnect them and they can run to
a safe place so now here they feel very
safe because it's in a safe place we
don't need to run somewhere and they
feel very safe here 50 of those who were
in injured in the October the 7th
attacks are still being treated here
help is pouring in to support the
patients and their
families people that their homes
destroyed and people that are you know
injured in the fights against the enemy
and they make them feel like home and
you know give them whatever they need
and every little joy that we can do for
them you know to make them happy you
know it's a
blessing
other volunteers come here to sing to
play music to help patients forget for a
few minutes the horrors they've lived
[Music]
through