Hamas said on Tuesday it had received
and was studying a new proposal for a
ceasefire and the release of hostages in
Gaza mediators provided the proposal to
Hamas after talks with Israel in what
appeared to be the most serious peace
Initiative for months a senior Hamas
official told Reuters The Proposal
involved a three-stage truce during
which the group would first release
remaining civilians among hostages had
captured on October 7th then soldiers
and finally the bodies of hostages that
were killed the ceasefire proposal
follows talks in Paris involving
intelligence Chiefs from Israel the
United States and Egypt with the prime
minister of Qatar in a mark of the
seriousness of the negotiations Hamas
Chief Ismail hanay said he was going to
Cairo to discuss it his first public
trip there for more than a month but
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu repeated his vow not to pull
tro troops out of Gaza until total
Victory I hear sayings about all kinds
of deals so I want to clarify we will
not end this war short of achieving all
of its objectives that means eliminating
Hamas returning all of our hostages and
ensuring that Gaza will no longer pose a
threat to Israel Hamas whose Fighters
precipitated the war by storming into
Israeli towns on October 7th killing
1200 people and capturing 250 3 hostages
says it will release its remaining
captives only as part of a wider deal to
end the war permanently Israel has
killed more than 26,000 Palestinians so
far in the war and more than 2 million
people in The Enclave have been
displaced the fighting in Gaza has led
to escalation elsewhere across the
Middle East including attacks on US
forces by armed groups Allied to Iran
yes US President Joe Biden said on
Tuesday he had made made up his mind on
how to respond to a drone attack that
killed us service members in Jordan
without elaborating but he echoed
comments from other us officials who
said the United States does not want a
war with Iran I don't think we need a
wider war in the Middle East that's not
what I'm looking
for