Hamas released a video of the three
Israeli hostages on Sunday Noah aramani
Yosi sharabi and itai SPI followed Now
by another video reportedly showing the
bodies of the two
men aramani who was filmed as she was
taken hostage from a music festival in
Israel on October 7th appears under Jess
in the video saying the men were killed
by Israeli air strikes
Israel denies it and CBC News can't
verify when or where the video was taken
in Tel Aviv last fall we met Yosi shab's
brother Chiron his other brother Eli
also taken hostage their images kept
close my family is broken shattered now
we are very worri That Was
Then Israeli officials believe there are
still more than 100 hostages in Gaza
some of their families are angry with
the Israeli government for not pushing
harder for
negotiations but Israel's defense
minister yoav Galant says the military
can't let up
now if we stop the military pressure he
says we will seal their fate to stay in
Gaza because Hamas will not be motivated
to talk to us
inside Gaza these images were released
on social media Sunday showing desperate
Palestinians the world food program
warning of hunger at crisis levels
everyone in Gaza is hungry there are
people starving in areas and we are not
able to give basic food
for YF Abu ishak says his family fled
their house when it was bombed we need
food bread and blankets he says it's
winter you Secretary General Antonio
gues has repeated his calls for an
immediate ceasefire nothing can justify
the collective punishment of the
Palestinian
people the humanitarian situation in
Gaza is beyond words nowhere and no one
is
safe gaza's Hamas run Health Ministry
says the number of Palestinians killed
since the War Began has now surpassed
24,000 Margaret Evans CBC News London