as the clock ticks down on a pause and
the war between Hamas and Israel more
than 100 families wait for word hoping
praying that the people they love will
be on the list of hostages still to be
released Canada's Ally Weinstein is one
of those waiting and she joins me here
in the studio right now Ally I I know
that you have been waiting for word on
your Aunt Judy's whereabouts so far
nothing where do you think she
is that's a very good question um
I do think she's in Gaza right now we
believe that she's a hostage um since
October 7th her and her husband Gotti
have not been found the question is what
condition that she's in whether she's
alive or dead we actually don't know
we've been waiting and waiting for any
information about her um which we
haven't received and the hostages that
have been coming out over the past six 7
Days um unfortunately none of them have
been able to report to us that they've
seen her so the last thing was a phone
call in which she said we need help
we've been shot we we injured that's
correct yeah yeah so as each day goes by
and you see a list of hostages and your
aunt's name isn't on that list how do
you hold on to
hope I mean it's been very difficult to
be totally honest um but we just we want
to see her back so badly we love her so
much we're um so shocked still and so
this whole thing just feels so
incredibly surreal still two months
later and we just want to be able to
welcome her home and hug her um with
each day that her name has not been on
the list of hostages that are coming
home it is like a horrible it's like
getting the news again that she's
missing um and it does become harder to
hold on to hope to be honest with you uh
at this point we just want any
information about her because we have
fears that we just don't even know
honestly if she is held by Hamas right
now um we've been hearing that there may
be other armed groups that have
hostages and um we just really really
want information and want want her home
allly I can't imagine what it's like for
you but I know Canadians listening to
the to this conversation have their
fingers crossed that your aunt's okay
thank you yes thank you for coming in
and talking to us today thank you for
having me