[Music]
I will I I'm I'm in solidarity with my
brothers and sisters of Palestina I'm a
Native American like Mandela said if
it's no freedom for Palestinian there is
no freedom for anyone stop funding
Israel our cultural understanding of
marginalization just brings us together
we're going to have solid solidarity
forever um from The River To The Sea
Palestine M you free that is from Cuba
and Puerto Rico my mother's from Ireland
and all three of those countries have
always supported Palestine they're very
big supporters of Palestine they fight
for justice and I must fight for justice
as well I'm I'm Jewish for Jews to come
here and support we have to resist
Zionism free Palestine ceas fire now
originally my my parents from Indonesia
we support the Palestine until the until
we until the end and the pistan have
their own country again they are threat
to us and telling all the people around
in that time that we are savages and now
they they complaining like all Muslim
people are terrorists and the the real
terrorist in the White House you're done
Joe you're done you didn't listen all
Americans do not support imperialism did
not support settler States and the
occupation returned the stolen homes and
the stolen land I wish it would end
yesterday I wish it would end a month
ago I wish it would end 10 years ago 20
years ago everybody as human being
should be you know protesting what is
Israel did it or doing right now so we
support support the paltin not just
because of the country or the the
religion but it's for the humanitarian
it is it's heartbreaking to see people
who or my age be attacked and tortured
by Israeli soldiers and the occupation
until until death we can never give up
we must always go Palestine
Victor