thank you yeah Preston Mulligan from CBC
News and Nova stor my question is about
uh investigating the killings in Israel
you've been satisfied with the Israeli
government is going to go ahead and
investigate killings this time around
seven Aid workers dead will you be
satisfied with the announcement from
prime minister there that will
investigate those what do you need him
to do first of all uh it is absolutely
unacceptable uh that Aid workers uh were
killed by the Israeli Defense Force this
is something that never should have
happened uh and uh we we are uh
heartbroken for the families and for the
organization that has been uh putting
people in in In Harm's Way to counter
the extraordinarily devastating
humanitarian crisis going on uh in Gaza
right now uh we obviously need full
accountability and investigation in this
uh there needs to be Clarity on uh how
this happened and we need to make sure
that we are pushing continually towards
the ceasefire so so more Aid workers uh
are not uh in danger as they try to
respond to the suffering on the ground
in Gaza uh this organization uh uh World
Central Kitchen is uh one that many of
us know well I was in a NATO meeting in
Madrid a couple of years ago uh where I
met uh Jose Andres who founded the world
uh World kitchen uh and the work they do
all around the world in some some of the
most dangerous and challenging places uh
to make sure that people don't go hungry
uh is inspiring and it's work that we
need more of that's why we need a
ceasefire that's why we need to increase
the humanitarian Aid going in to Gaza we
will continue uh to be pushing on the
Israeli government uh to allow more Aid
in uh and to push for a ceasefire