President Joe Biden has departed
Washington on Tuesday evening for Tel
Aviv where he plans to show support for
Israel and had also hoped to Tamp down
tensions and prevent the war from
spreading but the US president has
called off his visit to
[Music]
Jordan
[Music]
and we have a breaking news coming in
from Gaza where a massive Blast has hit
a Gaza City Hospital packed with wounded
and other Palestinians seeking shelter
killing at least 500 people Hamas has
blamed an Israeli air strike while the
Israeli Minister military has said that
the hospital was hit by a rocket fired
by Palestinian terrorist group Allied to
the
[Music]
Hamas already the war has entered its
12th day
and us has also condemned the killing of
civilians in this war which has been
going on indefinitely now as it enters
it its 12th
day US President Joe Biden has also said
that killing of civilians and especially
the ones who were seeking treatment in
the hospital is deeply
hurting and humanitarian crisis should
not take place as already some somewhat
around
1,400 Israelis have lost their lives
while over, 1600 Palestinians have lost
their lives in this 12-day long war
between Israel and Hamas so
far so I've seen the reports of the the
strike that you're referring to or the
um the hospital that was hit um I'm
aware of the reports but I don't have
anything to offer further at this time
um the secretary as I mentioned has been
in regular contact with Minister Gant um
emphasizing again the that in this
conflict that uh the law of war is being
upheld and um that's not only something
that's been consistently delivered in in
private but also publicly um so I just
leave it at that I just don't have more
for you on those reports
so I
just I want to give you an announcement
of the event that occurred in the
hospital in Gaza I can confirm that an
analysis of the IDF operational systems
indicates that a barriage of rockets was
fired by terrorists in Gaza passing in
close proximity to the alali AL madii
Hospital in Gaza at the time it was hit
intelligence from few sources that we
have in our hands indicates that the
Islamic Jihad is responsible for the
failed rocket launch which hit the
hospital in Gaza I repeat this is the
responsibility of Islamic Jihad that
killed Innocents in the hospital in Gaza