in order to support the Palestinian
people and the kind of situation which
is emerged there today at the LNO Ida
the prayers are underway where there is
a prayer for the peace and the stability
of the Palestine you can see in the
visuals how this uh prayer is being done
here at the LNO idga by Malana fangi M
and all the followers here they are
saying that whatever is happened in
Palestine they stand with sovereignity
with them and at the same time has also
appeal the government and the people to
think about it it has been said that
from Mahatma Gandhi to all the other
governments have always supported
Palestine but this time the situation
looks different with how the incumbent
government looks standing aside with
Israel but today a lot of prayers are
happening because of the Friday prayers
where a lot of support is becoming
evident in favor of the Palestine where
such pictures are emerging in favor of
Palestine how uh you know this whole
situation has also become a thing of uh
sentiment for the people and at the same
time it has also been said that uh to
standing along with Palestinians is what
uh this uh Community is looking at and
in lakau and several other districts of
utar Pradesh such prayers are happening
where there is an appeal for peace there
is an appeal to stand with the Anan
people and the situation which is
getting worse day by day where most of
these people were killed even the women
and children were targeted and stating
that this is time to stand with
sovereignity with the Palestine and that
is what happening here in LNO Ida and
several other places as well where this
uh prayers are being done for the peace
in support of the Palestine in support
of these people and standing by SED
although politically it has a major and
different meaning but today the pictures
emerged from several parts of utar
Pradesh where these people are standing
along with the Palestine and demanding
for peace and with c s for IND
today