with six month into the conflict between
Israel and Hamas talks in Cairo seeking
a truce in Gaza have reportedly made
significant progress this came a day
after Israel with through its forces in
southern Gaza Kim Jong has
more the truce talks on Gaza are making
progress in Cairo and all parties have
agreed on basic points rers reported on
Monday quoting EGP ipan State News
Outlet alaha the talks in Egypt are
aimed at Landing a true seal between
Israel and Hamas 6 months into their
conflict according to Al kahara the
delegation from Hamas the islamist
movement that controls Gaza and Qatari
officials acting as mediators will
return to Cairo within two days to agree
on the terms of a final agreement both
Israel and Hamas are negotiating a truce
deal with additional mediation efforts
from the US and EGP egpt on Sunday local
time an Israeli military spokesperson
announced that the Israeli Defense
Forces had withdrawn most of its
soldiers from Southern Gaza the details
or reasons for the troop reduction were
not announced but defense minister yuav
Gallant that the troops will be
preparing for their quote follow-up
missions with few details known behind
Israel's recent decisions experts said
the withdrawal of troops could be taking
place as the country may be under
increased pressure from the US and
especially
Iran Israel attacked the Iranian
Consulate in Syria and Iran vow to
retaliate Iran reportedly put pressure
on the United States to get Israel to
come to a ceasefire agreement and to
Halt the ground war in Rafa saying it
would not attack Israel if these things
happen I think Israel's moves are in
response to
this earlier this month Israel attacked
the Iranian Embassy in Syria killing
some of the highest ranking military
officials in Iran's Armed Forces Kim
Jang news