[Applause]
sounds of Jubilation fill the streets of
occupied East Jerusalem in the early
hours of Sunday 39 Palestinians who were
held prisoners by Israel in the occupied
West Bank finally returning
home our situation in prison was very
difficult as life in prison was
completely unbearable they took all the
tools from us and made us very difficult
they did not allow us to go out to
breathe God willing all the prisoners
will be released especially those
condemned to life sentences and all the
others still inside Hamas released 17 of
its hostages on Saturday the second day
of the 4-day troops four of those were
Tha Nationals the group says it agreed
to release the Tha Nationals after a
diplomatic Push by Turkish president Reb
T ardogan Israel's military confirmed
all of the captives had arrived in
Israel it is a closure for me because
unfortunately
I I'm the one who told her father that
she has murdered been murdered been
found
murder and uh a week later I'm the one
who told his the father that she
probably uh a
capture so uh it's a kind of a relief
for me that she's still alive she's here
at least 50 hostages will be released by
Hamas and 150 Palestinians will be
released by Israel by the end of Monday
when the truce expires Israel says the
pause could be extended by one day for
every additional 10 hostages released
from Gaza the chances of that happening
though are rapidly
dwindling amass delayed the release of
Saturday's hostages by hours after
accusing Israel of violating the terms
of the agreement Al troops respond
releasing the
second 13 captivates in order to hear
the response from the mediators and the
achievement of the Fulfillment of this
agreement they said air 65 out of
3448 trucks that entered Gaza had
managed to reach the severely affected
North Which is less than half of what
was
agreed after 6 hours of Crisis talk with
Qatar in Egypt the truth
resumed but it shows that the temporary
relief is shaky at best ilas aju trt
world