a multi-dimensional poverty awaits the
populations of both Gaza and the West
Bank that was the overarching message of
a new United Nations report released on
Thursday with experts claiming the
Israel Hamas War has generated a shock
to Palestinian economic activity the
whole Palestinian economy has lost
already 4% of
GDP if this Fight Continues till the end
of the second month the loss will be
more than 12 more than 8% of G GDP and
if it continues till the end of the year
we are going to have a 12% loss in
GDP just to bring it to you a comparison
Ukraine lost 30% of GDP in one and a
half years of fighting depending on how
long fighting lasts that could mean a
drop of up to $2.5 billion compared to
pre-war estimates unemployment is also
set to take a massive hit with 180,000
jobs lost in Gaza and a further 200
100,000 wiped out in the West Bank
agricultural lands haven't been spared
either right now even the Harvest of
Olives may not be possible in the West
Bank this is a fundamental part of
having enable Palestinians to not be uh
dependent on humanitarian aid but rather
to earn their living nearly 50% of homes
across Gaza have either been hit or
destroyed leaving Millions displaced
along with the thousands already killed
and the effects don't stop at the border
with Israel the negative spillover of
the war is already reaching neighboring
countries such as Lebanon Jordan Egypt
compounding their socioeconomic and
fiscal challenges the United Nations
estimates two months of fighting in Gaza
could see the Palestinian territories
lose up to 16 years of development
destroying any advances in health
education investment and infrastructure