[Music]
[Music]
get
[Music]
uh
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
134 hostages are still being held in
Hamas captivity in Gaza the Young
hostage is kir bibas a baby stolen from
his crib during the Kamas Massacre of
October 7th when he was only 9 months
old baby kir was brutally kidnapped
together with his 4-year-old brother
Ariel their mother Shiri and their
father yarden the IDF has obtained new
information about the bibas family the
materials I'm sharing have been shown to
the relatives of the bibas family and
are being shared with their
consent during our operation against
Kamas in kanun over the last few weeks
our forces obtained new footage of Shiri
bibas with her children four-year-old
Ariel and 9 months old kir from the day
where they were kidnapped into Gaza on
October 7th according to the footage and
intelligence that we gathered after
Shiri Bas and her two children were
kidnapped from their home on October 7th
Day were taken to Eastern kanun to The
Outpost belonging to the katab mujin
teror group the footage shows the
terrorist wrapping Shiri and their
babies in a sheet trying to hide them
you can see little Ariel's Ginger hair
poking through the white cloth they were
forced into a car and taken somewhere
else from the information available to
us we are concerned for the well-being
of Shiri Ariel and kir seeing this young
mother clutching her babies surrounded
by a group of armed terrorists is
horrifying and
heart-wrenching but it is also a call
for
Action that we must bring the hostages
home
fast those who have the audacity to
question our need to approach to operate
in Gaza but don't have the decency the
basic decency and Humanity to demand
that Hamas release our hostages first of
all they all should take a good look at
this terrified mother Shiri clutching
her
babies until Hamas releases our hostages
we will leave no stone unturned until
our hostages are
home