and earlier in the day today won's
correspondent Jodi Kohan had a narrow
Escape as Hamas Rockets rained down on
an area in ranana where she was present
Jodi had to run for cover as Sirens bled
and she sent us this clip of the
horrifying moment thankfully Jordi has
confirmed that she is
safe I just finished my life and now I'm
having to run to take shelter
[Music]
there's a rocket coming from Gaza to
where I
am I'm going to try and go to the
community
[Music]
shelter I don't even know where the
shelter
is okay I'm in the building but I don't
know where the shelter is
shelter what
okay
[Music]
I'm in the in the
shelter there's other people
here so where we are in ranana we have a
minute and a half to get to the shelter
people down south in the Border
communities they have sometimes as
little as three or 4 seconds so they
literally sleep in shelters in their
stairwells wherever they can to get as
close as possible to shelter as quickly
as
possible and we earlier spoke to nadav
Stein man who is a resident of Jerusalem
just to get a sense of what the
situation is like on the ground right
now when we hear a siren the siren
appears actually on our street which
means our area our particular
neighborhood is affected so what we hear
is um the siren followed by a loud
series of booms which is the Iron Dome
uh getting rid of the missiles or other
projectiles that are being um launched
towards us so that is the experience of
almost all people in this country um
there are have been times when missiles
have landed that one has landed and has
injured several people some critically
in the past hour um there is a much
heavier barrage in the south of the
country that adjoins the gas strip we
are now available in your country
download the app now get all the updates
on the move