and as Israel continues its campaign of
aerial bombings and ground operations to
flush out Hamas operatives in Gaza the
inhabitants of the strip caught in the
crossfire face a dire situation with
fuel reserves already dwindling now
portable drinking water is also on the
cusp of running out Palestinians worst
hit by the Israeli Onslaught such as in
Rafa are reported to be waiting hours if
not entire days lining up at water hoses
to fill up their
canisters the water insufficient and
barely fit for consumption having to
suffice for multiple
families residents report facing a death
of even clean drinking water with often
a single house having to Bear The Thirst
of the estimated 30,000 gin which are
spread across east and west of
Rafa
shooting down hopes of a ceasefire
Israeli Prime Minister nathany has now
stated that the Israeli forces are
mulling tactical little pauses to let
the hostages leave and also Aid enter
Gaza well there will be no uh ceasefire
General ceasefire in Gaza without the
release of our hostages as far as
tactical little pauses an hour here an
hour there we've had them before I
suppose uh we'll check the circumstances
in order to enable uh Goods humanitarian
Goods to come in or our hostages uh
individual hostages to
leave
however the organizations such as the
World Health Organization have now
warned that not only water but fuel
reserves in Gaza are also being
subjected to a Breaking Point adding
that none of the
569 Aid trucks that have reached the
Enclave were carrying any fuel this a
week after un a chief Martin Griffith
claimed the reported progress on
negotiations with the Israeli side in a
bit to send in fuel Reserves with the
next batch of
eight of the of the trucks that that
have gone in um as you know and as as as
Christian uh talked about the latest
update as of yesterday is a total of
exactly
569 and that is since the 21st of
October when the when the border
crossing uh was open but none of them uh
has contained uh fuel which is still uh
banned by the Israeli
authorities meanwhile Nathan yahu
confirmed that the IDF had encircled
Gaza City with ground operations deep
inside the territory the Israeli Prime
Minister maintains that Gaza will be
cleansed of Hamas while warning hisbah
to stay out of the
war
for