while the misery in Gaza was unrelenting
on Monday dozens of Palestinians carried
their lives on their backs searching for
more food the growing Rift between Tel
Aviv and Washington was laid bare Again
by prime minister Benjamin netanyahu's
decision to yank a planned visit to
Washington by his top advisers it was a
bit surprising and unfortunate the White
House was hoping to use that visit to
convince Israel to change course on its
planned assault on on Rafa in gaza's
South Netanyahu was angry that the US
abstained from Monday's UN resolution
calling for a ceasefire in Gaza
Netanyahu wanted the US to reject it and
said the US had changed its position but
the White House says Netanyahu was well
aware of the resolution and the US's
position on it long before the vote that
the US did not change its position and
that Netanyahu was needlessly creating a
division as you and I are speaking we
are still providing tools and
capabilities weapon systems so that
Israel can defend itself against which
we we agree is still a viable threat uh
to Hamas even with the passage of the UN
resolution Hamas has not released any
hostages and Israel has not stopped its
assault leading to pessimism in
Gaza we don't want a ceasefire to be
temporary unless it is complete constant
and permanent anything less than that is
not necessary tomorrow we will return to
meil destruction and killing on Monday
Israeli defense minister yoab Galant met
with top Biden Administration officials
who told him that alternatives to a Rafa
ground Invasion would not only save
lives but ensure Israel's security but
Galant took a Hardline position as he
arrived we have no moral right to stop
the war while there are still hostages
held in Gaza the lack of a decisive
victory in Gaza may bring us closer to
war in the North the White House says it
does not have an indication that Israel
will begin its Raa assault in the coming
days and for the moment All Eyes turned
to the negotiations in Doha for what
might be the last best hope of a
ceasefire Andy Rosen trt world