the violence does continue I think
that's right both sides that is Hamas
and the Israeli Defense Forces report
that these 48 hours now has seen the
most intensive fighting of the whole
period uh and that might be because
we're seeing this fighting continuing on
three fronts we've been reporting about
hunus but the fighting in the north of
the Gaza Strip in those areas that were
Hamas strongholds in jabalia and in SAA
that continues too and Israeli troops
produce um pictures claiming that they
found more tunnels tunnels coming up in
schools tunnels coming up in children's
playgrounds and then coming back out you
know leaving leaving the militants away
in and Away out uh for their to be able
to fire from there so we're seeing that
we're seeing uh both sides claiming and
in fact I'm just thinking about Hamas
now claiming the military Wing saying
that their snipers are working harder
that they're fighting more intensely too
I think from from the the figures that
we are seeing it's actually their
anti-tank missiles that are causing the
most damage but they are causing damage
because we are seeing since the
ceasefire collapsed uh Friday last so
six days ago now three to four Israeli
soldiers have died every day uh in this
three front battle uh there is also a
psychological Dimension if you like
Israel today publishing um what it
claimed are receipts from the son of the
overall leader of Hamas isma Hanah isma
Hanah lives outside of the Gaza Strip
he's part of the external leadership and
his son purchased so so Israel uh
alleges is provided receipts but you
know we can't I can't corroborate them
uh but it alleges that he's been
spending thousands and thousands of
dollars on jewelry um you know just one
of those $5,000 receipts being almost
two years worth of an ordinary sell in
Gaza so the fighting continues on many
fronts some some of it psychological