well on Monday Turkish president ripip
uan Rish uan urged against the init
attacks on civilians in its war with
Hamas militants in Gaza but T uan also
delivered measured criticism of Hamas
and urged both sides to respect the
ethics of War a day later on Tuesday
erdoan criticized the US for moving a
carrier strike group closer to Israel
saying that it would commit serious
massacres in Gaza and let's say the
United States and one of its longtime
NATO allies turkey are staring at a
complete breakdown in their relationship
and it's unclear if it will ever recover
following a surprise attack by Hamas
militants on Israel on Saturday the US
defense secretary Lloyd Austin said
Washington will be moving a carrier
strike Group which includes a us Gerald
OD Ford uh closer to Israel hitting out
uan asked what will the aircraft carrier
of the US do near Israel while why do
they come what will boats around and
aircrafts on it do he said and I quote
they will hit Gaza and around and take
steps for serious massacres there erogan
has previously said that turkey was
ready to mediate between Israel and
Palestine to ensure peace he has uh
fervently backed the Palestinian cause
and supported a two-state solution for
the Israel Palestinian conflict just
days ago a US F-16 war planes uh also
flew over Syria and shot down a Turkish
drone stating the two countries are NATO
Partners or thean claimed us is training
and arming all Terror groups and turning
places into uh War zones Washington and
anara have a long history of
Partnerships including years of fending
off the Soviets together but turkey is
openly defying the US vicious on a
russian-made weapon purchase and car has
also blamed a us- based CL for
orchestrating a CP against his
government turkey even attacked the US
allies in Syria uh thr the anti-isis
campaign at this time into
[Music]
chaos