Israel has launched new strikes on
Targets in southern Lebanon at least two
people were injured when a vehicle was
hit meanwhile hisbah missiles have
wounded a civilian in strike near St
Mary's Church in Northern Israel
Hezbollah and Israel have been trading
fire along the Israeli Lebanese border
since October 7th let's get more on this
from Ali Hashim he's live for us in
nakura in southern Lebanon there have
been multiple strikes on both sides of
the Border today
Ali
well yes there have been several Israeli
air strikes several hasah attacks till
the moment hasah claimed responsibility
for at least eight attacks on Israeli
targets now as we are having reports now
that the Israeli um army is announcing
nine of its soldiers have been wounded
including one had that was severely
injured uh here in Lebanon just to the
South uh to the north from where I'm St
Landing uh there were there were three
Israeli air strikes on Al K Valley that
connects nakura to to Ty also there was
a couple of air strikes uh towards the
depth uh in jip sheet and tuline and
that's around 16 kmet from the border
also several uh strikes and of course
artillery uh artillery bombardment which
we witness on hourly basis uh towards
the uh open open areas in over here in
nakura or towards Hara or also towards
the Eastern and the central sector of uh
South Lebanon so intensified um exchange
of fire but today the toll of uh of
casualties at least as we now he the the
injuries on the Israeli side is high on
the Lebanese side there are two
civilians who were injured slightly
after an Israeli drone attacked their
car in Le Ali thank you very much for
that that's Ali hasham with the latest
live in Luda in southern
Lebanon