now prison authorities in Israel
announced that they released 39
Palestinian detainees this is after
Hamas freed 13 hostages under an
agreement that came into Force the freed
Palestinian prisoners are all women and
people under the age of
19 hundreds of Palestinians celebrated
the return of the freed prisoners in the
early hours in the West Bank released
Palestinian prisoners were carried on
people's shoulders as crowds cheered
clapped and waved Flags in the streets
celebrations in East Jerusalem welcoming
the released Palestinian prisoners were
muted amid heavy Israeli police presence
the most prominent Palestinian released
is 37-year-old isra jais now she was
convicted of detonating a gas cylinder
in her car at a checkpoint in 2015
wounding a police officer she was
sentenced to 11 years in prison armed
Israeli Security Forces stood by her
house as she
returned now after more than a year in
prison after more than a year in
prison the Palestinian K takat had
reunited with his family following his
release by
Israel fore
fore foreign
foreign
foreign
early attentions continued into the
night outside Israel's offer military
Jail at the ban Crossing near ramala in
the West Bank on Saturday was a gunfire
being heard before a wounded person was
taken away by Medics this was after the
Hamas hostage release was delayed
now late on Saturday three people were
wounded by live bullets outside Israel's
offer military prison near ramala in the
West Bank this is according to the
Palestine red crescent Society moments
later Medics were seen carrying what is
believed to be an injured person on a
stretcher in the dark and running off a
red Cresent statement said that the
injured people had been transported to
the
hospital
[Music]
[Music]
we are now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move