[Music]
w
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
the National Security team is focusing
on thex in the Red Sea area um we are
very focused on economic side monit and
I'm sure you've all seen reports about
uh the irani's apparent seizure of a
merchant vessel called the St Nicholas a
Marshall Islands flagged and Greek owned
oil tanker while it was lawfully
navigating Waters in the Gulf of Oman we
condemn this apparent seizure Iranian
government should immediately release
the ship and its crew these provocative
and unacceptable actions need to stop
we'll continue to work with our uh
allies and partners to deter and
confront the full range of Iran's
concerning and destabilizing behavior in
close coordination of course with the
International
Community
we will not hesitate God willing to do
everything we can and we will confront
the American aggression any American
aggression will never remain without a
response and the response will not only
be at the level of the recent operation
that targeted Americans at sea with more
than 24 drones and several missiles the
response will be greater than that and
more than
that
Australia's support of these actions
came in the form of Personnel in the
operational
headquarters these are very important
actions the actions that have being
taken today supported by Australia are
about maintaining freedom of navigation
on the high seas they are about
maintaining global trade and that is
completely Central to Australia's
National
interest also Japan supports the US and
its allies decision to fulfill their
responsibilities in order to secure the
free and safe passage of vessels we
understand that this action is a measure
to prevent the aggravation of the
situation
[Applause]
the