[Music]
traveling today means reading the
reviews before booking a hotel or tour
for your foreign holiday
but are you getting the full picture
from travel sites
amnesty international says online
tourism companies aren't being honest
about israel the human rights group says
airbnb booking.com tripadvisor and
others are profiting from war crimes
from listings in illegal israeli
settlements
around 4 million tourists traveled to
israel last year
45 of them visited the west bank and
east jerusalem about 3 million
palestinians currently live there along
with 600 000 israelis in settlements
illegal under international law
have the experience of a lifetime enjoy
beautiful vistas amnesty says the
tourism websites help israel market the
settlements as legitimate airbnb
booking.com expedia and tripadvisor all
list accommodation near palestinian
villages slated for demolition
they also say israel is building
accommodation near important
archaeological sites to link the modern
state of israel to ancient jewish
history while downplaying the
significance of non-jewish periods at
the same historic sites airbnb announced
it would remove approximately 200 home
rental listings in the occupied waste
bank last november however amnesty's
report found that airbnb's promise
didn't include 100 listings in
settlements in east jerusalem
it also said that as of january airbnb
was still listing the properties it had
pledged to remove the report also found
tripadvisor handles reservations and
charges a commission fee for bookings at
a two-hour shooting experience at
caliber 3 a self-styled
counter-terrorism training centre run by
former members of the israeli army
israel is known to have some of the most
well-trained counter-terror experts in
the world today we're going to develop
our self-defense skills and be put to
the test that's in the illegal
settlement of gush ezion near hebron in
the southern west bank
[Music]
you