a day after dozens of Arab leaders held
an emergency meeting in Saudi Arabia and
strongly condemned the Israeli military
offensive in Gaza White House National
Security advisor Jake Sullivan appeared
on ABC underlying the United States
position on Tel aviv's war against Hamas
we believe in the importance of the laws
of war which means taking every possible
measure to protect civilians at the same
time we will continue to stand by behind
the proposition that Israel has the
right to defend itself against terrorist
attacks Israeli Prime Minister bamin
Netanyahu who was interviewed Sunday on
CNN was asked to comment on US Secretary
of States Anthony blinkin recent remarks
that too many Palestinians have been
killed in Gaza I think any civilian loss
is a tragedy and it should the blame
should be placed squarely on Hamas
because it prevents them from leaving
the war zone sometimes at gun point it
fired on the safe Zone and the safe
Corridor that we enacted separately
Netanyahu addressed the speculation
about a possible deal for the release of
the hostages kidnapped by Hamas on
October 7 his remarks aired on NBC's mid
the press program extraordinary work
that the IDF is doing putting pressure
on the Hamas leadership that's the one
thing that might uh create a deal and if
a deal is available well we'll talk
about it uh when it's there will
announce it if it's achieved the Prime
Minister added that when the war is over
the overall military responsibility of
Gaza will remain in the hands of Israel
but that it's too early to determine who
will govern it as far as the civilian
management of Gaza we need to see uh the
following two things Gaza has to be
demilitarized and Gaza has to be
deradicalized and I think so far we
haven't seen any Palestinian force uh
including the Palestinian Authority that
is able to do it meanwhile on the ground
Palestinian civilians continued fleeing
Northern Gaza as several United Nations
agencies called for an immediate Hal on
attacks against hospitals Veronica Val
cesas vaa News
Washington