all right let's go straight across to
this report that has just been filed by
my colleague gorov
Savant as the 24-hour deadline given to
residents of Gaza Strip draws to a close
these are tanks of the Israeli Army that
are positioned for the assault this is
one of the forward locations of the
Israeli armored column right behind me
you see the Israeli armor you see the
Israeli mechanized forces the infantry
combat Vehicles they're all deployed
here this is one of their important
locations all alone they've been the
tanks have been dropped here the have
been positioned here and now the moment
they get the instruction they will move
forward there are multiple lines of
defenses that have been set in place and
there are multiple lines of offense that
have also been kept in place the Israeli
Army we told is likely to move forward
on mul mle PLS at the same their aim is
to ensure that those Hamas strongholds
that haven't been neutralized just is
yet from the air attacks and the
artillery strikes will be neutralized by
these very powerful marava tanks Mar
three bars and the latest Mar also in
place the ground troops are all set to
launch their offensive some troops very
close to the fence about to move in the
moment the instruction comes the others
on standby it would be wave after wave
of Israeli forces that will go in and we
will come with you to get you the latest
on big story on Israel's fight against
[Music]
Hamas in southern Israel for
India as the 24-hour deadline given to
residents of Gaza Strip draws to a close
these are tanks of the Israeli Army
that are positioned for the assault this
is one of the forward locations of the
Israeli armored column right behind me
you see the Israeli armor you see the
Israeli mechanized forces the infantry
combat Vehicles they're all deployed
here this is one of their important
locations all alone they've been the
tanks have been dropped here the here
and now the moment they get the