in march 2021 the international criminal
court launched an investigation into
alleged israeli war crimes in the
occupied palestinian territories the
court is set to investigate crimes
committed since 2014 during israel's
last major offensive on gaza despite the
recent ceasefire israel continues its
internationally illegal siege of east
jerusalem the west bank and a 14-year
long siege of gaza so let's take a look
at one of the worst crimes committed by
israel during its recurring military
campaigns in gaza
look at this picture it's from israel's
attacks on gaza in 2008-2009
available on the bbc
look at this footage from the same year
do you see the white smoke
white phosphorus gas is used to produce
smoke for concealing troop movements but
it can also be used directly against
civilians the un and human rights watch
had said that israel was using artillery
shells with white phosphorus gas
targeting densely civilian populated
areas
israel itself even admitted to using
white phosphorus but had said quote it
was a small amount and that it would be
quote removed from active duty soon
under international law it is illegal to
use white phosphorus during war the
reason being that its effects can be
devastating if white phosphorus lands on
your skin it can melt through to the
bone in seconds
phosphorus poisoning can also occur from
the release of toxic phosphoric acid
into wounds
a protocol of the 1980 convention on
conventional weapons bans the use of
white phosphorus as an incendiary weapon
against civilian populations or in air
attacks against enemy forces in civilian
areas white phosphorus has been used in
the past during world war one and world
war ii it was also used by the us and
korea vietnam and iraq by russia during
the first and second chechen war and has
been used by the british army in
argentina