the US and Britain Unleashed attacks on
36 Targets in Yemen as the White House
National Security adviser said on Sunday
that further strikes at Iran back groups
in the Middle East were coming the two
countries released video and still
photos of their operations Saturday the
strikes come a day after the US military
hit Tran back groups in Iraq and Syria
in retaliation for a deadly attack on US
troops in Jordan White House National
Security adviser Jake told NBC Sunday
that the US intends to take quote
additional action to continue to send a
clear message that the United States
will respond when our forces are
attacked Saturday strikes in Yemen hit
buried weapon storage facilities missile
systems launchers and other capabilities
the houthis have used to attack Red Sea
shipping the Pentagon said adding a
targeted 13 locations the houthis did
not announce any casualties the attacks
are the latest blow blows in a conflict
that has spread in the Middle East since
October 7th when the iran-backed
Palestinian militant group Hamas stormed
Israel from the Gaza Strip igniting War
tanb groups declaring support for the
Palestinians have entered the fry across
the region including the yemen-based
houthis who in addition to firing on
shipping in the Red Sea have fired at
Israel itself houthi supporters in
Yemen's capital on Sunday organized a
military parade to show solidarity with
Gaza and in protest of the US and
British air strikes Iran has so far
avoided any direct role in the conflict
even as it backs groups like The houthis
the Pentagon has said it does not want
war with Iran and does not believe
Terran wants War either a houthi
spokesperson said that further us and
British aggression will not affect
Yemen's decision to show its support for
Gaza