more than 4 months since Moss terrorists
invaded Israel on October 7th and now
this war is the deadliest conflict
between the Waring sides since Israel's
founding in 1948 President Biden says a
ceasefire deal is imminent however
sources now telling ABC News Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says
that's news to him our foreign
correspondent Tom Sufi Burge has the
latest from Tel Aviv so Tom Israeli
officials are still describing hamas's
demands as delusional when it comes to a
deal so what is Biden talking about when
he says a ceasefire is minut
it ker I think both things are true on
the one hand we are according to sources
away away from a deal at the same time
there are some positive signs I mean
we're getting a lot more detail now
coming out from Hamas as well about this
possible framework which the two sides
are looking at I mean Israel has already
briefed us on the broad details of that
or Israeli officials 6 we ceasefire 40
hostages out potentially hundreds of
Palestinian prisoners uh in return turn
but you know there's some fascinating
details here and we've sort of seen this
already but bit more detail about the
fact that certain hostages will carry a
perceived higher value so therefore the
price which Hamas is exacting or
demanding for those types of prisoners
like female soldiers is higher there are
also less contentious issues we're
learning about I mean look Aid the flow
of Aid getting more Aid into Gaza that's
a crucial Factor also for example the
amount that Israel has surveillance over
the Gaza St strip and probably the
biggest sticking point is what happens
to Israeli troops Israel is prepared to
potentially with redeploy around the
Gaza Strip Hamas wants to ride out of
the Gaza Strip isra Israel isn't willing
to do that so when we say redeploy what
does that actually mean it's a
complicated negotiation it's a very
sensitive time the clock is ticking Tom
Sufi Burge there in Tel Aviv for us Tom
thanks hi everyone Geor Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching