the US has been increasingly critical of
of Israel's actions in Gaza notably that
potential offensive of Rafa but there
are are also reports that the US has
just recently approved a brand new arms
package absolutely there's a report
coming from uh The Washington Post that
was published yesterday where uh the
reporters are citing a pentagon and
state department sources that are
confirming that uh there have been uh
new shipments of arms uh to Israel
including uh
1,800 2,000 lb bombs uh some of them
have already been used in uh Gaza and
500500 lb bombs uh last week there were
also 25 fighter jets along with their
engines that were sent uh to to Israel
now these are part of packages or
military aid to Israel that was approved
years ago it's part of that military aid
that the US sends to Israel every year
we're going to see some of the numbers
there on average it's $3.8 billion a
year and this is approved through 2028
that includes 3.3 billion which are
grants that allow Israel to purchase US
military equipment and uh US military
services as well as $500 million for
missile defense programs that includes
of course the very famous uh iron uh
Dome there's also currently a separate
discussion in Congress over about $4
billion in emergency funding uh for
Israel this is mixed with uh that
emergency funding for Ukraine that we've
been talking about a lot that has been
stuck in uh Congress now uh so far uh
even though as you said the US has been
critical of uh Israeli uh operations Joe
Biden talking about the red line they
have not been willing to touch uh the uh
weapons and I'll finish with uh some
criticism coming out from the Democratic
side the leftwing of the Democrats
Bernie Sanders the US cannot beg
Netanyahu to stop bombing civilians one
day and the next send him thousands uh
more 2,000lb bombs that can level entire
city blocks this is obscene this pretty
much sums up some of the criticism
coming from within uh Joe Biden's own
party as to how he's dealing with his
support to Israel yeah the US not
putting their money where their mouth is
as they say kavan thank you so much for
that that's our International Affairs
editor there kavan gorgani