well viewers it's day 10 of the Israel
Hamas war and netanyahu's forces are
inching closer to the gazen province
tanks artillery guns and other ground
forces are now waiting for the
evacuation of several civilians from the
north North remember they have given
ample amount of time to some of these
innocent Palestinians to move southwards
now the idea of has seized Terror
Arsenal in uh Israel Defense forsters in
fact confiscated a large cash of weapons
and supplies from Hamas terrorist Summit
the attack against Israel the Weaponry
removed from hamas's possession included
Rockets grenades rocket propelled
grenades and ammunition as well the IDF
pointed to labels on the Weaponry that
it says show the materials were produced
by Hamas themselves the seized weapons
account for just 20% of the ones used by
Hamas to kill Israelis remember 1300
plus Israelis have lost their lives in
this conflict especially on day one of
the brutal assault carried out by the
ham Us in Israel according to IDF all
the confiscated weapons were used on the
7th October attack against
Israel all the munias that you can see
in here is about approximately 20% of
our Hamas terrorist brought on their
vehicles you can see different kinds of
shape charges Rockets RPG grenades all
kinds of stuff around here you can see
by the amount of Munitions the medical
equipment and food that they brought
with them that they were prepared for
long term in our Villages you can see by
the symbols on all the equipment that
everything is homemade of Hamas homemade
production now gazin remember have been
trying to flee to Egypt but the gates of
Raa border are closed Rafa border is the
one which is adjacent to the Gaza Strip
but several gazans have confirmed that
it is the Hamas that is not allowing
these evacuations to take place even
though Israel remember has repeatedly
called for the the civilians in the Gaza
Strip evacuate from the area especially
the northern part of the
enclave
oh