US President Joe Biden says Israel has
agreed to Halt military action in the
Gaza Strip over Ramadan the Muslim holy
month that begins on March 10th he made
those remarks on NBC's Late Night with
Seth Meers this came as Arab countries
have voiced fears should the fighting
continue into Ramadan it will further
Stoke Regional tensions and while
momentum on ceasefire negotiations
gathered Pace in Qatar on the show Biden
revealed there was an agreement in
principle for a ceasefire between Israel
and Hamas which could be in place by
this time next week he said such a pause
would give time for remaining hostages
Hamas captured on October 7th to be
released the group took over 250
hostages when it stormed across Southern
Israel on October 7th and killed over
1,200
people Israel's subsequent ground
assault led to nearly 30,000 people
killed according to Gaza Health
authorities in his late night appearance
Monday Biden said Israel risks losing
support from the rest of the world he
added that the Israeli government made a
commitment to him to try to evacuate
large portions of Rafa which has
millions of displaced Palestinians who
fled other Warth ONN parts of Gaza
before Israeli forces move in to Target
what he called the remainder of Hamas
the last deal to suspend fighting came
in November where Hamas released more
than 100 hostages and Israel freed about
three times as many Palestinian
prisoners in recent weeks both Israel
and Hamas have publicly maintained
positions that are far apart for a
potential truce while blaming the other
for delays Israel continues to say it
will not end the war until Hamas is
destroyed while Hamas says it will not
free hostages without an agreement to
end the
war as Biden gears up for a bid at
reelection this November he has seen
support among Young Americans and left
leaning Progressive voters sink as a
result of his staunch support for Israel
and the Sky High death tolls in Gaza
uncommitted vote is a protest vote