another sign of the desperation in Gaza
thousands of people chasing after United
Nations Aid trucks along a beach in Gaza
City and dashing back with bags of
flow everyone is focused on getting a
bag of flour for his family to feed his
family each one of them is ready to die
as long as he gets a bag of flour the
United Nations world food program is one
of the agencies trying to get flour back
in to reopen Bakery and get food
directly to as many people as possible
the long shadow of starvation is
stalking the people of Gaza along with
disease malnutrition and other health
threats un Secretary General Antonio
gueris Unleashed some of his harshest
criticism yet toward Hamas on Monday
condemning it for the October 7th
attacks in Israel and demanding the
release of the remaining hostages but he
said that didn't justify the collective
punishment of the Palestinian people and
on a day when smoke billowed up from the
Gaza side and the Israeli side Israel's
Army announced it was ending its ground
operations phase in Gaza after gaining
control over the northern part of the
territory we made it clear that the
Intensive ground operation phase will
last about 3 months in the north of the
Gaza Strip This phase has ended in the
South we will reach this achievement and
it will end soon and in both places the
moment will come when we move to the
next stage the next stage he said would
include operational control over
Southern Gaza but with an eye toward a
Palestinian government that will quote
grow from within once the war is over
that's little comfort in Gaza where only
about half of the 36 hospitals there are
functioning according to the World
Health
Organization the health system is on the
edge of of the Abyss desperately trying
with all its might to maintain
functionality amid overwhelming
challenges and threats of attack and the
health system was again challenged on
Monday here in con Yunis where Israel
launched artillery shells that killed
eight Palestinians at the door of a
school where some of the displaced had
taken shelter Andy Rosen trt
world