former US president Donald Trump
criticized President Joe Biden for his
foreign policies as Israel is at war
with the Hamas militant group Trump
talked about how the US enemies have
been taking advantage of Biden's
Administration amidst a war that has
claimed over 2500 lives Trump and other
Republicans have earlier tried to lay
blame on the Biden Administration
particularly citing the release of
nearly 6 billion in frozen assets to
Iran which is a supporter of Hamas
however Administration officials insist
that money has not been
spent you have chaos Bloodshed War
Terror and death look what's happening
today because the occupant of the White
House is a laughing stock all over the
world America's enemies cannot believe
how lucky they got they got real lucky
every monster villain dictator and
terrorist and there plenty of them I
know most of them I got to know a lot of
them all over the planet they're having
a field day because they know they will
never have it better than they do with
crooked who in many cases receive money
from those
countries Trump also defended his record
governing the US without any new Wars he
praised his administration's measures
against Islamic State militants and
further pledging to prevent World War 3
reelected he said that under his
leadership the US would offer full
support to Israel in defense beeding
dismantling and permanently destroying
the militant group
Hamas I'm the only candidate who can
make a promise that's a very important
promise the most important promise that
we can have I will prevent World War III
it's not going to
happen Trump spoke to his reporters at
an event in Florida this as he campaigns
as the front runner in the 2024
Republican primary race for the White
House despite four criminal cases
against
[Music]
him
[Music]
full