well as you can see behind me there's
currently a police vanan full of
officers uh to my left hand side and
behind them there is a constant police
presence they've been here since I've
been here today and the police have said
they have been here since Thursday and
will remain here until Sunday the end of
those remembrance events now it is
pretty quiet down here at the Senate
half but just moments ago there were
protests well a vigil that was organized
by Gaza medic voices this time they are
medical workers who were protesting uh
for medical supplies to be able to get
into Gaza and calling for a ceasefire
but as you've said from tomorrow no
propal uh Pro Palestinian protest will
be allowed anywhere near this area as
the police have put in place an
exclusion Zone it applies here as well
as the whiteall and Westminster ABY as
well now the police say that that is in
place to stop Breakaway groups from uh
coming and causing trouble as we know
the organiz gers have said continuously
that they had no intention of coming
down here to the Senate act or whiteall
but police have shared concern about
breakout groups that may uh come here
purely uh for the intent of causing
issues that exclusion zone is
effectively a no gozone for any pro
Palestinian protest and really the
police have said that they are going to
be using an extensive set of powers to
police these remembrance events uh over
the course of the week and particularly
tomorrow we are expecting to see around
2,000 officers policing the event it's
more than would usually uh be working uh
for remembrance weekend events as well
as that uh there are also uh as you've
said this this is going to be under
24hour surveillance as well as uh
section 60 and section 6A notices in
place that means in some areas the
police are able to stop and search
people and ask for people to remove any
face coverings if they believe they are
trying to conceal their identity so the
police really have wrapped up the uh
policing presence for
tomorrow