beyond the near daily explosions in Gaza
is this terrifying
site Palestinians say they are dragging
bodies by ropes so as to avoid Israeli
snipers positioned around Nassar
Hospital in hunis the Gaza Health
Ministry says several people have been
killed by sniper fire this week as the
Israeli military hunting for Hamas
prevents anyone from leaving the area
inside Nasser so crucial in southern
aaza the situation is dire Wastewater
flowing onto the floors is just one of
the
[Music]
problems this hospital is suffering from
a shortage of everything even for the
simplest of tasks including painkillers
the hospital lacks the necessary sterile
gauze pads used to change and sanitize
wounds meantime more than 130 people
have been reported killed by air strikes
around Raa this week among them are
eight members of this Man's family
including his parents and his
brother as you can see we used to sleep
next to each other as it's a small place
with no space but to sleep in one place
the targeting was direct we found them
torn apart they were directly targeted
killed in Cold Blood with no mercy and
in Rafa itself where more than a million
displaced gazin are Sheltering there's
fear that Israel is getting ready to
launch a ground offensive the United
Nations is sounding the alarm if this
military operation is taking place the
question is where will the cilian go
there is absolutely no safe place in
Rafa anymore the Israeli military is
reportedly drawing up a plan both to
attack in Rafa and evacuate those
civilians and that plan will be
submitted to the government but will the
Israeli government hold off on a ground
Invasion to allow more time for
ceasefire negotiations Andy Rosen trt
world