this is Israel's answer to the un's
calls for an immediate
[Applause]
ceasefire Gaza Medical Teams preempted
the disregard for international law and
had ambulances at the Ready 2 days after
the security Council vote each new dawn
looks much like the last UNICEF with sat
with adolescence several of whom said
they're so desperate so desperate for
this nightmare to end that they hoped to
be killed
the Unspeakable is regularly said in
Gaza from teenage girls saying they hope
they are killed to end their nightmare
to a child being told that little boy or
girl is the last surviving member of
their family in Rua where a large number
of displaced Garin are taking shelter
families are going through their new
morning ritual counting the dead and
treating the
injured we were sitting at home watching
the news and we were so happy to hear
about the ceasefire we thought the war
would end and an agreement would happen
we went to sleep and then a missile
destroyed the entire house there were
about 40 people inside the UN has
reiterated that all resolutions passed
in the security Council are binding
under international law and it has the
right to impose sanctions and mobilize a
military force if resolutions are
ignored but observers say that is highly
unlikely the UN has also accused Israel
of continuing to hamper humanitarian Aid
distribution with land routs blocked Aid
is being parachuted in 12 people have
drowned trying to reach food Parcels
that landed in the
sea we need the border crossings to be
opened in an official way this is
humiliating I'm sorry but this is not
the correct way to deliver Aid it's
estimated only a fifth of the required
Aid is reaching those in need and
warnings of an imminent famine are
growing louder Melinda news seora trt
world