Palestinian gunmen kept up attacks
against Israeli forces on Sunday in the
Gaza strip's two main cities weeks after
they were overrun by troops and tanks
it's a sign Palestinian islamist group
Hamas still maintains some control ahead
of any potential
truce persistent fighting could be seen
in Gaza City in the north and Han yunes
to the South the war triggered by
hamas's deadly crossborder Rampage in
Israel is almost in its fourth
month in gaza's Rafa on Sunday
Palestinians swept up Rubble that used
to form their homes locals had reported
Israeli tank shelling and air strikes
there including one that killed two
girls in a house as mourners bade fwell
to the dead children a relative Muhammad
khb said the air strike hit a room full
of women and children in the AL Salam
neighborhood the room collapsed
completely over their heads he said the
scene were horrible at Israel's weekly
cabinet meeting prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu said 17 of hamas's 24 combat
battalions have been dismantled the rest
he said were mostly in the southern Gaza
Strip including Rafa which sits on the
enclave's Egyptian border Hamas does not
publish its losses the prospect of a
push into Rafa has piled pressure on the
hundreds of thousands of Palestinian
civilians Sheltering there having fled
their homes elsewhere
it also worries Cairo which has said it
will not admit any influx of Palestinian
refugees in what it says is a bid to
prevent any permanent
dispossession an Israeli official told
Reuters that the military would
coordinate with Egypt and seek ways of
evacuating most of the displaced people
northward ahead of any raer ground sweep
Gaza Health authorities who do not
differentiate between militants and
civilians in their tallies said on
Sunday more than 27,000 300 Palestinians
have been confirmed killed since the War
Began they say 70% of those killed have
been women and children thousands more
are feared lost in the ruins in hamas's
October 7th Rampage into Israel 1,200
people were killed and 253 taken hostage
according to Israeli tallies more than
130 hostages are still in
Gaza their possible release by Hamas is
among issues under discussion in
Egyptian and katari mediated
negotiations that are backed by the
United States to secure a truce Hamas
has demanded an end to the war Israel
rules that out but is open to a
temporary
truce