[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
should
[Music]
lebanon's iran-backed Hezbollah group
made a daring move on Tuesday launching
a drone attack against Israeli military
bases north of the city of
AA it marked their deepest strike into
Israeli territory since the Gaza
conflict
began however Israeli military officials
stated they had no knowledge of any of
their facilities being hit by Hezbollah
earlier that day they had intercepted
two unidentified aerial targets off
Israel's northern
coast the two adversaries have been
locked in a series of exchanges with
missile fire and air strikes becoming a
grim routine since the onset of the Gaza
conflict last
October despite this both sides have
avoided plunging into an allout
War Hezbollah claimed their actions were
in retaliation for an earlier Israeli
attack that claimed the life of one of
their
fighters in response the Israeli
military swiftly retaliated targeting
military installations in southern
Lebanon
the conflict's toll is staggering since
October Israeli strikes have claimed the
lives of approximately 270 Hezbollah
Fighters and about 50
civilians conversely hezbollah's rocket
and drone attacks have resulted in the
deaths of a dozen Israeli soldiers and a
half as many
civilians the widespread shelling has
left tens of thousands displaced on both
sides
with each passing day fears Mount that a
misstep or
miscalculation could escalate the
conflict potentially drawing in other
Regional and Global Powers including the
United
States as the sun sets on another day of
conflict The Fragile balance in the
region hangs by a thread with the
Spectre of escalation looming ominously
overhead
[Music]