the Islamic revolutionary guard core or
the irgc of Iran claimed it fired two
long range ballistic missiles from the
Shahid mavi warship in the GF of Oman
the missiles with a claimed range of at
least 1,700 kilm hit Targets in a desert
in central Iran the exercise was
intended to be a simulated test strike
against an Israeli base here's a
report
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
keep
w since October 7th Hamas attacks there
has been a rise in human rights abuses
in West Bank by extremist Israeli
settlers against Palestinian civilians
as International condemnation grows more
and more countries are imposing
sanctions against those behind the
settler of violence in the latest France
has joined us and UK imposing travel
curbs against 28 individuals behind the
violence France has called the growing
violence against Palestinians
unacceptable burning 28 Israeli settlers
from entering the country it has accused
the Israeli settlers of perpetrating
violence against Palestinians in the
West Bank coming down heavily on Israel
France says that it was the duty of
Israeli authorities to end the violence
France says it would also be seeking
sanctions at European Union level around
500,000 settlers currently live among
approximately 3 million Palestinians in
the West Bank the settlers live in
settlements that are considered illegal
under international law according to the
United Nation 's daily settler attacks
have more than doubled since hamas's
terror attack on Israel on October 7th
resulting in the death of more than 390
Palestinians action by
France comes after the UK on Monday said
it was sanctioning four extremist
Israeli settlers for human rights abuses
this comes closed on the hills of the
United States actions us also announced
measures against four Israelis on
February 1st over what it called
intolerable vience during the ey of
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu for all the latest news
download the we on Up And subscribe to
our YouTube channel