the sign on the door says baby girl
Israeli Defense Forces released this
video Thursday of what appears to be a
child's bedroom in Northern Gaza it also
appears to have been used to hide
weapons the IDF claims it recovered
Rockets rifles ammunition and
explosives the Israeli military also
released an audio recording it says is
between two Hamas Fighters One says he
has rockets and asks how they should be
delivered he's told the person should
move them in a baby
stroller but this may be what the IDF
was most eager to find and show off the
Israeli soldier says it's the entrance
to a tunnel outside a building in the
shifa hospital
complex IDF spokesman Daniel hagari says
military engineers are inspecting the
tunnel but that they also found others
in addition to shifa hagari says says
tunnels have been discovered at the
rantisi hospital and aloud's hospital
they appear to be complex systems he
says branching off in different
directions now hagari says the IDF wants
to show the proof as soon as possible
but that it's a slow and dangerous
process soldiers have to worry about
booby traps and are at times having to
work while taking
fire Hamas Thursday again denied it has
tunnels under hospitals still insisting
any evidence found is planted and that
there is no Hamas control center under
alifa we avoid all the hospitals all the
time now there has been a very public
battle for public opinion both sides
have been putting out
videos this was a pickup found Thursday
the IDF says was supposed to be used in
the October 7th attacks but didn't go it
was still packed with
weapons but it's the tunnels that Israel
has said were the reason it had to go
into Northern Gaza so
hard it says its Special Forces took out
two Hamas leadership groups in tunnels
this week those are images it wants to
show but the IDF says when it finds
tunnels where Hamas Fighters have left
it has to worry about explosives and
when it finds tunnels where Hamas
Fighters are still there it has to use
explosives usually leaving them severely
damaged Donna all right Mike Armstrong
in jerus thanks