rock rock by
Rock
[Applause]
[Music]
not
the
humanitarian colleagues report uh over
120,000 people have been internally
displaced in Gaza due to concerns over
the protection and destruction of homes
uh you've heard uh the Secretary General
on uh what we're seeing already in uh in
Gaza six healthc care workers have also
been killed and four others were injured
with seven health care facilities and
nine ambulances
damaged do
you in Gaza damage to Water Sanitation
and hygiene facil uh facilities has
undermined services to more than 400,000
people uh the gala power plant is now
the only source of electricity and could
run out of fuel within days
also as of today the world food program
has begun Distributing food to up to
100,000 internally displaced Gins who
are seeking refuge in Ana shelters with
fresh bread and canned food in the next
few days the wfp plans on starting to
roll out assistance to up to
800,000 people with food and cash
assistance as the situation develops
provided the necessary funding is made
available of Trav to the Middle East
needless to say this is not the for its
part uh Ana says they're Sheltering um
about
137,000 uh people in 83 of its schools
in all areas of the Gaza Strip non
School Sheltering displaced families in
the Gaza Strip was uh directly hit over
the weekend um the school was severely
uh damaged it was housing about 22 five
people though no casualties were
recorded among the displaced but the
school sustained significant and
structural
damage what we are extremely concerned
uh about is a level
of a level of tension that we've not
seen before a level of violence that we
have not seen before and a risk of
spillover that we have not seen before
in the recent past
[Applause]
spe
[Applause]
[Music]
for
[Music]
[Music]
Lo
[Music]
[Music]
spee
[Music]
spe
Al
yeah n
alha