Waring sides in Gaza as well as third
party mediators sounded notes of caution
on progress towards another truce in
Gaza and this comes hours after US
President Joe Biden expressed hope that
a ceasefire could be reached as early as
on Monday well in an interview to the
NBC Biden said Israel agreed to Hal
fighting in Gaza for the Muslim holy
month of Ramadan which begins on March
10th but officials from Israel Hamas and
Qatar have suggested that differences
remain as negotiators work to secure an
agreement media Reports say that Israel
was surprised that Biden specified a
date and that he used the word Seas fire
top Hamas officials have also told media
organizations that the group was unaware
of any Seas fire agreement that could be
brokered by next Monday Q which along
with the us is a key mediator in
negotiations also added caution hinting
at a different timeline than that
suggested by
Biden a spokesperson for the Qatari
foreign Ministry said that they did not
have any rather that they don't have any
agreement so far follow
truths meanwhile the UN says that over
576,000 people in the Gaza Strip which
is a quarter of the entire population
are one step away from famine a senior
un Aid official warned that widespread
famine could be almost inevitable
without
action
from across the border Jordan's King
Abdullah joined his Air Force in
dropping Aid into the devastated Gaza
Strip King Abdullah announced that
humanitarian Aid into Gaza must be
doubled to prevent a worsing situation
of hunger which has affected over 2
million people while people rode boats
into the sea collecting what was
believed to be a to be Aid dropped over
the water 4C 130 aircraft one belonging
to the French Armed Forces carried out
the air drops Jordan is urging its
Western allies to Lobby Israel to
increase Aid coming from the kingdom the
flow of Aid entering Gaza from Egypt has
declined dramatically in the past few
weeks Israel has maintained that it is
not blocking Aid into Gaza it has
instead blamed the UN and the
Palestinian side for any
delays