there is an urgency to their work as the
war in Gaza has become even more
Grim these are Jewish human rights
activists working in the West Bank
alongside Palestinians to deliver food
Aid at a time when more and more
families are facing difficulties the
West Bank is in an economic catastrophe
at the moment me we're talking about
hundreds of thousands of Palestinians
who were working in Israel and on
October the 7th suddenly their jobs
ended along with that you've got uh a
lot of army restrictions around freedom
of movement and getting to
workplaces organizer Anton Goodman knows
he's in a tiny minority as public
opinion after October the 7th is
hardening with many Israelis convinced
more than ever that the peace Camp is
misguided so we can have reactions in my
community in my friend circle of saying
why would you be helping the enemy why
are you not helping our people at this
time
but he hopes these types of actions will
provide the building blocks eventually
for greater cooperation and
coexistence the boxes of flour rice oil
and lentils are soon loaded onto a truck
each one enough to feed a family for a
week the journey from rala to Hebron
isn't far but it is a cirous route
avoiding and getting stopped at
checkpoints on the
way
we're just reaching our destination it
should be a relatively short Journey but
we've had to navigate checkpoints which
have slowed us down now when we get into
heon the aid will be unloaded by
Palestinian volunteers who are working
with the Jewish groups and then it will
be distributed to families who are most
in
need finally after more diversions the
truck
arrives food insecurity in the West Bank
has increased as a result of of the war
in Gaza I didn't experience something
like that in my life I'm 44 now it's the
first time I see people starving inside
hibron City and other uh parts of West
Bank and for sure in
Gaza the boxes will be distributed
across the city This Time by foot two or
three stacked at a time they're taken
across
town at the last checkpoint there's
another wait before the aid can pass
even a simple operation to deliver small
boxes of food is fraught with
difficulties in the face of Israel's
unending military
occupation Alex Rossy Sky News