[Music]
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
good morning um everyone we have an
important European Council in difficult
times is very important to demonstrate
again that the European Union is united
united to defend our principles to
defend our our values and that's why we
we support Israel and its right to
defend itself in line with the
international law and the humanitarian
International law we condemn Hamas and
this violent terrorist attack and we
will discuss how we make sure that there
is human access we feel that civilians
must be protected always and everywhere
we will have a good decision a good
debate with the leaders and I'm
confident that again we will affirm
Express a very strong United position
you know I am with my Coles very active
to to explain to argue when I'm engaged
with our col in the global South that we
do not have double standards that we
have a fundamental principle that we
believe in the international law that we
believe in a world ruled R based by
based on rules and on fundamental
principles uh and we will continue we
will not give up but we can feel that
some in the world are using those
circumstances to try to rally a part of
the International Community to attack uh
the European Union to attack our
partners across the world and to try to
instill some doubts about our our
credibility that's why this moment is
also important from a jobal point of
view and that's why the European Council
has a special role to play because of
the treaties and because our Unity will
be the best argument we can use when we
are engaging with glal
South
[Music]
[Applause]
spe
this time the war that Israel is waging
is
different this time the war is a war of
Revenge that war this war has no real
objective rather than the total
Destruction
of every livable Corner plac in Gaza
ceasefire is essential is very
important we have to start bringing in
water electricity food
fuel medical supplies medical equipments
and even medican Medical Teams the
humanitarian pose is not going to uh you
know help in bringing in the necessary
distribution of such you know uh uh
Goods into uh uh Gaza so many war crimes
are committed by
Israel here right now what we are
seeking is
[Applause]
accountability
[Music]
ch
[Music]
[Music]
my
[Music]
is
[Music]
for
for