now it has been 16 days since the Israel
Hamas War started tensions are
escalating on the battlefield and there
are fears of a multi-front war for
Israel and threat of an on ground
Invasion for Gaza but now let's take you
to the site where it all started this is
where it all started on the 7th of
October residents in southern Israel
woke up to their worst nightmare Israel
was under attack and one of the very
first places to Bear the onslaught of
Hamas was kibuts Airi not sparing women
not sparing children or the elderly the
militants went on a killing spree they
took dozens of hostages back to Gaza
killing hundreds at whale and they left
the place in Ruins here is a report from
our correspondent Vishal Pand from Berry
in Israel when it all started on 7th of
October more than 100 people were killed
and many kidnapped from this kibuts B
because this was the place where Hamas
infiltrated first and they were killing
everyone and I came to
report my mom she was kidnapped by Hamas
I have a movie
that someone sent me from a telegram
group Gaza now and she was kidnapped
with her husband and two Neighbors from
kibuts ber
and uh I
guess they're in Kamas now in in
Gaza that's
it look at these bullet holes of the car
and I want to say something it's not a
war it's not a battlefield you see the
babies the mother the fathers in their
bedrooms in their protection rooms and
how the terrorists kill them it's not a
war it's not a battlefield it's it's a
massacre it's a terror act
activity Hamas killed those people who
were trying to escape through this car
it's
unbearable I have so many funerals to be
in and you know I I can't even be in in
all the funerals you you can see
everywhere is
Graves
and everywhere is everywhere is
dead
monsters even small children were not
spared by the
[Music]
Hamas
shelter
okay shelter
[Music]
dalawa
[Music]