Oh
Benjamin Netanyahu has come under fierce
criticism as you heard from our reporter
for his comments about a Palestinian
scholars influence on Hitler and the
Holocaust for reaction in Israel let's
cross to Greg carlstrom who's live in
Tel Aviv and has there been any public
backlash Greg in Israel around
Netanyahu's Holocaust comments
their husband I mean he's on this
high-profile trip right now to Germany
he's met with the German Chancellor he's
meeting with Kerry today but the focus
here really has been on these comments
linking the one-time Grand Mufti of
Jerusalem to the Holocaust you know some
of the reaction in the media this
morning this is the front cover of
Israel's largest paid daily newspaper
which says shock at Netanyahu's words
that quote Hitler didn't plan to destroy
the Jews there's another headline here
which has a photo of the German
Chancellor Angela Merkel saying Merkel
made it clear to Netanyahu that we are
responsible we Germans are responsible
for the Holocaust Netanyahu has tried
for some time now to accuse the
Palestinian leadership of incitement and
by trying to bring up these stories
about the Holocaust he's trying to argue
that there are in essence no moderate
Palestinian leaders that the
Palestinians have never accepted a
Jewish presence on the Land of Israel
but in this case it's backfired on him
with some people going as far as calling
him a Holocaust denier for these
comments now the violence continues we
understand has been a stabbing attack in
Beit Shemesh this morning what more can
you tell us about this
yes it happened around eight o'clock
this morning in this town which is just
outside of Jerusalem according to the
police to Palestinians both of them from
the heroine area tried to get on a bus
that was apparently full of children in
this town they were stopped by local
police and also by some armed civilians
in the area one of the civilians was
stabbed he was taken to hospital with
light injuries the two attackers were
both shot they've been taken to hospital
at least in serious condition there have
been some unconfirmed reports that one
of them has died but both of them as far
as we know are now in hospital ok Greg
hallstrom in Tel Aviv thank you