reporting from Southern Israel and
elsewhere we've also told you how Israel
has now been forced to fight on multiple
fronts from Southern Lebanon the war
with the hisbah is expanding almost to a
full scale and now the Syrian front has
become a full-fledged exchange as well
artillery and Rockets from Syria and
Israel responding it's the big two
fronts that are now emerging take a look
at
this the Israel Hamas theaters rapidly
widening Israel is now fighting on
multiple fronts as air strikes and
punitive actions escalate across the
Palestinian territories Lebanon and
Syria in a big escalation the night sky
along the southern border with Lebanon
lit up after massive flare bombing from
the Israeli Army aimed at targeting the
Hezbollah
tpads Israeli strikes come in response
to launches towards Israeli territory
from
Lebanon IDF aircraft struck Terror
targets belonging to the Hezbollah
terrorist organization in
Lebanon similarly responding to rocket
launchers from Syria towards Israeli
territory the IDE of struck military
infrastructure inside Syrian
territory Israel right now is not
fighting on two or three fronts but
probably on five fronts there has been
major escalation yesterday in the North
with Lebanon with the Islamic
brotherhood's militant wing and hisbah
firing number of missiles into Northern
parts of Israel there have been
escalation on Gaza where IDF on ground
and in near in and in the air is
founding Hamas targets there have been
continuous rocket firing also from Syria
now we are not going to expand the war
we already have a a war with the Iran by
proxy Kamas and kisala kisala is in war
with Israel low intensity for the time
be one has to remember what is the head
of head of the octopus of the snake in
this case and we we will find a way for
having everyone pay their dues when it
comes to
it as the flare bombs illuminate the
night sky over the conflict zone They
light the risk of a wider West Asia
[Music]
conflict with sharur and Rajesh pavar in
Israel Bureau report India today go