I want to bring in Alva yaff she's here
with her two beautiful girls um you're
you're from Toronto grew up in Montreal
as well yeah you've been trying um for
days now to reach the Canadian
government and what has the response
been the number isn't even working so I
haven't be able to get a hold of
actually anyone um and I'm desperately
trying to get out of
here sorry about that no need to
apologize yeah I'm not able to get a
hold of
anyone um um and I I don't really know
what to do because there's no flights
and uh I'm praying that Canada will be
able to get uh me and other families
that are just trying to get out of here
h no no sorry what would it mean for you
to to be able to get your girls home
your family is in The Thorn Hill Toronto
area th Toronto waiting for us to come
back there they just want us to be safe
it would mean the world to me and to my
girls to just be able to
be look you know she's trying she wants
it too and and and for for good reason
to get these girls to safety and but
your family your family hasn't been able
to do it to get a hold of anyone my
mom's been trying to call and she hasn't
been able to get through so uh from both
ends here we're trying to get we're
trying to get an answer somebody speak
to um we're going to keep trying if you
had a message before we let you go for
the Canadian government what what would
it be on behalf of yourself and other
Canadians in a similar situation help us
help us I think uh there's enough
resources to get us to get us home um
this is like this is actual War this is
not like anything
before uh and we want to be safe and we
don't feel safe here and we feel safe in
Canada right Liv she loves
Canada why why is it important why would
you like to get to Canada cuz there's
snow oh that's very exciting I don't
know if there's snow right now it's
coming you can be sure of that it'll be
there soon thank you so much for your
time we really do appreciate it so just
a a small sample of the frustration that
many Canadians have been echoing today
that we been speaking with that they've
been getting very little assistance uh
they reached out to the Embassy they're
just getting automated responses back
sometimes the phone number isn't working
and just a small sample of the
desperation many are facing right now