uh we didn't had all the information
obviously in the first minutes and hours
but very clear the situation began being
very obvious when we began seeing images
uh of these uh bodies and these
passports in the hospital that confirm
uh these were our people at the end is
what we know what everybody knows uh
that seven team members between the
special specialty security people we
have three British individuals and three
uh three international crew plus one
Palestinian that they were Target
systematically car by car they were
targeting Us in at the conflicting Zone
in an area controlled by IDF them
knowing that was our teams moving on
that route with two armor with three
cars and then they hit the third one and
then we saw the consequences of that
continuous targeting attack seven seven
people dead um but there are seven on
top of a list of more than another 190
humanitarian workers that they've been
killed over the last six month if if we
were Target this way I need to
understand that this was no vies I need
to understand that this was not by
somebody that is above Law and Order
that decided used to kill us because I
don't know maybe because I did a tweet
that was very strong against President I
don't know obviously that's why we need
to have an investigation that is neutral
and this above
IDF um I I I I believe will be good
intentions on anybody they will tell the
story whatever they want to say but what
I know is that we were targeted
deliberately nonstop until everybody was
dead in this
Convoy that that that cannot be that
cannot be the role of an army that
cannot be the role of an army that has
hundreds of drones above Gaza in any
single
moment