yeah very very difficult to watch um as
you can imagine the Israeli Army invited
journalists to a screening uh of raw
footage of those massacres carried out
on October the 7th they put together a
45 minute video compiled from hundreds
of hours they said of footage from uh
dash cams body cams won by members of
Hamas uh body cams from First Responders
mobile phone footage uh and uh very very
distressing images uh indeed I think uh
one piece of footage that really marked
people uh sitting and sitting and
watching in the auditorium uh showed uh
a father uh running and carrying his two
sons in a kabut to a shelter
um and then uh the father was killed the
two sons run back to the kitchen uh and
you can hear them screaming uh in the
kitchen on the footage uh asking why
they're alive where where's their mom
where's their dad uh and in the in the
meantime uh their father's killer is uh
stood next to them helping himself to
drinks from the fridge so very very
surreal uh very awful uh scenes uh we
were also shown audio an audio recording
of a member of Hamas using uh a phone
the phone of a of a dead Jewish woman to
call uh his uh parents in the Gaza Strip
to boast uh about how many people uh
he'd killed so a lot of loud gasps in
the auditorium uh crying and a lot of
people just simply unable to watch as
you say difficult for you to watch that
footage Andrew um I'm interested though
why you think the Israeli Army decided
to show journalists like yourself these
videos um it's a good question I mean
the Israeli Army spokesperson Daniel
hagari he he spoke just before showing
uh the footage he said that uh he wanted
uh to show people uh who they were
fighting um after he said that after
October 7th that something had changed
the nature of the enemy had changed but
in a nutshell this is really about I
think the battle for public opinion not
here in Israel of course but around uh
the world it's been two weeks since
those uh massacres and since then of
course Israel has responded with heavy
bombardments in the Gaza Strip we we we
we've seen and heard of Palestinian
civilians innocent Palestinian civilians
uh being killed of course we've seen the
pictures and the testimony but I think
uh Israel wants us not to forget of
course what they suffered too on October
the 7th with the horrific scenes that we
saw once again today