a
[Music]
small Central American nation only the
second country after the United States
to recognize the State of Israel 70
years ago it's once again right behind
the us recognizing Jerusalem as its
capital Guatemalan President Jimmy
Morales defied much of the rest of the
world by announcing the controversial
decision only a few weeks after
President Trump in a Facebook post on
Christmas Eve a move praised by
evangelicals like the President himself
Tarkio is an evangelical taxi driver who
carries his Bible in his car when
Jerusalem is mentioned he's quick to
quote several passages that mention
Israel
because according to the Bible is not
only the capital of Israel but the
Millennial capital of Christ and it'll
be the capital of the world god bless
quad Amala for recognizing that the
evangelical minority in Guatemala has an
intimate connection with the US and
Israel from the very beginning of the
establishment of the state of Illinois
lion right outside Guatemala's foreign
ministry a sizeable star of david'
monument honors the significant role
guatemala played in the establishment of
israel our requests for comment from
foreign ministry officials about the
jerusalem decision met with no response
for guatemalan officials this is still a
sensitive issue and many feel reluctant
to publicly speak about the decision
most citizens here don't have such a
strong connection to Jerusalem and so
many see the move as largely political
and something that causes unnecessary
controversy for Guatemala the country is
already engulfed in a domestic
controversy a un-backed corruption
investigation has landed to past
presidents in jail as well as both sons
of the current president Morales tried
to expel the head of the anti-corruption
Commission and withdrew all cooperation
in March a local lawyer tried to block
the embassy move saying it was against
international law but Guatemala's
Constitutional Court threw out the
petition the decision over Jerusalem
looks secure for now but with the
administration mired in corrupt
allegations a future challenge can't be
ruled out it is Tian Shan TRT world
Guatemala City
[Music]