all right the temporary truce between
the militant group and Israel has now
been delayed now earlier Israel's
cabinet had approved a ceasefire deal
with the Hamas group on Tuesday night
several world leaders welcom this deal
in fact and French president Emanuel
macron said that the authorities are
working tirelessly for the release of
all
hostages Egypt's President Abdul fat Ali
hailed the success of the mediation new
British foreign secretary also welcomed
the agreement between the Israeli
government and and
Hamas Indian Prime Minister Narendra
Modi urged leaders of the world's 20 big
economies to do whatever was necessary
to ensure the Israel Hamas War does not
expand into a wider
conflict
man
Turkish president erdogan said that he
hopes this Tru steal will lead into
permanent
peace
fore
speech
foreign forign speech for
speech
for n Vatican Pope Francis also
addressed the conflict in his speech
Pope Francis said that the conflict has
gone beyond War to become
terrorism
[Applause]
for
under the deal Hamas is to Free 50
hostages over a 4-day period the Israeli
government said it would extend the Lull
by an additional day for every 10
hostages released and Hamas welcomed
Israel's move and dubbed it a
humanitarian truth in a statement it
said that 150 Palestinian prisoners are
will will be released from Israeli jails
as part of the
agreement meanwhile as the leaders
welcome the troops the conflict between
Israel and Gaza escalates the Israeli
air and ground operations
continue after an air strike targeted a
residential compound in KH yunes people
carried wounded children and relatives
to nearby hospitals the chief of United
Nations Children's agency described Gaza
as the most dangerous place in the world
to be a child maximum graveyards are
full in Gaza gazin are burying their
loved ones in M Graves some of the
bodies still remain
[Music]
unidentified