Israel has received more US military aid
than any other country since World War
II but the humanitarian crisis in Gaza
is putting that assistance under heavy
scrutiny and prompting calls for
Washington to put conditions on the
military funding it provides to Israel
here's what we know about the level of
us support for Israel as it fights Hamas
militants in
Gaza in 2016 the US signed a record $ 38
billion agreement to provide Israel with
military aid over a period of 10 years
33 billion dollar was for military
equipment and $5 billion for missile
defense systems Israel became the first
International operator of the F35 Joint
Strike Fighter with plans for a fleet of
75 of the technologically advanced
fighter
jets the US helps fund Israel's Iron
Dome short-range rocket defense system
and the David sling system to shoot down
Rockets fired from up to 124 miles away
a further 14 billion for Israel proposed
by President Joe Biden last year is
currently held up in Congress we're
going to make sure Iron Dome continues
to guard disguise over Israel we're
going to make sure other hostile actors
in the region know that Israel is
stronger than ever and prevent this
conflict from
spreading I think the the United States
has long used its veto power on the UN
Security Council to block resolutions
seen as critical of Israel earlier
during the war it vetoed calls for an
immediate ceasefire in Gaza then in
March for the first time Washington
abstained from a vote on a similar
resolution
abstention Security Council resolutions
meet at least nine votes in favor and no
veto by the US France Britain Russia or
China Washington has also taken Israel's
side elsewhere former president Donald
Trump withdrew the United States from
the UN Human Rights Council to protest
the B's criticism of Israel's treatment
of
Palestinians in 2017 Trump recognized
Jerusalem as Israel's Capital the status
of Jerusalem which is home to site's
holy to Muslims Jews and Christians has
been one of the biggest obstacles to
reaching a peace deal between between
Israel and the
Palestinians