Israel and Gaza traded heavy fire on
Friday but Egyptian mediators launched a
new B to end days of fighting that has
killed dozens Israel announced it was
striking Islamic Jihad Targets in a
densely populated Palestinian territory
siren's warning of incoming fire rang
out in Israeli communities close to the
water with Gaza Strip and in an Israeli
settlement near Jerusalem in the West
Bank the violence has been met with
international calls for de-escalation
with the European Union pushing for an
immediate comprehensive ceasefire
violence broke out Tuesday when Israel
killed three Top members of the Islamic
Jihad group or subsequent strikes have
killed at least three other senior
figures a spokesperson for the Islamic
Jihad group said a high-ranking
commander was killed in a strike on the
Gaza City Apartment on Friday
the latest rocket fire was a response to
the killings and the continued
aggression against the Palestinian
people the launches came after a rocket
killed one civilian in the central
Israeli city of Rehoboth
on Thursday night daily life in Gaza
ruled by the Hamas group has largely
come to a standstill Israel has told its
citizens near Gaza to stay close to bomb
shelters Israeli public television
meanwhile said an improved an improved
Egyptian ceasefire proposal had been
handed to Israel
the decision to renew airstrikes on Gaza
this week was authorized by Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu the
United States urged steps to be taken to
ensure that violence is reduced Morocco
which normalized relations with Israel
in 2020 said it firmly condemns recent
Israeli attacks on the Gaza Strip the
leader of lebanon's iran-backed
Hezbollah say the movement was in touch
with the Palestinian factions and stood
ready to provide all assistance within
certain limits in April Palestinian
Fighters based in southern Lebanon are
Hezbollah stronghold fired more than 30
Rockets after clashes inside Jerusalem's
Flashpoint Al-Aqsa mosque
the Israeli military said it has hit 170
Islamic Jihad Targets this week while
more than 860 Rockets have been fired
from Gaza this week's escalation is the
worst since August when 49 gazans were
killed in three days of fighting between
Islamic Jihad and Israel
Leon is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move
[Music]