for decades underwater has been a source
of survival for palestinian refugees now
it's the agency's survival at risk
chronic budget shortfalls have affected
assistance to millions across a region
deep in poverty this forced the agency
to strengthen partnerships with other un
organizations raising concern there is a
deliberate strategy to target the rights
of refugees
there have been attempts for some time
now to end the work of underwater
israel has made clear this should happen
we are worried about this because the
u.s doesn't support the agency
philippe lazarini underwater's
commissioner general dismissed those
concerns partnerships he said have been
part of operations and are more
necessary in light of the threatening
financial crisis they're facing those
services he explained will be provided
on behalf and not instead
of the agency there is no gradual
departure of
we are not calling ngos to step in and
there is absolutely
no plan of any sort
to transfer
any activities or to transfer any
responsibilities
it's a challenging period for an agency
that has had to operate with a funding
gap of around 100 million dollars a year
with a growth in refugee numbers it's
not just in lebanon but in jordan the
occupied palestinian territory and syria
the agency is mandated to protect and
provide humanitarian assistance to
palestinians pending a just and lasting
solution to their plight that solution
according to the un's resolution 194
involves palestinians right to return to
their homeland which they were forced to
flee in 1948.
israel has refused to respect that right
and the international community has
largely ignored it palestinians say the
agency's role as a witness to their
suffering is important so their cause
won't be forgotten
the right to return is our legitimate
right as palestinians attempts to get
rid of underwater is an american-israeli
conspiracy to eventually bury their
palestinian cause
it's a cause that has not gone away more
than 70 years on despite repeated
efforts to remove the refugee status of
palestinians that's why palestinians and
arab nations hosting them insist onorwa
should remain in full control of its
mandate but that will require more
funding and political will senator
al-jazeera beirut