meanwhile massive protests are sweeping
the Arab world as Israel continues to
pound the Gaza Strip for the 28th day in
a row as civilian casualties in the Gaza
rise to
9,227 according to Hamas anger mounting
in the West Bank Jordan and Yemen in the
Jordanian Capital Aman large crowds
gathered near the Israeli Embassy
chanting Pro Palestinian slogans
protesters calling for the scrapping of
an unpopular peace treaty with Israel
[Laughter]
[Music]
for
meanwhile police officers were seen
clashing with the protesters during the
demonstration they expressed their
opposition to blink's up blink's Vis
it Jordan a key us Ally with a peace
deal with Israel has recalled its
ambassador from Israel remember but the
protesters saying it's not enough and
have demanded that all treaties be
scrapped
[Music]
and in Yemen hundreds of people
protested at a rally in s in support of
the Palestinians as Israeli Armed Forces
pressed a ground offensive in Hamas
controlled Gaza chanting slogans in
support of the palestin Ians and against
Israel some carried pictures of the
hoodi
leaders along with the leader of
lebanon's Hezbollah Hass
Nala yesterday in Pakistan's Karachi
hundreds of people attended a solidarity
rally for the Palestinians the
protesters waved flags of Palestine and
gu guif and Islamic party that had
organized the
rally is Muslim Muslim
[Music]
meanwhile families of hostages taken by
Hamas hold a protest in Israel tviv and
demanded their return before any
ceasefire takes place in
[Music]
Gaza
in Turkey more than a 100 Vehicles
carrying Pro Palestinian protesters
departed Istanbul they are bound for a
US Air Base in Adana Province the
pro-islamist humanitarian relief
Foundation announced that the
demonstrators would travel to uh the air
base to voice their opposition of
America support to Israel and that
country's war with Hamas that have been
injured terribly injured it is very
important to have a huge Convoy of
people from turkey going driving all the
way to inser to say no to the US
government for using inser Airbase to
move weapons from that air base into
Israel to kill Palestinians in
[Music]
Gaza