this morning Israel is grinding ahead
with a war it says will last many more
months inside the Gaza Strip the heavy
fighting continued overnight Israel
saying it hit more than 100 sites on
Tuesday gaza's hamast and health
Ministry saying 241 people were killed
in the last 24 hours meanwhile in
Washington top Netanyahu adviser Ron
durmer met with Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin and National Security
adviser Jake Sullivan on the agenda the
hostages gaza's humanitarian situation
and what comes the day after the
war back on the ground in Gaza Israel's
military is expanding operations in
central gaza's refugee camps in Northern
Gaza where Israel says it now has almost
full control Israel's military brought
NBC News inside what it says is the
largest Hamas tunnel discovered so far
some 10 ft high and 2 and 1 half mil
long the IDF says with concrete walls
this is the entrance to the tunnel and
you can see how it goes from the surface
of the Earth diagonally into the ground
you can easily see how they could fit an
entire full-size vehicle down into this
tunnel and in southern Gaza volunteers
carried out a grim task in gaza's Sandy
Earth they dug a mass grave and laid to
rest 80
Palestinians this is Muhammad his mom
was killed when their house was bombed
his dad is missing at 13 the lives of
his seven siblings are now in his
hands I don't know how to deal with this
he says but I know how to make my
sister's milk I change her she drinks
the milk after more than 80 Days of war
and despite intense Global pressure to
scale back the operation prime minister
Netanyahu is vowing to stay the
course his military Chief of Staff
saying there are no shortcuts to
dismantling a terrorist group there are
no magic
Solutions