and the Israel Gaza War has left
thousands of people stranded in Gaza
this includes several foreign Nationals
who are waiting to cross the Rafa border
Israel has given a deadline to foreign
Nationals Palestinians to use the Rafa
border well majority of them visited
Gaza to meet their relatives both
Egyptian and Israeli officials confirmed
that Rafa border will reopen to let
foreign Nationals to cross well un says
an estimated 1 million people have been
displaced in the first 7 Days of the
conflict the UK government claims that
around 50,000 to 60,000 British
Nationals are in either Israel or Gaza
several people are trapped in both the
regions as international flight services
are suspended this includes relatives of
Scottish first Minister Hamza Yuzu he
says his wife's parents are trapped in
Gaza in yet another video mother-in-law
of Scot Scotland's leader says that more
than 1 million people are moving to
South Gaza in an emotional video she
asked what will happen to those who are
admitted in the hospitals take a
listen still they bombing them as they
this will be my last video everybody
from Gaza is moving towards where we are
1 million people no food no
water and still they're bombing them as
they leave
we going to put them but my thought is
all these people in the hospital cannot
be
evacuated where's
Humanity where's people's hearts in the
world to let this happen at this day dat
and may God help us
goodbye and both Hamza and his wife have
expressed fears for the family in the
region Nicholas
when too many people are abandoning the
very basic principles of international
law I cannot tell you how proud I am
that this party stands firm behind the
principles of international law I cannot
tell you how much your support and your
comfort have meant to me to Nadia and
our girls I have never been so proud
or uh conference so grateful of this
party the SNP as I am after today's
[Music]
resolution