it didn't take long for more misery to
come to Gaza a victim of Israel's
renewed bombing campaign howling in pain
as he's rushed to a hospital with Hamas
Rockets once again firing at Israel and
Israeli bombs once again falling on Gaza
Israel sent these messages to
Palestinians warning them to evacuate
South to Rafa at the Egyptian border for
their own safety many Palestinians said
they were scared and
baffled I mean from day one from one
place to the other and another from the
north to the south from the center who
knows where next and there is no
electricity no water no food no good
living conditions and we are patient our
correspondent Nar sadawi was live on the
air from Southern Gaza when an Israeli
Missile hit nearby so this is a strike
an air raid
seems very close to where we are at
nasar hospital this is just an example
of what we were talking about the White
House blamed Hamas for the broken truce
it began firing Rockets before the pause
it ended and as I said it renaged on
commitments it made in terms of
releasing certain hostages the end of
the truce also brought more grief in
Israel these families of hostages still
held by Hamas were tantalizingly close
to reunions with each hostage release
during the truce over 100 of them but
now they are even more desperate even if
we need to cease fire for a while even
if we if even if we need to pay some
prices even if we need to release all
the uh you know all the terrorists we
don't care adding to their fear Israel
confirmed that six more hostages are
dead and in the occupied West Bank with
240 Palestinian prisoners released from
Israeli detention during the truce there
will be no more joyous re unions here
either for a
while meanwhile the head of the UN
Agency for Palestinian refugees warned
of very sad days ahead for civilians in
Gaza after Israel said it was blocking
all Aid deliveries until further notice
but in an apparent about term the White
House says Israel has now agreed to let
some Aid trucks through although the
number of trucks will be vastly reduced
Andy Rose trt world