Mr Speaker
a question more about substance than
Style
the
official opposition leader
and I agree on something which is
significant the prime minister is not
responsible for the mistake but he is
responsible for fixing it he is head of
state it's his responsibility so does
the Prime Minister intend to officially
apologize on behalf of Canada and
unfortunately still on behalf of Quebec
does he intend to apologize to all those
who suffered as a result of the dramatic
and serious event which took place in
this place
The Honorable government house leader
thank you Mr Speaker I thank my
colleague for his question
the speaker already apologized for the
decision that he made
it was a shameful decision for all of us
as members and for all Canadians
it was important that he take
responsibility for his actions and
decisions
everyone in this house called for his
resignation
he did so and that was The Honorable
Choice thank you Mr Speaker The
Honorable member
after six questions it's hard to believe
that the government house leader hasn't
yet understood that the responsibility
of the Prime Minister and the
responsibility of the house are not one
and the same the Prime Minister needs to
assume his responsibilities as head of
state
as a head of government so he needs to
apologize to the Jewish community in
Quebec and Canada and around the world
he needs to apologize to all
parliamentarians and to all Canadians
and he must specifically apologize to
president zielinski because this event
made him Target of Russian propaganda
The Honorable government house leader
thank you Mr Speaker as I said yesterday
I am a Canadian of Jewish origin I am
the descendant of a holocaust Survivor
this incident hurt me personally as it
heard all members of this house and all
Canadians
the incident
also hurt president zielinski
the Speaker of the House apologized and
took responsibility for his decision
which was shameful and painful for us
all
he did the responsible Thing by
resigning