Jordan's Air Force intercepted and shot
down dozens of Iranian drones that
violated its airspace and were heading
to Israel Jordan neighbors Syria and
Iraq both countries where Iranian proxy
forces operate and also is next door to
Israel and the West Bank here's a look
at the West Asian Nations ties with
Israel Jordan downed Iranian military
platforms aimed at Israel and described
its action as self-defense the Israeli
military released a map showing missiles
traveling through the airspace of Jordan
and Saudi Arabia
the president of the United States Joe
Biden spoke with Jordan's King Abdullah
on Sunday in an interview with Al
mamlaka State television foreign
minister aan Al safadi said if danger
came from Israel Jordan would take the
same action as for the Chicago Council
on global Affairs Jordan has a deep
history of allyship with the west and it
corporated with Israel on several
notable occasions Jordan signed an amist
with Israel in 1949 that ended the first
Arab Israeli War in 1994 it became just
the second country in West Asia to begin
official diplomatic relations with
Israel the peace treaty that launched
that diplomacy is considered one of the
few successes of the peace talks between
Israel and its neighbors in the
1990s while Jordan was one of the first
countries to have official diplomatic
relations with Israel it did not sign on
to the us-led Abraham Accords in 2020
like most W West asan iian countries
Jordan supports the creation of a
Palestinian State because of this
jordanians worry the Israel Hamas war
and violence in West Bank will lead to a
forced permanent expulsion of
Palestinians they feel such a scenario
may end any chance of an independent
Palestine and such an expansion would
also send an influx of refugees into
Jordan which the nation has stated it
won't accept Jordan's King Abdullah II
has pushed back on accepting any
Palestinian refugee saying no refugees
in Jordan nor refugees in Egypt Jordan
has long been considered one of the most
stable countries in West Asia the United
Nations population fund still defines
the country as a steady force in the
region stating that Jordan has a
reputation for dynamism moderation and
peace brokering
[Music]
for all the latest news download the
weon app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel