farite populist Javier mle has become
the new president of Argentina and his
victory is likely going to affect the
country stand on the Israel Palestine
conflict an avid supporter of Israel mle
has pledged to move the country's
Embassy to West Jerusalem during his
campaign he made several public displays
of the Israeli flag and promised a
stronger bond between buenos Iris and
Tel Aviv like many leaders in the west
mle 2 is backing Israel's ongoing
Onslaught on palestine's Gaza on the
pretext that Israel has the right to
defend itself mle is interested in
Judaism and frequently studies Torah
with a rabbi in Buenos Iris reports
suggest that mle floated the idea of
converting to Judaism but couldn't do so
as Sabbath restrictions would Clash with
his presidential duties the
president-elect also announced plans for
a trip to the US and Israel before he
takes office on December 10 stating that
the visit will have a spiritual
connotation nicknamed El Loco or the
madman the 50 3year old Economist is
known for his controversial rhetoric and
campaign pledges and has been compared
to farri figures like former US
president Donald Trump and Brazil's
former president jir
[Applause]
bolsonaro to say that M's views are
extreme is an understatement the
libertarian politician has reportedly
defended the sale of organs and babies
in the past milay defeated economy
Minister Serio Masa securing over 55% of
the vote in the second runoff his
victory has broken the hegemony of the
two main political coalitions and comes
at a time when the country is battling
soore and inflation and increase in
poverty a self-described anarch
capitalist mle also aims to replace a
local currency the peso with the US
dollar part of his economic vision for
the country is to do away with the
Central Bank alleging that the financial
institution is set up to steal money
from citizens all this comes as smay
himself faces an investigation over
allegation that his political Coalition
could have charged eager candidates
around $50,000 for a slot on the party's
ballot a charge the fire right candidate
[Music]
denies