[Music]
Israel has said it will respond to
Iran's unprecedented strike against its
territory even though most of the
missiles and drones were shot
down the key questions are how when and
whether calls for restraint from allies
will make a difference I think this is a
time to think with with with head as
well as heart and to be smart as well as
tough and I think the smart thing to do
is actually to recognize that Iran's
attack was a failure uh and we want to
keep the focus on that on Iran's malign
influence there are a range of possible
options for an Israeli response from
going big with direct military action to
heeding the advice of David Cameron and
others and doing nothing the most
aggressive Choice could involve
deploying F35 Jets to bomb nuclear
facilities inside Iran this could
include sites such as natan's Iraq and
foro another option could be to Target
Iranian military bases a less aggressive
move could be to conduct more deniable
operations such as assassinating key
military commanders or possibly using a
Cyber attack to disrupt the country back
up the response scale could be the
option of going after Iran's proxy
militias such as by launching a ground
Invasion into Nextdoor Lebanon to take
on Hezbollah for Tran and its
revolutionary guard core they have
unsurprisingly vowed to retaliate even
more harshly to any Israeli action the
bigger the Israeli attack the larger the
Iranian response and the greater the
risk of escalation into uncontrolled
regional conflict it's why leaving the
threat of a response hanging for as long
as possible rather than acting quickly
might make more sense for Israel espe
esecially as it's already Waging War
against Hamas in Gaza and defending its
northern border from
Hezbollah the weekend strikes also saw
the US Britain France and Regional Arab
Nations work together to help defend
Israel nurturing that kind of Coalition
against Iran rather than hastily going
it alone could serve Israel best in the
long
run Deborah hay Sky News