now the Diplomatic face off coming in
the aftermath of a deadly attack on the
Gaza hospital at least 500 people were
killed many are fear to be trapped under
the rubble still Hamas has called the
attack of genocide even as Israel denies
any role behind the strike following the
deadly air strike Palestinian president
Mahmud Abbas has declared 3 days of
morning for the victims injured men and
women children are being carried to Gaza
City's Al shifa hospital that's about
1.5 km away from the alahari Arabi
Hospital Palestinian civil defense has
called the bombing on Al aalii Hospital
Israel's deadliest air strike since 2008
Israel Defense Forces have blamed the
strike on Hamas the IDF it has also
released footage rep reportedly backing
this claim the IDF maintains the attack
to be the responsibility of the Islamic
Jihad I can confirm that an analysis of
the IDF operational systems indicates
that a barage of rockets was fired by
terrorists in Gaza passing in close
proximity to the alali AL Mii Hospital
in Gaza at the time it was hit
intelligence from few sources that we
have in our hands indicates that the
Islamic Jihad is responsible for the
failed rocket launch which hit the
hospital in Gaza I repeat this is the
responsibility of Islamic Jihad that
killed Innocents in the hospital in
reacting to the developments Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu shared
a tweet he said that the entire world
should know that it was barbaric
terrorist in Gaza that attacked the
hospital and in Gaza and not the IDF he
added that those who brutally murdered
our children also murder their own
children but Palestinian ambassador to
the UN countered the Israeli Prime
Minister's claim calling him a liar
Palestinian Envoy claimed that the
Israeli forces hit the hospital
speculating the presidence of Hamas
space around the premises the
Palestinian Envoy says Netanyahu digital
spokesperson tweeted that Israel did the
hit thinking that there was a base for
Hamas around this hospital and the Tweet
was then deleted after they realized
that the death toll would draw outrage a
picture of the deleted tweet was shared
without the Tim
stamp Theon is now available in your
country download the app now get all the
news on the move