now the world court has unanimously
ordered Israel to take all necessary and
effective action to ensure basic Food
Supplies to Gaza are insured and halt
the spread of famine where dozens of
children have already died of
malnutrition and are facing catastrophic
conditions the world court on Thursday
ordered Israel to end spreading famine
in Gaza demanding it take all necessary
and effective action to ensure basic
Food Supplies to the Palestinians there
unanimous ruling from the international
court of justice K's Aid agencies say
only about a fifth of needed supplies
are entering the war shattered Enclave
the world Court judges said in their
order quote the court observes that
Palestinians in Gaza are no longer
facing only a risk of famine but that
famine is setting in the judges said
this could be done by quote increasing
the capacity and number of land Crossing
points and maintaining them open for as
long as necessary the court order Israel
to submit a report in a month to detail
how it had given effect to the ruling
the new measures were requested by South
Africa as part of its case that accuses
Israel of state-led genocide in Gaza a
senior Hamas official said the ruling
did not go far enough and Israel must be
ordered to end its military offensive to
Halt the suffering the UN Security
Council voted on Tuesday to demand an
immediate ceasefire and the immediate
and unconditional release of all
hostages absten in a change from its
previous stance the United States
abstained from but did not veto the vote
there was no immediate comment from
Israel's foreign Ministry on Thursday's
World Court ruling Israel has said it is
making efforts to expand access for
humanitarian groups to Gaza over land
through air drops and by ship but Aid
agencies say it's not nearly enough and
un Secretary General Antonio gues has
described the number of trucks blocked
at the border as a moral outrage
it is a moral outrage for all the latest
news download the Von app And subscribe
to our YouTube channel