[Music]
here we are and we'll come back tomorrow
and the day after until you are okay a
pledge to feed those in crisis around
the world including in Gaza hey this is
in we're at the J kitchen this video
taken from the world Central kitchens
operations in the besieged Palestinian
territory the woman on the left one of
seven victims in a fatal Israeli air
strike World Central Kitchen is based
out of this office building here in
Washington DC they declined our request
for an interview on Tuesday but provided
a statement saying they are heartbroken
and appalled by the air strike the team
of world centrer kitchen uh this morning
were able to deliver atra the charity
was founded by celebrity chef Jose
Andreas who posted on social media that
the Israeli government needs to stop
indiscriminate killing and stop using
food as a weapon President Biden called
Andreas to share his condolences but the
White House says Israel has not crossed
a red line
the more violent it gets for
humanitarian Aid workers the less likely
it is that they're going to be willing
to take those risk which means it's more
likely that the people of Gaza are going
to just suffer all the more this
incident is different become because
it's come after many warnings the United
States has said from the beginning how
you fight this matters Middle East
analyst Laura Blumenfeld doesn't believe
the US will pull its support for
Israel's offensive over the Fatal strike
but says it could be close to doing so
Benjamin Netanyahu ran on being Mr
security part of being keeping people
secure is being smart not only strong
but smart this just looked stupid us
officials are headed to the Middle East
this week where the world will now watch
and see if Monday night's strike marks a
defining moment in the conflict juel
senic Global News Washington