there is no structural damage to the
building all of the apparent evidence
presented by the Israeli Defense Forces
pointed to a rocket that was launched
from inside Gaza hitting alahi hospital
but rear Admiral Daniel hagari knows
some people just won't believe him the
information war is a hard War it's a
hard enemy Israel is fighting against
Hamas claims it is to blame and against
the days of its air strikes that the Gaz
and health Ministry says have killed
more than 3,000 people among the misery
of War there is propaganda and emotion
particularly online if you feel angry or
if you feel really passionate about what
you're seeing that should be a sign for
you just sort of slow down calm down
because when you're passionate about
something the logical part of your brain
tends to take a backseat Gan Carlo fella
works for bellingcat it is one of the
pioneers of independent open Source
intelligence or ENT bellingcat
investigates disputed events using
verifiable publicly available data from
business Registries to flight data to
satellite images something that we take
a lot of pride in that is our our our
ability as an organization to say look
here's what we have discovered but not
just that here's every single step that
we took to making these discoveries
bellingcat raises funds from
non-government Grants Don s and training
courses it is currently working through
the evidence of the Gaza Hospital case
as are a growing number of ENT units at
large news outlets including the BBC and
New York Times you can get almost as
good a picture from end if you know what
you're doing and you can put that level
of analysis in and you can approach it
with no bias whatsoever um than as as
you can from get from Secret sources the
truth about what happened at Al AI
Hospital could be vital to the future of
this conflict arguably more important
will be what the people of the Middle
East believe to be the truth the world
of transparent public data may help
bring those two things closer together
Redman Chann and Global News London