Donald Trump made another one of his
extraordinary claims on Twitter today
this time the US president declaring the
US would be at war with North Korea if
it wasn't for him and he's disputing
intelligence reports that indicate Kim
jong-un is continuing his nuclear
program despite their vague deal
CTV's Washington bureau chief joy Malbin
has that story
in spite of new warnings that Kim
jong-un has no intention of winding down
his nuclear program that didn't stop
Donald Trump from boasting on Twitter
North Korea it is going well no rocket
launches or nuclear testing in eight
months if not for me we would now be at
war with North Korea but Trump may have
oversold that historic handshake in
light of US intelligence warnings and
satellite images that analysts say show
construction at a key ballistic missile
facility while North Korea continues to
produce material for nuclear bombs
Donald Trump is wrong tensions may have
diminished yes but the nuclear threat
still exists and it will continue to
exist until unless we can reach concrete
written agreement with the North Koreans
about the denuclearization process
that's the difficult part and the job of
US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo when
he speaks to Kim this week his fourth
visit there were no doubt they'll raise
concerns about Kim's commitment to
denuclearize we don't talk about
intelligence matters but the secretary
we're all keeping a close eye the US
government keeping a close eye on North
Korea and the Secretary has been very
clear and very blunt with the North
Koreans about what he expects
after all those promises the
administration wants verifiable
commitments from North Korea put to
paper not everyone is so optimistic
we've had eight previous agreements that
have all failed because North Korea's
either cheated or didn't fully comply
with the requirements the president
though says he trusts Kim they have good
chemistry and he's holding out the
possibility of a second summit with Kim
later this year either at the UN in New
York or back in Singapore joi Balvin CTV
News
Washington