does the US believe the elimination of
hasto is an attainable goal we believe
that it is absolutely an attainable goal
for the Israeli military forces to uh to
degrade and and defeat hamas's abilities
to conduct attacks inside Israel they
they can it can be done militarily are
you going to eliminate the ideology no
um and are you likely going to uh erase
the group uh from existence probably not
but can you eliminate the threat that
Hamas poses to the Israeli people
absolutely I've been trying real hard
not to give them a report card here and
I think that's a a wise thing for us to
to do is to refrain from analyzing an
armchair quarterbacking their military
operations uh they themselves have said
that they have targeted and been
successful against a range of leadership
uh of Hamas certainly at the Brigade
level and higher and remember these guys
are organized like a military it's not
just some ragtag group of terrorists I
mean they have a pretty sophisticated
military underpinning and structure to
them and they've gone after quite a bit
of those leaders they've gone after a
lot of the mid-range and lower level
Fighters as well I think I'm going to
let Israel characterize how they've been
doing but they have without question let
me just say this broadly they have had
an effect on uh hamas's ability to
command and control itself to Resource
itself and quite frankly to lead their
troops um uh we don't believe that
military attacks alone are going to
eradicate an ideology um and it's not
likely that you're going to get rid of
every single homos fighter uh so in that
sense I mean you you still have
to uh you still have to reconcile
yourself with the fact that there may
still be some Hamas uh uh around even
when your military operation is over
that said uh what they what they they
absolutely can do is eradicate the
threat that Hamas poses to the Israeli
people and you can do that by going
after lead leadership you can do that by
going after their infrastructure you can
do that by going after their resource
and we showed that with respect to Isis
and and al- Qaeda it can be done Isis
and Al Qaeda still exist but they are
nowhere near the kind of threats that
they uh that they once posed so it can
be done militarily