[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
um I found some interesting things about
the MSA which is an organization that's
very active on campus and it is hosting
uh our annual Hitler Youth week should
come out to those events um if you could
clarify the connection between the MSA
and Jihad terrorist networks because
last last I checked we had to do our own
fundraising and uh we never get help
from anyone so if you could clarify the
connection between ucsd's MSA or if you
don't have such information if you could
connect other msas on uc's because the
connection wasn't too clear in the
pamphlet just if you could clarify okay
will you uh condemn Hamas here and now
I'm sorry what will you condemn
Hamas would I condemn Hamas as a
terrorist or genocidal organ are you
asking me to put myself on a
cross so you won't I I actually have had
this experience many times you didn't
read the pamphlet because the pamphlet
is chapter and verse uh the main
connection is that the MSA is part of
the Muslim Brotherhood Network as
revealed in the documents I don't think
you understood what I meant by that I
meant if I say something I'm sure that I
will be arrested
for reasons of Homeland Security so if
you could please just answer my question
if you condemn Hamas Homeland Security
will arrest if I support Hamas because
your question forces me to condemn Hamas
if I support Hamas I look really bad if
you don't condemn Hamas obviously is
[Music]
supported
[Music]
stay with the times of India for news
break analysis interviews and events we
bring you stories from your neighborhood
and from across the globe as well
subscribe to our YouTube channel hit the
like button and press the Bell icon so
you don't miss any of our videos