meanwhile us and the UK struck 18 houti
Targets in Yemen in an answer to the
recent surge in attacks by the militia
group on ships in the Red Sea and also
the Gulf of Aden this includes a missile
strike this past week that set fire to a
cargo Wessel well according to the US
officials American and UK fighter jets
hit sides in eight locations targeting
missiles launchers Rockets drones and
air defense systems
and this is the fourth time that us and
UK militaries have conducted a combined
operation against the houis since
January 12th the strikes have support
from The Wider Coalition which includes
Australia barin Canada Denmark the
Netherlands and New
Zealand UK's Royal air released a video
showing typhoon fighter jets taking off
to carry out the strikes as well as
Voyager tanker aircraft
[Music]
us defense secretary lyd Austin said
that the strikes Were Meant to and I'm
quoting him here further disrupt and
degrade the capabilities of the Iranian
backed houti militia unquote he added
and I'm quoting Austin again we will
continue to make clear to the houis that
they will bear the consequences if they
do not stop their illegal attacks which
harm Middle Eastern economies cause
environmental damage and disrupt the
supply of humanitarian Aid to Yemen and
other
countries well earlier on Saturday us
Central Command in a statement said that
that the Destroyer USS Mason downed an
anti-ship ballistic missile launched
from huti held areas in Yemen towards
the Gulf of aen adding that the missile
was likely targeting MV Tom Thor a US
flaged owned and operated chemical oil
tanker later the houi group's military
spokesperson confirmed that they had
targeted MV Tom Thor he further added
that they will continue to attack
shipping lanes in support with the
Palestinian I in the Gaza
War
the hotties have launched now more than
45 attacks on Commercial and Military
ships in the Red Sea and Gulf of Aiden
since November 19th and the pace has
picked up in recent
days
[Music]