200 kilometers north of Gaza Israeli
Prime Minister Benyamin Netanyahu visits
soldiers on the second Front Line the
border with Lebanon it's the site of
daily exchanges of fire between Israel
and Iran backed Hezbollah which controls
Southern Lebanon for Netanyahu this is
not a diversion from the war with Hamas
but part of what he called a double
battle as well as crushing Hamas in Gaza
deterring its Ally Hezbollah here he had
a stark
promise
if Hezbollah decides to enter the war it
will long for the days of the second
Lebanon war it will make the mistake of
its life we will it with a force
it cannot even imagine and the meaning
for Hezbollah and for the state of
Lebanon will be
devastating but we are prepared for any
scenario Netanyahu was referring to the
last major escalation between Israel and
Hezbollah a month-long conflict in 2006
that left more than a thousand Lebanese
people dead mostly civilians it severely
damaged lebanon's economy and
infrastructure but on Saturday Hezbollah
leaders said they were already part of
the battle and would not hesitate to
intervene further if necessary Hezbollah
delivered its own
warning I will offer advice to Israel
and those who support it you suffered a
terrible defeat during the Hamas attack
on October
7th be satisfied with that and stop so
that you do not face another defeat
because you continue doing what you're
doing you have no Hope of
Victory with no let up in the rocket
fire and no sign of aam intentions
Israeli and Lebanese civilians have been
evacuating from the border areas but the
fear is that an escalation in the
conflict won't be limited to this region
but will explode across the Middle East