Australia has now condemned the strike
on the Gaza hospital this is a statement
also being released on part of their
prime minister as they have been
condemning the strike that happened at
the Gaza Hospital which killed over 500
people which has taken over 500 lives
and this is also coming at a time when
there have been protest pictures from
different parts of the world that have
been also coming in as far as uh more
and more condemnation that has also come
in uh we'll play out exactly what uh
Anthony Alon who was the Prime Minister
of Australia has to say on these
killings the hospital killings that
happened in
Gaza uh we have seen a devastating uh
loss of innocent life since uh the
attacks on Israel by the terrorist group
Hamas but the scenes from the explosion
at a Gaza City Hospital are deeply
distressing and it is clear that there
has been a devastating loss of life
every innocent life matters whether it
is Israeli or
Palestinian our thoughts are with those
killed those injured and their loved
ones the protection of Civilian lives
must come first as the parliament said
in its resolution that we carried on
Monday and respect for international
humanitarian law is
Paramount we condemn any indiscriminate
attacks and targeting of Civilian
infrastructure including hospitals and
Australia joins with others in calling
for international law to always be
upheld well the condemnation that has
been pouring in over the Gaza Hospital
strike we also tell you about what has
also been said and rather has been done
in action by the United States the US
warships have now been heading towards
Israel as the aircraft carriers with
f18s are battle ready and there is one
carrier already in the East
Mediterranean Sea that has been
stationed and the troops are said to be
on high alert
is the Biden Administration is now
sending USS Dwight the Eisenhower
carrier strike group to the Eastern
Mediterranean to support
Israel
f
because
already
States
of suppor
will keep us updated on the same for the
moment prep thank you very much and to
you sain as well for joining us