after months of stressful waiting gazans
are joyfully reuniting with loved ones
Ibrahim Abu Salah one of the Palestinian
detainees released by Israeli forces
gives a harrowing account from
hospital after the interrogation they
put us on tracks in those tracks there
was all sorts of suffering beating being
without food without water and without
anything of course after maybe two weeks
I developed infections in my leg from
the inflammation
my left leg got severely infected and I
stayed 7even days after about a week my
leg wasn't getting better it turned blue
and it got
gingerness they took us to the hospital
and I stayed there they told me they
would amputate my leg after about 7 days
they amputated it
directly sleeping was prohibited during
the day from 6:00 in the morning until
11: at night you couldn't say a word
this would be enforced you couldn't talk
to your neighbor the dog unit comes and
they bring the unit with them they
torture us they tie us up and leave us
for 50 days in a toilet in one toilet
and they are keeping track of
you the Israeli military denies these
allegations asserting that all
operations are conducted in compliance
with national and international laws
however firsthand accounts from other
detainees tell a different
story in those prisons there was no food
no water
every kind of torture and beating you
can imagine the daily food they give was
not even enough to feed a small child
actually it was not a prison it was a
torture pit the International Community
including organizations like the United
Nations and the icrc has raised concerns
about the treatment towards Palestinian
detainees on February an unua report
based on interviews with over 100
detainees claimed that the Aller abuse
was used to extract information or
confessions or intimidate and humiliate
and to
[Music]
punish they interrogated us for 14 days
they asked me about the resistance who
was part of it and where they were I
told them I was just a child and didn't
know anything about their resistance but
they didn't believe me they kept
interrogating me but I refused to talk
then they performed an operation on me
but after my leg got worse and the
medication they gave me didn't help much
the situation is tense as the
allegations push for better protection
of detainees under International
standards Yu SAR trt world