well after weeks of back and forth we
understand that a possible breakthrough
could be coming in those negotiations
between Israel and Hamas through uh
those mediating countries the United
States Egypt and Qatar uh we understand
that the United States put forward a
proposal that Israel has now accepted
and that proposal would see around 40
Israeli hostages being held in Gaza
those hostages which are injured the
female hostages as well as those men
over the age of 50 still being held by
Hamas to be released in exchange for 700
Palestinian prisoners being held in
Israel including 100 that are serving
life sentences for murdering Israelis
now this is being seen as a concession
by Israel under a lot of pressure from
the United States to accept this deal
but also a lot of pressure domestically
in the last few days we've seen those
families of the hostages protesting
across Israel demanding that their
government strike a deal to release
their loved ones clearly a lot of
pressure from uh the families of those
hostages but a change in position from
the Israelis who had previously rejected
a similar proposal so that us uh
pressure clearly causing a shift in the
Israeli uh position there was also a
concession by the Israelis when it comes
to the return of people to Northern Gaza
something that Hamas had demanded and
the Israelis had so far rejected now
they seem to be open to the idea of 2 to
3,000 Palestinian mostly women and
children returning to the northern part
of the Gaza Strip every day as soon as
those hostages start being released so
clearly a change in position the
question now is whether or not Hamas
will accept this deal that will take a
few days because the message has to
travel to Yaya Sina the head of Hamas
who is currently hundreds of feet under
the ground hiding in Gaza so it will
take a few days for the message to get
to him and hamas's response to see if we
can reach a deal for a ceasefire and the
release of those hostages Alex Kad sabc
news Tel
Aviv