[Music]
yesterday the ex-wife the mother of the
boy and the boy were in their um unit
basically they're renting a floor in the
house of this man
who committed this crime when he knocked
on their door she opened it he had
knocked on the door many times before um
she had no reason to suspect anything
and when he opened the door he proceeded
to choke her the mother who's 32 years
old her name is Hanan and attempted to
stab her and she ran into the bathroom
and called 911 and by the time she came
out he had located and murdered her
child six-year-old wadia by stabbing
this all happened in seconds I know this
because she texted this information to
the father who shared the texts with me
um she is now lying in the hospital in
serious condition the boy the young
six-year-old boy had just celebrated his
birthday a couple of weeks
before and he was a lovely Boy Who Loved
his family his friends he loved soccer
he loved
basketball and he paid the price for the
atmosphere of ha
and otherization and dehumanization that
frankly I think we are seeing here in
the United States as a result of the
irresponsible leadership and lopsided
one-sided statements and coverage that
we're seeing in the media elected
officials all
across I ask what are you telling me you
stand with because right now what you
are telling me you stand with is war
crimes targeting of Civ Ians destruction
of
hospitals the forced displacement of
over a million people from the north to
the South there's plenty of empathy
there's plenty of love there's plenty of
reason to be able to have an adult
conversation what we're seeing though
are individuals and groups and
institutions that are attempting to
clamp down on anybody who dares to have
such an open conversation to talk about
the humanity of Palestinians we have
seen one-sided statements from
universities hospitals law firms private
you know Financial
Banks in which Muslims work in which
Palestinians work not a word to their
suffering not a word to the context that
they are
in full
Erasure and that needs to
change