remember all of this specifically with
the offensive that Israel has also gone
on has led to a massive loss of life in
Palestine and they have nowhere to go
the border with Egypt is also closed and
the border with Israel is most
definitely closed as well and then this
Hospital attack takes place take a look
at this
report no fuel no power cut off from
water
supplies and exposed to unseizing air
strikes Rescuers and survivors digging
through the rubble in the hope of
finding anyone
alive more than 2,700 Palestinians many
of them women and children have been
killed killed since October 7th in
Gaza many believe to be trapped under
the depri on Tuesday Israel bombed areas
of Southern Gaza where Palestinians took
Refuge heavy attacks outside the sudden
cities of Rafa and Kan Yunis left dozens
injured more than million Palestinians
have fled their homes till now roughly
half of gaza's population most of them
now in the 14 kilomet area south of the
evacuation
Zone the 35-year-old Sama a a mother of
four shared her anguish at magazi
refugee
camp we are um get up every morning
suffering from water and no water for my
children and no know and very very
um noisy uh from uh
bombs the US secured an agreement with
Israel to discuss creation of a
mechanism for delivering Aid to the
territories 2.3 million people but there
is no deal in place on the ground as of
late Tuesday Israel wants guarantees
that Hamas militants would not seize any
supplies with Ramy al- meari from Gaza
Bureau report India
Today India's number one political
reporter defines what seems to be
happening Vendetta
politics unmatched eye unmatched
experience the world has changed my
black hair has become gray as well and
with unmatched passion for the story do
not monopolize the conversation when
it's 100% news that matters it's news
today with Raj deep sardesai Monday to
Friday 900 p.m. only on India Today TV