[Music]
in a region Often marred by conflict
there emerges a glimmer of hope
positive developments have surfaced in
the negotiations between Israel and
hamus regarding the Gaza hostage and
ceasefire deal reports indicate that
katar acting as a mediator has conveyed
H's List of Demands to Israel marking a
significant step forward in the
negotiation process Central to the
negotiations is the exchange of hostages
for Palestinian
prisoners homas a proposal suggests the
release of 700 to 1,000 Palestinian
prisoners including those serving life
sentences in exchange for Israeli
hostages including women children the
elderly and the ill Thomas said it would
agree on a date for a permanent
ceasefire after the initial exchange of
hostages and prisoners according to the
proposal a deadline for an Israeli
withdrawal from Gaza would be agreed
upon after the first stage hamus said in
his
proposal the Palestinian islamist
militant group said all detainees from
both sides would be released in a second
stage of the
plan this comes at a time when is
Israeli PM Netanyahu has vowed to
destroy hamus and expand the offensive
into the enclaved southern city of Rafa
where half of gaza's population has
sought
Refuge we will destroy hamus free our
hostages and ensure that Gaza doesn't
ever pose a threat to Israel again we
will finish the job in Rafa while
enabling the civilian population to get
out of Harm's Way we've taken measures
to minimize civilian casualties that no
other Army has taken in
history the Israeli cabinet is set to
convene deliberating hamus a response to
the proposed terms among the key points
highlighted by hamus is the return of
Gaza residents to their homes and the
withdrawal of Israeli Defense Forces
from the
strip Israeli media reports indicate
cautious optimism with slight
flexibility observed in hus of stance
regarding the release of his jailed
operatives for the people of Gaza the
prospect of the ceasefire and the return
to normaly hangs in the balance as NE
negotiations between the conflicting
parties inch closer to a
resolution as the world watches hopes
are panned on diplomatic efforts to pave
the way for peace in this troubled
[Music]
region