the other big story we are tracking
thousands of Israelis are up in arms
against government plans to give
lawmakers more control of the judicial
system on Wednesday president Isaac
Herzog unveiled alternative changes to
those plans however prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu has rejected that new
proposal the president warned on
Wednesday that Israel was at a turning
points of stress that he had been
involved in a mediation efforts and
speaking with thousands of people for
weeks he said a civil war is a red line
foreign
[Music]
foreign
the Israeli Prime Minister rejected the
president's proposal Netanyahu said that
the main parts of the president's
proposal will only worsen the current
situation
boys
foreign
the Israeli government says the reforms
are crucial the government has been
citing an imbalance that has given
judges too much far over elected
representatives critics notably on the
right have argued that Israel's Top
Court judges have exceeded their
Authority by claiming the right to
strike down legislation
the Netanyahu government wants to
implement an override Clause the
override Clause would allow Parliament
to overrule some Supreme Court decisions
with the support of 61 lawmakers in the
120 member Parliament a simple majority
netanyahu's government wants to change
the system through which judges are
appointed giving politicians more
control the government also intends to
curb the authority of legal advisors
attached to Ministry that nahu has
dismissed the anti-judicial reform
protests the government sees it as a
refusal by leftist opponents to accept
the result of last November's election
the protesters say that the future of
Israeli democracy is at stake if the
government succeeds in pushing through
the plans apart from weakening the
Judiciary protesters say that the plans
will undermine the rights of minorities
and open the doors
to more corruption
[Music]