Israel's facing its most serious crisis
in decades in fact this happens to be
one of the most intense escalations in
the Israel Palestinian conflict in years
it's reported this could have a direct
impact on Israel's Tech sector according
to investors and analysts tech companies
operating in Israel are expected to
fortify security as they could face
disruptions understand that for a few
decades high-tech Industries have been
the fastest growing sector in Israel
they've been crucial for economic growth
accounting for 14% of jobs and almost a
fifth of the gross domestic product
according to Jack ablin Chief investment
officer and founding partner at Cresent
Wealth Advisors short-term resources
could be diverted if the conflict
expands for instance staff at tech
companies being called up as military
reservists Quincy Crosby who is the
chief Global strategist at LPL Financial
in Charlotte says there will likely be a
quote tremendous effort to guard
physical installations for companies
from attacks because some technology
spending is tied to the military and
viia which is the world's largest maker
of chips used for AI and computer
Graphics says it's cancelled an AI
Summit scheduled for Tel Aviv next week
its CEO was due to speak at the event
Israel's technology sector has already
been facing a Slowdown in 2023 due to
internal political conflicts and
protests but it's important to note that
the Israeli Texas sector has always
bounced back from geopolitical tragedies
it's shown resilience in the past and it
remains to be seen just how Israel's
high-tech sector which has been seen as
a global leader in technology navigates
and grows amidst this latest
crisis
[Music]