Wednesday morning was quiet in the West
Bank Town of rala a day after the
explosion at the Gaza Hospital the
officials say killed about 500 people
the town is the seat of the Palestinian
Authority most shops were closed and
attendance at noon prayers were sparse
this was the scene of violent protests
that started Tuesday after news of the
explosion in Gaza that sent many to the
streets here to vent their shock and
anger for the blast which they blame on
Israel later Wednesday the
demonstrations erupt again in ramala
with many of the protesters apparently
not believ in Israel's explanation that
it was the Islamic Jihad militant group
that caused the explosion when one of
the Rockets intended for Israel misfired
on the streets of the West Bank for a
second day there was frustration at
what's happening more than 8 kilm away
in Gaza it's hard and What Makes Us sad
is that we can't do anything about it
we're just here standing and watching
and all all we can do is come here stay
together one hand hand in hand to
support Palestine to support the land
we've been always fighting for in the
outskirts of rala the protest took a
more violent turn young boys began to
throw rocks at Israeli soldiers not far
from there soon more people join as you
can see they they they set on fire some
tires and throwing rocks there's there's
a lot of anger and and and frustration
here in in ramala Israeli soldiers
responded with tear gas and live
ammunition shots Tuesday had seen
clashes between protesters and
Palestinian Security Forces some of the
anger has been directed at Palestinian
president Mahmud abas who has been
largely quiet over the Israeli attacks
on Gaza many here in the West Bank see
abas and his Palestinian Authority an
enemy of Hamas as authoritarian and an
extinction of the Israeli
occupation yha for vo news
[Music]
ramala