do you believe that what's happened in
Gaza constitutes
genocide I do and I think that the fact
that this debate is Raging on shows that
what Israel is doing is egregious enough
the fact that people are actually having
a debate on whether or not it is
genocide like you said the international
court of justice has agreed that there's
a plausible case for genocide I think
that you just clearly articulated
several factors that Israel is in fact
carrying out the mental bodily harm and
carrying about condition
uh to destroy a group of people clearly
the Complete Siege on Gaza the
elimination or the prevention rather of
water food electricity the prevention of
Aid um widespread preventable illnesses
uh killing people now uh we see 2
million people on the brink of
starvation clearly these are all
intended to destroy a group of people
when you compound that with the
indiscriminant bombing in the most
densely populated places on Earth I
would absolutely constitute that as
genocidal killing and then peers
compound that with the fact that there's
genocidal intent this is usually one of
the hardest things to prove in a case of
genocide not the case in Israel's
genocide in Gaza we have five pages just
in the icj ruling that clearly lay out
the explicit intent to carry out
genocide and I'll just point to two uh
the Israeli president who said shortly
after October 7th that uh no civilian in
Gaza is innocent um and and that they
should have overthrown Hamas and because
they didn't they are essentially worth
uh you know killing and then you have
the defense minister shortly after
October 7th that these are human animals
and we need to act accordingly as he
announced the Complete Siege of Gaza so
taking all that into account I would
absolutely constitute what is happening
is genocide and Israel needs to be held
accountable and stopped immediately
because it's the gravest crime against
humanity that a state can commit