Gins are now facing the rampant spread
of diseases due to congested shelters
and this comes as Aid deliveries
continue to be halted due to lack of
fuel and communication blackout
shortages of fuel gas and food are
bringing even deeper hardship to Gans in
konis the World Health Organization has
now voiced its concern about the threat
of starvation and diseases in Gaza and
this comes as weeks of Israeli
bombardments have led to the population
crowding into shelters with scarce food
and clean
water now according to reports from the
health agencies over 70,000 cases of
acute respiratory infections and over
40,000 cases of diarrhea has been
recorded now these figures are
significantly higher than expected by
the health authorities in
Gaza that the whole system is on as news
there's currently over 60
65% 47 out of the 72 primary care
facilities are not functioning and there
others are very much partially
functioning over 70% close to 75% 25 of
36 hospitals are not functioning and the
other ones are as we know partly uh
functionist so there's clearly not
enough support and endless
need now authorities also say that the
start of the rainy season has Amplified
the sufferings and chances of
Contracting diseases for those living in
the makeshift tents flooding had
overwhelmed the enclaves already damaged
sewage systems sparking fears of
infectious
diseases and a major reason for such
dire condition of gazin is the halt in
deliveries of humanitarian supplies
which is deepening the misery of
Palestinians Aid agencies have
repeatedly stressed that the delivery of
all Aid and Medical Care depends
crucially on fuel supplies the absence
of fuel has already forced the shutdown
of sewage pumping stations and
desalination plants now further
increasing the risk of water
contamination and the outbreak of
[Music]
colera