Miser is mount for thousands of people
who have been made refugees in Gaza as
winter Titans its grip in the region the
Rafa region of the Gaza Strip near the
border with Egypt has become a tent city
desperate Palestinians fleeing Israel's
growing ground offensive are crowding
into shrinking safe areas with shelter
significantly Beyond capacity people
have pitched tents along the sides of
the roads with just enough food to be
able to survive thousands have relocated
to the far south of the strip and in
areas declared as safe zones by the
Israeli military the numbers are so high
that the UN Refugee agency has warned
that this may create additional
displacement in West
Asia everyone around the world is
celebrating the New Year watching
firework shows but for us the firework
show here is missiles all we have are
rockets and explosions children being
killed my wish for the new year is for
the war to stop so that we can return to
our homes and live like ordinary
people and to make matters worse the
world food program has said that there
operations in the strip are on the verge
of collapse nearly 1.9 million people
have been displaced since the start of
the Israeli bombardment with many
yearning to go back
home the whole of Gaza has been
destroyed people could not celebrate the
New Year our homes have been destroyed I
hope the war would end soon I hope we
can survive and live with dignity I hope
we can return to our homes go back to
school return to everything that is
familiar in the new year gazin are
exposed to cold temperatures as they
continue to live without food water or
blankets in the water on strip the cold
has pushed gazin to scavenge for wood to
be able to burn fires for warmth the
wood from the debris of destroyed
buildings has also run out forcing the
fires in Gaza to be fed by pieces of
cloths and
plastic we on world is one is now
available in your country download the
app now and get all the news updates on
the move