desperate residents of Khan Yunis flee
on foot carrying what they can of their
belongings on Monday Israel ordered
people out of suedes of the main
southern city in the Gaza Strip as they
left bombs fell on areas still described
as
safe many are being displaced for a
second or third time since the war broke
out on October
7th Hami Zahir from northern Gaza says
he sheltered for a month in the as
hospital then was ordered South to the
safe areas they're now being told to
evacuate send us to the grave and be
done with it he
says some 80% of gaza's 2.3 million
people have now been made homeless in an
Israeli bombing campaign that has
reduced much of the crowded Coastal
strip to a desolate Wasteland Israeli
forces largely captured the northern
half of Gaza in November since a weekl
long truce collapsed on Friday they have
pushed deep into the southern half this
house in canun was struck overnight nen
Abdul moti lives next door with her
daughter and 2-year-old
baby they told us to move from the north
to canun since the south is safer and
now they've bombed canun even K yunes is
not safe now and even if we move to Rafa
Rafa is not safe either where do they
want us to
go the parts of khun's people were
ordered to leave were home to more than
350,000 people before the war the UN
says not counting the hundreds of
thousands who crowded in to take shelter
from the bombs medical officials in The
Enclave say Israel's bombing has killed
more than
15,500 people with thousands more
missing and feared buried under the
rubble Israel launched its assault to
annihilate Hamas in retaliation for the
October 7th attack by its gunman who
killed 1,200 people and seized 240
hostages according to Israeli tallies I