Israel's National Planning and Building
Council approved their Advanced plans
for more than
3,500 new homes and settlements in the
occupied West Bank the approval comes as
a response to a West Bank attack that
happened nearly two weeks ago during the
attack at least one Israeli was killed
and over 100 um 11 others were injured
excuse me for that about 70% of the
homes will be built in Mali adumim east
of Jerusalem with the rest in nearby
kedar and
eat south of
Bethlehem higher planning committee of
the Civil Administration approved
Advanced plans for the development of
over
2,400 in Mal adumin at least
690 in errat and 330 in
kedar this is the first time since June
that the development of housing units in
the West Bank has advanced however the
the Palestinian Authority condemned them
Israel has built about 160 settlements
settlement
housing some
700,000 Jews since it occupied the West
Bank and East of Jerusalem in the 1967
Middle East War the vast majority of the
International Community considers the
settlements illegal under international
law although Israel disputes it and
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
netanyahu's far right government has
promoted the settlement causing friction
with one of the country's key allies the
US who is also Tel aviv's biggest barer
in the ongoing war with
Hamas in February US Secretary of State
Anthony linkoln said Washington deemed
West Bank settlements inconsistent with
international law reverting a US
position that had been overturned by the
administration of former president
Donald Trump
blinken's statement came after us
sanctioned four Israeli settlers in the
start of
February then apart from America France
also announced sanctions against 28
Israeli settlers who been accused of
committing human rights abuses against
Palestinian
civilians the UK also joined the list
and announced sanctions on four Israeli
settlers 2023 was an exception in terms
of promoting construction plans in the
West Bank over 12,000 housing units were
approved or even advanced in the
planning phase last
year peace now an Israeli non-government
organization estimates that this is the
highest number since the signing of the
Oslo
Accords for all the latest news download
the we on app And subscribe to our
YouTube channel