amid a in fighting in Gaza and the
hostage detainee swap Israelis are eager
for a more serious Crackdown on Hamas
this according to a poll conducted by
the Israel democracy institute around
518 people participated in the poll
conducted from November 19th to 20th
responders were asked questions on
various focal points such as the goals
of the war government's plan for Gaza
the threat of Hezbollah and on Israel's
relationship with the United States
among others when it comes to the goals
of the war respondents were asked to
rank the goals out of the following four
toppling the Hamas regime in Gaza and
destroying its infrastructures releasing
all the hostages restoring Israeli
deterant and distancing all Gaza
residents from the border with Israel
toppling Hamas and hostage
released releases were ranked at the top
goals Israeli respondents ranked release
reling hostages and toppling Hamas as
the two most important goals while Arab
respondents ranked releasing hostages
and restoring deterrence as a top goals
when it comes to government's plan of
action after the war ends majority of
the
responders think the wartime
Administration does not have clear plan
as to what would happen in waron Gaza
once the fighting seizes and asked on
how should the war struck Nation respond
to the threat of Hezbollah from Lebanon
over 52% of the respondents support
strikes against Hezbollah while
35% say that Israel should exercise
restraint on the Northern front Israel
and Iran backed Hezbollah have been
exchanging fire ever since the war
started and situation at the Israel
Lebanon border has remained tense and
asked about Israel's relation with the
United States amid the war respondents
had a mixed response 44% of the
respondents think that Israel should
call Ates its actions with the United
States while 45% are of the opinion that
it should act only in accordance with
the Judgment of Israel's leadership ever
since the War Began the United States
has stood behind Israel Like a
Rock weon is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the
move