in the picturesque Palestinian Village
of souit nestled in the northern West
Bank jabal Abul slimi a seasoned farmer
is bracing for a challenging year while
his olive trees are thriving he says he
won't be able to harvest at least 30% of
his growth like many Palestinian Farmers
slimi says he is too afraid to work on
the farmlands that are close to the
Jewish settlements around his village
at gunpoint they demanded to put all the
equipment for Harvest in his truck and
then demanded to put all the olives in
his truck and told everybody to leave
the area since the October 7th attacks
by Hamas militants on Israel incidents
against Palestinian Farmers have surged
in the West Bank the United Nations says
an average of seven attacks a day have
been registered since the beginning of
the war between Israel and Hamas most of
them are committed by Jewish settlers
who don't want Palestinian Farmers to
get close to their settlements here we
are talking about 4,000 Acres of olive
Groves that we are unable to harvest
lefy shalabi is the mayor of turmos a a
Palestinian Village that depends almost
entirely on the olive oil production he
says that at least 60% of all olive
trees here won't be Harvest because the
attacks have become too constant and two
[Music]
violence we have a lot of olive trees up
there but we can't go there they closed
everything this is a good example what
happens to the farmers here in the West
Bank all the trees are full of Olives
but people here they're too afraid to
come and harvest them because as you can
see up there and all around are Jewish
sat
the Palestinian Farmers Union says that
production this year will fall by at
least 60% both due to the attacks and
because the climate is changing here
110,000 families depend directly on the
olive growes only in the West Bank our
estimations as a union and we the
largest Union in West Bank you know for
Farmers between 50 to 55% of Palestinian
farmers will be unable to harvest all of
production is the largest sector in the
agriculture industry in the West Bank
last year Farmers earned more than 120
million selling their olives and
producing oil from it this year there
will be less money for them y v news
souit the West
Bank