[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
e
for
Israel
[Music]
to
we're also deeply concerned by the dire
and worsening humanitarian crisis in
Gaza Canada is calling for unimpeded
humanitarian access and a humanitarian
Corridor so that essential Aid like food
Fuel and water can be delivered to
civilians in Gaza it is imperative that
this
happens
[Music]
Canada has committed an initial $10
million in humanitarian assistance to
provide Essentials like food Water
emergency medical Aid and protection
assistance to those affected by the
crisis in Gaza the West Bank and Israel
and I want to be clear none of this Aid
is going to
Hamas
[Music]
Hamas is a
sadistic
criminal terrorist death cult and it
must be
defeated indeed Israel does have the
right to defend it itself in accordance
with international law and it has the
right to respond just as Canadians would
respond if an attack of this type were
carried out against our people or on our
[Music]
soil
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
oh
[Music]
[Music]
banned refugees from Syria I banned
refugees from Somalia very dangerous
places and from all of the most
dangerous places all over the world I
banned them I said I'm
sorry and in my second term we're going
to expand each and every one of those
bands because we have no choice some
very rough people some very very rough
people come out of those areas they want
to blow up our country we aren't
bringing in anyone from Gaza Syria
Somalia Yemen or Libya or anywhere else
that threatens our security but I I will
say this tremendous numbers of people
are pouring into our country right now
we have open borders it's the stupidest
thing anyone's ever
seen next we'll Implement strong
ideological screening of all immigrants
to the United States no longer will we
allow dangerous lunatics haters bigots
and Maniacs to get residency in our
country we're not going to let them stay
here we're not going to let we're going
to have the largest deportation effort
in
history and people say oh that's so mean
but I think meaner is when you have
thousands of people being killed all
over it's uh it's one of those
[Music]
things