and as Israel orders complete Seas of
Gaza it has also been bombing the area
of Rafa border crossing between Gaza and
Egypt and as for the reports the Border
has been hit at least three times in the
last 24 hours and it has disrupted the
operations at The Crossings right now
well Rafa is the only possible Crossing
Point into Egypt saai Peninsula the rest
of the densely populated Gaza Strip is
surrounded by the sea to the west and
Israel to the North and the east that
means that the only way out for gazin is
to flee to Egypt in the South as for the
reports citing Egypt and gazen officials
the strikes forc a partial closure of
the border on Monday the force trucks
carrying Fuel and goods for the
Palestinian territory to pull
[Music]
back
[Music]
is
The Crossing is now reportedly open for
humanitarian purpose though the Israeli
Defense Forces said on Tuesday that it
hit an underground tunnel for smuggling
weapons and equipment in the Rafa area
but it did not confirm or deny hitting
the crossing itself meanwhile Egypt
being wary of a crisis spillover is now
moving to prevent a mass Exodus from the
Gaza Strip into its saai Peninsula it
has urged Israel to provide safe passage
for the civilians rather than
encouraging them to flee to the
peninsula Egyptian president Abdel fat
CCE has expressed concern that the
escalation in Gaza is highly dangerous
and it will not allow the issue to be
settled at the expense of others he said
that Egypt was pursuing a negotiated
solution to the violence with regional
and international Partners well Egypt is
the first Arab country to make peace
with is Israel and it has mediated
between Israel and Palestinian factions
during previous conflicts as well
meanwhile Israeli Defense Forces have
clarified that there is no official call
by Israel for residents of the Gaza
Strip to exit into Egypt and that it has
been instructing the population inside
the Gaza Strip to distance themselves
from designated
areas she
[Music]
sh