the bribery prosecution against Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has
begun and one of the witnesses giving
testimony is not someone we would
normally expect Hollywood producer Arnon
milcon
known for producing Blockbuster films
like Pretty Woman lack of Financial and
Mr and Mrs Smith is one of the
testifiers in this case the trial is
being held in Jerusalem which is
expected to last several days however
the 70 80 year old producer testified
via video conference in a hotel room
from Brighton England the trial known as
case 1000 accuses Netanyahu of receiving
gifts worth over two hundred thousand
dollars from Milken and an Australian
industrialist now according to reports
the line of gifts included expensive
Cuban made cigars champagne and luxury
coats according to Associated Press
Netanyahu had also pushed for
legislations that would benefit milkan
save millions in tax benefits National
is also accused of helping Milken with
his business interests and urging U.S
officials to extend the producer's
American residency permit however the
Israeli Prime Minister has denied any
wrongdoing in this case on the other
hand hundreds of Israeli experts
gathered outside Milton's hotel room in
Brighton to protest against Israeli
government's plan to introduce new
judicial reforms since forming a
coalition government in December last
year the prime minister of Israel had
Advanced a slew of judicial reforms that
would allow the government the powers to
appoint judges that allahu's corruption
trial and the plans to remodel the
Judiciary has ignited my Civ protests
across Israel in recent weeks the
coalition government claims the goal of
the reform is to balance the powers of
government and legislature while the
opposition has voiced that even knocked
it it will result in a national disaster
Leon is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move
[Music]