on the first day of the two-day
ceasefire extension Hamas has released
12 hostages including 10 Israelis and
Israeli media Reports say the two sides
could agree to extend the pause by a
further two days our e has the
latest on the first day of the two-day
extended ceasefire on Tuesday Hamas
released 12 more hostages including 10
Israelis and two Tha Nationals according
to the international committee of the r
cross it successfully facilitated the
release and transfer of 12 hostages out
of Gaza via the Rafa Crossing with Egypt
in exchange 30 Palestinians were
released from Israeli prisons including
15 women and 15 miners Accord to Israeli
media Outlets including haret and The
Times of Israel on Tuesday Israel and
Hamas could potentially agree to extend
the ceasefire by a further two days to
December 2nd the reports indicate that
the two sides could agree to an
extension under the same conditions as
the existing deal Israeli authorities
have not confirmed the report but said
that they reviewing the matter and amid
raised hopes of a continued pause in
fighting Israel reported clashes between
its military and the Palestinian
militant group according to the Israel
Defense Forces troops were injured in an
attack by Hamas in Northern Gaza the IDF
said that three explosives were
detonated in two locations in the
northern Gaza Strip which constitut a
violation of the ceasefire agreement
however Hamas countered that the IDF
violated the ceasefire agreement first
adding that The Clash was a response to
a clear violation of the ceasefire
agreement meanwhile small quantities of
fuel have arrived in Northern Gaza
according to the United Nations office
for the coordination of humanitarian
Affairs on Tuesday other relief supplies
supported by International organizations
including water ready to eat food and
medical supplies also began AR driving
in the northern part of the Gaza Strip
however International relief
organizations point out that the current
supply of Aid entering the Gaza Strip
falls short of what is needed E adang
news