war between Israel and Hamas the White
House says negotiations are underway for
another temporary ceasefire and the
release of more hostages as gaza's
health Ministry which is run by Hamas is
reporting that the death toll has
surpassed 20,000 our foreign
correspondent Britt clinet is in Israel
for us good morning
Brit good morning Robin yeah new air
strikes in Gaza sending the death toll
higher the who now saying that a child
is killed every 10
minutes my God this
morning oh my God civilians and
journalists caught in an Israeli air
strike and as the war near its 12th week
a grim milestone in Gaza 20,000 killed
according to the Hamas run Health
Ministry we are just collateral damage
ARA naif is a mother of two forced to
evacuate five times already since the
start of the war there is no one single
place where you can say here it's a
secure place where I can sleep the night
it is worse every every day it's getting
worse every day but the war unlikely to
end soon in
Beirut a senior Hamas leader saying
there's no hostage deal without a
ceasefire one of those released hostages
returning to his home on Kuts ber
Wednesday recalling his nightmare the
last thing I remember is been carried
away and theal my girlfriend say I love
you house by house charred out painful
reminders of the horrors committed that
day as pressure intensifies on the
government to bring the rest of the
hostages
home the White House says serious
negotiations are underway but Hamas
telling us that the latest round of
talks in Egypt ended without results
Michael all right Brit thank you and
please be
safe hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for watching