Jordan's Air Force intercepted and shot
down dozens of Iranian drones that
violated its airspace and were heading
to Israel Jordan neighbors sria and Iraq
both countries where Iranian proxy
forces operate and also is next door to
Israel and the West Bank here's a look
at the West Asian Nations ties with
Israel Jordan downed Irani military
platforms aimed at Israel and described
its action as self-defense the Israeli
military released a map showing missiles
traveling through the airspace of Jordan
and Saudi Arabia US President Joe Biden
spoke with Jordan's King Abdullah on
Sunday in an interview with Al mamlaka
State television foreign minister Aman
alsafadi said if danger came from Israel
Jordan would take the same action as per
the Chicago Council on global affairs
Jordan has a deep history of allyship
with the west and it has cooperated with
Israel on several notable occasions
Jordan signed an arms with Israel in
1949 that ended the first Arab Israeli
War in 1994 it became just the second
country in West Asia to begin official
diplomatic relations with Israel the
peace treaty that launched that
diplomacy is considered one of the few
successes of the Peace talks between
Israel and its neighbors in the 1990s
while Jordan was one of the first
countries to have official diplomatic
relations with Israel it did not sign
onto the US late Abraham Accords in
2020 like most West Asian countries
Jordan supports the creation of a
Palestinian State because of this
jordanians worry the Israel Hamas war
and violence in the West Bank will lead
to a forced permanent expans of
Palestinians they feel such a scenario
might end any chance of an independent
Palestine such an expulsion would also
send an influx of refugees into Jordan
which the nation has stated it will not
accept Jordan's King Abdullah II has
pushed back on accepting any Palestinian
refugees saying no refugees in Jordan no
refugees in Egypt Jordan has long been
considered one of the most stable
countries in West Asia the United Nation
population fund still defines the
country as a steady force in the region
stating Jordan has a reputation for
dynamism moderation and peace
brokering for all the latest news
download the weon app And subscribe to
our YouTube channel