this is the south of Gaza where Israelis
have urged Palestinians to move saying
they'll be
safer not here not
now in harun an Israeli air strike
leveled an entire block of
buildings my mother my sister and
another relative was in the street says
this distraught woman I was working but
my sister was here my sister she says is
here
the crossgar hospitals say they're at
Breaking
Point a British surgeon working with a
Red Cross in southern Gaza sent us this
update still Relentless still
bombardment every night one very close
uh halfast one this morning that
whistled over the top of the building
we're in uh still patients arriving
still inundated with with um internally
displaced
people so not really getting any better
further north Palestinian doctors
release pictures inside hospitals they
say have run out of fuel to operate
generators and a photo of newborn babies
in danger of dying they
say Palestinian officials claim three
have now lost their lives because of the
loss of
power a few days ago Israel again ruled
out letting fuel into Gaza its prime
minister here out meeting Israeli troops
now had this to say to American
television on the contrary we offered
actually uh last night to give them uh
enough fuel to operate the hospital
operate the incubators and so on because
we have we have obviously no battle with
patients or with civilians at all uh and
I think every civilian death every dead
baby is a tragedy but that tragedy
should be placed squarely at the
responsibility of Hamas that is keeping
its military installations inside
hospitals the Israeli military says this
footage shows soldiers delivering fuel
to alifa hospital gaza's
biggest they claim Hamas ordered the
hospital not to accept the fuel we
cannot verify those claims Israel's
released more pictures of an offensive
it says won't
end until all the hostages held in Gaza
are
released but Hamas has now suspended all
hostage negotiations in protest at
what's happening in gaza's hospitals
Dominic waghorn Sky News Southern
Israel