[Music]
d'vorah leem lives in Tel Aviv and when
her granddaughter Romy gonan was
kidnapped by Hamas fighters on October
7th the 87-year-old decided to take a
stand she chose to Mark the Jewish
Festival of Hanukkah protesting outside
the homes of Israeli government leaders
demanding they take action and bring
Romy
home from the first day of Hanukkah I
decided that I will not light a candle
and I'm going to stand in front of the
homes of members of the government those
who sit in cabinet and I'm asking them I
do not like candles and I want you to
make sure to bring back my granddaughter
and bring back the other hostages so
that we can be happy and we can
celebrate Hanukkah
properly on the second night of Hanukkah
she confronted defense minister yav
Galant on the third night she was
embraced by Minister Benny G it's been
more than 2 months since Hamas Fighters
launched the surprise attack on Israeli
communities killing 1200 people and
taking 240 people captive Romy Gan was
at the Nova Music Festival when
militants stormed in firing machine guns
and
Rockets she was in the car and they were
shot at the driver was shot at and the
person sitting behind the driver who was
a good friend of my granddaughters they
died on the spot it was an RPG and the
guy who was sitting next to the driver
and my granddaughter who was sitting
behind him were injured she was on the
phone the whole time with my daughter
and she said to her mom mom I'm injured
I have a hemorrhage and I'm going to die
here is a piece of that final phone call
her mother can be heard reassuring her
daughter all would be well
me
[Music]
then there was a break in the
conversation and we heard two Arabs
talking to each other whether to kill
her or take her they decided to take her
because she was still breathing they
took her and after a few moments she
says Hi Mom that's it and we haven't
heard
anymore hi m Emma more than 100 hostages
were released over the course of a 7-Day
ceasefire Romy was not among them her
grandmother holds out hope they will
still be
reunited I talk to Romy all day she's
always in my heart I can't do anything I
can't read I can't go for a walk I can't
do anything only RI and
r