now on the front lines Israel is engaged
in intense military operations in Gaza
but within the country there is a
different War brewing a political one
and in the eye of this storm is Benin
Netanyahu with just over a year in
office Israel's prime minister is facing
a growing wave of descent the weekend
saw thousands of Israelis take to the
streets in Tel Aviv the demonstrators
call for fresh elections they accus
Netanyahu of mishandling Israel's
National Security and inaction on the
hostage situation by not prioritizing
the safety of the
captives the public outcry over hostages
still in Gaza continues to
intensify in the latest development
Netanyahu rejected a hostage deal that
Hamas offered saying that the deal was
not good enough now the longer Israel
hostages remain in Gaza The Descent over
government inaction is bound to grow
louder
Netanyahu is not fairing too well within
the government
either a key leader netanyahu's War
cabinet hinted at Fresh elections while
accusing the prime minister of lying
about military goals in Gaza the latest
comments come amid netanyahu's power
tussle with defense minister yuav
Gallant tensions between the two leaders
have reportedly reached Tipping Point
according to Israeli website Gallant
attempted to storm into netanyahu's
office the defense minister was
allegedly hard warning the Prime
Minister and I'm quoting here that next
time he will come with the Golani
Brigade a celebrated infantry unit of
the Israel
army now this will not be the first face
off between Israel's two most important
leaders the rift between Netanyahu and
Gallant has been growing since the War
Began last
October now with polls citing that only
15% favor Netanyahu as Israel's prime
minister netanyahu's hold on his
government only grows weaker Amed the
loud calls for
[Music]
elections