so I do think we need our Israeli
partners and they are our partners um to
go at when the if if the violence starts
again and I hope that we can keep this
pause going as long as possible to get
as many of these hostages out as
possible uh that there are some
constraints because Israel has been
losing the hearts and minds of people
not only in the region but around the
world um one of the things that I would
strongly urge our Israeli Partners is to
release some of the funds that go to the
Palestinian Authority I've been worried
even in advance of October 7th that you
could have the Palestinian Security
Services simply all quit on the West
Bank and you would have chaos at an
unprecedented level and a second front
start on this war and the fact that none
of those funds and none of these people
have been paid since October 7th uh is
is a real challenge that would be a sign
of good faith I think from Israel and I
do think I was not at the meeting last
night with the the IDF uh leadership um
but how they execute and I understand
eliminating the leadership of Hamas but
how they can execute in the South when
they've told uh over a million
Palestinians plus from the north to go
to the South um is going to be a huge
Challenge and it's the it's the tax
revenues which are supposed to be theirs
which is being held up because they get
transferred from Israel to the West Bank
and the West Bank is not on not in flame
yet but there have been plenty of
indicators that it could be um you're
right and just can I just make can I
make just one other quick point there is
one of the things that was that was the
fact is as reservists were called up the
vast majority of the reservists who are
now serving in the West Bank are settler
families and you know I think the
Israeli government has taken small steps
but I think they take even need to take
more steps to make sure there is not
unmitigated settler violence and the IDF
turning a blind eye to some of the
violence against um West Bank
Palestinians