Israeli forces have now reached the
heart of the southern city of Kan yunes
prime minister Benin Nano says the
Israel Defense Forces should retain
control of the region for the
disarmament of Gaza after the war are
eer us
off the Israel Defense Forces on Tuesday
reached Southern gaza's main city of K
Yunis marking what they called the most
intense day of combat in five weeks of
ground operations against Hamas backed
by war planes and tanks the IDF reached
the Heart of the City where many
Palestinians who fled since the start of
the armed conflict are now situated
according to the chief of Israel's
general staff Israeli forces have
secured many Hamas strongholds in the
northern gona strip and are now
operating against the strongholds in the
South meanwhile Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu stressed that the
Israel Defense Forces should retain
control of the region following the
disarmament of Gaza and the end of the
war shooting down any notion that an
international Force could be responsible
for security in the Gaza
Strip I want to say a word about the day
after Hamas Gaza needs to be
demilitarized but in order for Gaza to
be demilitarized there's just one force
that can demilitarize it and that power
is the IDF no International force can be
responsible for that we saw in other
places what happened when they brought
in international forces to demilitarize
them I am not willing to close my eyes
and accept any other
arrangement gaza's Health Ministry says
the death toll among Palestinians since
the start of the armed conflict has now
surpassed 16,000 with some 40,000 others
injured with the dire situation in Gaza
the World Health Organization appealed
for protection for the health system
against further attacks the UN health
agency says with more civilians in
southern Gaza receiving immediate
evacuation orders and being forced to
move more people are being concentrated
into smaller areas while the remaining
hospitals in those areas run without
sufficient fuel medicine food water or
protection from health workers it added
that the number of functioning hospitals
in the Gaza Strip has dropped from 36 to
18 which some treating two to three
times more patients than they were
designed
for news