in Gaza City these survivors clamber
their way through the rubble desperate
to get to safety but unsure where to go
their neighborhood was just hit by an
Israeli missile their home and
everything they owned is now
gone is it's a terrifying thing a
frightening thing people were killed
inside their homes it wasn't only one or
two homes or 10 or 20 it was a large
number of homes that were targeted in
another part of the city three
residential buildings were given 10
minutes to vac uate their residents due
to a coming air strike but seconds later
a missile hit without
warning I believed that the bombing was
headed in our Direction I looked around
and realized that within seconds there
was no building or children my children
were standing next to me I was telling
them to cross the street and within
seconds they were
gone Israel war planes continue to
hammer the Gaza Strip in retaliation to
hamas's surprise attack on is Israel on
Saturday according to the un's
humanitarian agency over 180,000
Palestinians are taking refuge in United
Nations shelters Across The Enclave
other residents fled to the local alifa
hospital hoping they can avoid air
strikes
there we were running from a car to a
hospital to a street one person told us
we can stay with them then they got hit
by an air strike another person said the
same thing and then they got targeted
I'm in the street now tell me where's
should I
go the strip Remains blockaded by the
Israeli army with no access to
electricity water nor gas and food and
fuel supplies completely cut off NOS
located inside The Enclave are providing
medical treatment to Residents but their
stocks are running low prompting the
World Health Organization to call for
humanitarian Corridor into Gaza to help
patients in desperate need of medical
supplies