Israeli forces exchanged fire with
Palestinian militants in the West Bank
on Saturday it was the second day of
raid that left at least two people dead
and this is according to the Palestinian
Health Ministry Israeli forces launched
the raid on the N Shams area near the
city of taram the Israeli Army released
a video that it claimed showed its
operation in the area the Israeli
military said that at least 10 of the
militants were killed and eight wanted
suspects were arrested eight soldiers
and a border police officer were wounded
in fired exchanges the tulam brigades
group includes militants from numerous
Palestinian factions at least three
drones were seen hovering above n Shams
where the Israeli military vehicles were
masked and bursts of gunfire were heard
the area houses 1948 War refugees and
their
descendence Reports say that the US is
poised to impose sanctions against the
idf's nza yahuda Battalion for alleged
human rights abuses against Palestinians
in the West Bank and this would be the
first time that the US has ever taken
such a step Israel's military offensive
in the Gaza Strip has killed at least
34,000 Palestinians and wounded 76,000
since October 7th the Palestinian
enclaves Health Ministry said on
Saturday 37 Palestinians have been
killed and 68 injured in the past 24
hours hundreds of Palestinians marched
in a funeral procession carrying the
bodies of the two men killed in the
settler attack on the village of akraba
in the West Bank according to the mayor
of akraba some 50 armed settlers
attacked members of his community and
fired at the Palestinian youth killing
two of them and wounding
others now the Israeli military said it
was looking into the incident over the
past weekend hundreds of armed Jewish
settlers have raided Palestinian
Villages near the city of ramaa blocking
roads setting houses and cars of Blaze
and firing other the civilians and
Medics there Israeli officials say that
the escalation began after a 14-year-old
Israeli went missing in the West Bank
his body was discovered on Saturday in
what Israel said was a suspected
militant attack the US state department
condemned the killing of the Israeli
teen and also said it was increasingly
concerned by violence against
Palestinians in the West Bank
[Music]