this footage shows an Israeli air strike
hitting a Target on the Lebanese border
a response to missiles fired by
Hezbollah at Israeli targets and a
northern border Village in recent days
sporadic fire across the Israel Lebanon
border has killed and wounded several on
both sides and has sparked fears that
fighting with Hamas militants in Gaza
could escalate into a broader
conflict Israel and Lebanon share a 130
km long border dozens of tanks and
troops have been sent to the area by the
Israeli army soldiers inspect the houses
closest to the Border where civilians
have been told to evacuate on the
Lebanese side the islamist militia has
between 20,000 and 50,000 Fighters
according to experts as well as around
150,000 missiles they have many battle
hardened um you know terrorists within
their organization based on their
experiences in supporting the Syrian
Civil War but they've had significant
opportunity to test
invalidate some of their weapon
capabilities that they current that
currently reside on Saturday Iran's
foreign minister met with hamas's leader
in Qatar and said that no one can
guarantee the control of the situation
if Israel invades
Gaza but both Iran and Hezbollah have a
lot to lose According to some
experts hezbollah's goal is to remain
powerful in a very complicated economic
situation in Lebanon Hezbollah is a key
political and Military play it knows
very well that Israeli retaliation would
be terrible and it risk losing
everything France has urged Hezbollah
not to get involved in the conflict the
US meanwhile is trying to deter
Hezbollah from becoming embroiled in the
Fighting by sending a second aircraft
carrier to the Eastern Mediterranean