now US President Joe Biden arrived a
short while ago in Tel Aviv to kick off
an extraordinarily high stakes trip to
Israel but this comes amidst protests
following the deadly explosion that took
place at a Gaza hospital as Israeli and
Palestinian officials are trading
accusations over who is to blame for the
hospital blast in which 500 people have
died so uh day after a massive massive
tragedy in the Israel Gaza War uh the US
president there arriving in Israel in t
Aviv hugging Benjamin Netanyahu now this
blast marks a dangerous new phase in the
war with Hamas which threatens to spill
over regionally with his visit Joe Biden
has sought to demonstrate his stor
support for Israel as it works to
eliminate Hamas while also pressing for
ways to ease the humanitarian suffering
in Gaza protests however have erupted
today across Arab countries after the
explosion which has killed hundreds of
people in a Gaza Hospital Palestinian
officials are blaming Israel which said
that the blast was caused by an Islamic
Jihad rocket Islamic Jihad is another uh
group that works in Gaza and in the
region uh so Israel blaming them for
this uh blast that took place in the
hospital in which at least 500 people
have died the Israeli military however
provided what it claimed was or and
Visual Evidence ruling out that it was
an Israeli air strike on the facility so
back and forth this blame is going on
even as 500 people have died protests
erupting across the Arab countries and
North Africa as well some countries
there there have been protests outside
UK and US embassies uh in in in these in
some of these countries and the Hamas as
we said has denied it the allegation
that it was responsible for the blast in
the hospital