well there is anger on the streets of
Israel as frustrated demonstrators call
on prime minister Benin Nathan yahu to
do more to get the hostages out of Gaza
in Israel Tela and nearby towns were
rocked by Massive demonstrations where
people in thousands hit the streets they
was their demands or fresh deal for
hostage release and Na's AER from the
office
[Music]
[Music]
a separate demonstration by hundreds of
Israelis was staged against the
government at T aviv's habima square and
outside the Israeli defense Ministry
compound the demonstrators also sang the
national anthem at the habima
[Music]
square
came here tonight to keep fighting for
the release of my brother and the rest
of
135 uh
hostages uh like every Saturday like
every day we want them back my brother
has a 2-year-old son who lost his mother
and is waiting for a hug from his father
for 127 days most of us here at hostage
Square just want a hostage deal we want
our people to come home we feel that no
price is too
high meanwhile in the Israeli town of
casera hundreds of demonstrators marched
towards prime minister Nathan yah's
private residence they shouted slogans
calling for Nathan yah's resignation
some also carried a banner that read and
I'm quoting here the guilty one is
here
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
in kafer Saba thousands gathered and
demonstrated against what they called
prime minister Nathan Yahoo's governance
failure in bringing the hostages home
the chorus for prime minister nathany
AER and fresh elections is growing
across Israel as the war has been
continuing for more than 120 days with
no signs of mediation or a new hostage
deal since the temporary truce that took
place in November last year according to
the Israeli authorities more than 100
hostages are still under the hamas's
Captivity while gaza's Health Ministry
says over 28,000 Palestinians have been
killed including children and women due
to the fullscale war between the Israeli
armed forces and Hamas
[Music]
militants