now Israeli Defense Forces pressing into
Gaza are forced to contend with a
sophisticated Maze of underground
tunnels and bunkers constructed over
several decades by Hamas military
experts call the tunnels a formidable
defense system that would be incredibly
costly for Israeli troops to neutralize
even after several weeks of heavy
bombardment targeting the network here's
all you need to know gaza's roughly 2.3
million Palestinian inhabitants have
been living under an Israeli blockage
since 2007 it's overcrowded narrow web
of streets is doubled underground by a
defense tunnel Network known to Israeli
troops as the Gaza Metro now gaza's 14
km border with Egypt was once boded
under the under with hundreds of tunnels
used to smuggle Fighters weapons and
other
Contraband although many have now been
destroyed but since 2014 Hamas has been
digging underground Pathways to get
around territory it's controls and some
tunnels are as deep as 100 to 130 ft
below ground allowing militants to
change positions away from danger of
strikes rocket batteries hidden just a
few meters beneath the surface can be
uncovered with a with a trapo just for
the time it takes to fire a salvo now
Israel's Army and intelligence are
certain to know about a portion of the
network and barded it heavily in
2021 however other parts remain
secret Hamas knows its tunnels by heart
and some are probably trapped
underground fighting is handing a
tactical advantage to the Hamas
Defenders and their leadership on the
other hand hamas's tunnel Advantage
could also turn out to be a trap and
when tunnels are found they can be
closed off to shut the people inside and
in this case the order is likely to be
for No Quarter to be
[Music]
given