on to our next story in our talks on
reviving the 2015 iran nuclear deal are
expected to resume today although it
appears more unlikely than ever that the
talks will lead to any breakthrough yet
the next few days we'll see a last
chance at the diplomatic push washington
has warned that it will not let tehran
block negotiations for much longer while
developing its nuclear program
however america has not yet laid out an
ultimatum and amid uncertainty over
iran's return to the nuclear deal u.s
and israeli defense chiefs are expected
to discuss possible military exercises
the report was first shared by news
agency reuters according to a senior u.s
official the troll would prepare for a
worst-case scenario to destroy iran's
nuclear facilities this is in case
diplomacy fails and if american and
israeli leaders request it
the u.s official declined to offer
details on the potential military
exercises the u.s israeli preparations
underscore western concern about
difficult nuclear talks with iran
the scheduled talks between jake
sullivan and israeli defense minister
benny ganz follow a briefing by pentagon
to the national security adviser
jake sullivan was briefed about the full
set of military options available to
ensure that iran would not be able to
produce a nuclear weapon while israel is
not a part of the talks it is a main
player in opposing nuclear weaponization
u.s officials have long worried about
america's ability to detect and destroy
iran's nuclear weaponization program
that's where israel comes into the
picture
israel has carried out three major
operations over the last 18 months
against iran's nuclear sites that
complete destruction of iran's nuclear
sites is challenging
iran's nuclear program is made up of a
number of nuclear facilities it includes
nuclear reactors and various nuclear
fuel cycle facilities key nuclear sites
in iran our heavy water reactor and
production plant iraq nuclear power
station in bashar uraniamine inga chin
and uranium
conversion plant in isfahan and the
iranian enrichment plants in natanz and
palm
we must note that iran nuclear sites are
active
if they are hit by bombs they will be a
human impact and this makes a very good
reason for not striking the nuclear
sites
we are now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move