Israeli forces killed more than a dozen
Palestinians during an extended raid in
the West Bank according to Palestinian
authorities on Saturday it's one of the
occupied area's heaviest casualties in
months amid a recent surge in violence
the Israeli Army released video said to
show its operations during the raid
which began in the early hours of Friday
in the nurs area near the flash point
city of tolam it said a number of
militants were killed or arrested during
the raid with at least four Israeli
soldiers wounded Reuters was not able to
independently confirm the date or
location of the footage burs of gunfire
could be heard in Nur Shams as the
fighting went on well into Saturday it's
an Area Housing refugees and their
descendants from the 1948 war that
accompanied the creation of the state of
Israel this resident described the
situation there as Gaza number two
saying the camp was destroyed and
uninhabitable the war in Gaza has over
shadowed continuing violence in the West
Bank it includes regular Israeli Army
raids on areas said to Harbor militant
groups Rampages by Jewish settlers in
Palestinian Villages and Street attacks
by Palestinians on Israelis but the
conflict there stepped up about a week
ago after an Israeli teenager when
missing in the West Bank according to
Israeli authorities as people searched
for the boy overnight Jewish settlers
entered a nearby Palestinian Village and
set houses and cars a blaz
his body was discovered the next day in
what Israel said was a suspected
militant attack the US state department
condemned the killing of the Israeli
teen but also said it was increasingly
concerned by violence against
Palestinians in the West Bank separately
on Saturday Palestinian officials said
an ambulance driver was killed by
Israeli gunfire as he was making his way
to people injured during a settler
attack on the village of
alawiya while hundreds of Palestinians
marched in a funeral process ession for
two men said to be killed during another
attack by settlers on Monday on a
village called akraba the Palestine red
Cresent Society said Israeli soldiers
blocked its ambulances from reaching the
area Israel's military did not
immediately comment on the ambulance
driver's death on Saturday it earlier
said it was looking into the akraba
incident for