[Music]
let's get more on this Bjorn Benner is a
lecturer at the Swedish Defense
University as well as the author of the
book Gaza under Hamas he joins us now
from nice in Paris Bureau and thank you
very much for joining us now let's start
off with this are the Palestinians going
to look at this as sort of a fair
solution or just go or another way of
them trying to control the or Israel
trying to control them
well of course this is the big question
of today and ultimately it will not be
answered until becoming Friday prayers
but looking at it from a technical point
of view of course these cameras are more
intrusive to to personal integrity than
just metal detectors so
we will see what what happens and as we
speak now the Palestinian and really
this the political and religious
Palestinian leadership they are
discussing this and how to respond to
this so when we see what happens during
the day ending this week you're saying
you're saying that we will see what
happens but in your opinion do you think
this crisis has been averted and if so
has it been averted with minimal damage
well I from what I read from the Israeli
side and what's being said and Israeli
side they believe that this crisis now
in the tensions have been defused and
this crisis has been
disarmed so to say that this is not at
all certain and as I said before from
the Palestinian side this could very
well be perceived as still intrusive and
is still a change to the situation
allows compound so we
will see how how the East Jerusalem i'ts
and the the Muslims in the Arab world
how they will react to this okay beyond
one more question for you now Israeli
politicians in charge have have made a
decision what role do religious leaders
now play
listen a display of Australia of course
and it's important to mention
during the past days the Palestinian
religious leaders have called for praise
outside the old city but at the same
time peaceful
protests and peaceful prayers and as far
as I know this is what what this is is
what they only have what has been
continued so so also it remains to be
seen if if this also changes in some way
all right Purim better joining us live
from nice and nice thank you very much
[Music]