now following the outbreak of violence
between Israel and Hamas over the
weekend which left over a thousand dead
Global attention is turning to the
possible impact on the global economy
oil prices have already shot up amid the
uncertainty in the Middle East Wan has
the
details the violence in Israel and Gaza
over the weekend has sparked concern
among the International Community about
the possible ramifications of a larger
conflict in the Middle East Palestinian
militant group Hamas launched a series
of attacks at Israel on Saturday killing
over 700 people and taking others
hostage of these more than 260 deaths
were from a festival near the Gaza Strip
with 3,000 people in attendance to
celebrate the Jewish Festival of sukut
in retaliation Israel launched air
strikes against Targets in the Gaza
Strip with the Israeli government forly
declaring war to take Mighty Vengeance
on Hamas the Israeli ambassador to the
United Nations condemned the Hamas
attacks in his address to their security
council meeting on Sunday what we are
witnessing are war crimes blatant
barbaric war crimes slaughtering
civilians abusing hostages taking babies
from their Ruth from their mothers there
are no words to describe such savagery
countries around the world are
responding to the conflict by ensuring
the safety of their Nationals and some
are showing support for Israel the
United Nations 's pledged military ships
and fighter aircraft squadrons to the
region and Germany's lawmakers are
discussing whether to Halt development
projects in the region in the wake of
the attacks others are weighing the
possible economic risks that come with a
war in the region oil prices jumped by
more than $3 us a barrel in Asian trade
on Monday breaking the downtrend of oil
prices last week which has seen the
biggest decline since March the attacks
pose a threat to the US backed attempts
at normalization of Saudi Arabia Israel
relations which would have raised oil
output and the possibility of Iran also
getting involved in the conflict has
raised alarm for oil prices which have
already been affected by the war in
Ukraine news