for Seagal Cohen the nightmare began on
Saturday morning when she heard that war
had broken out her first thoughts were
about her son 27-year-old Elia I know
that he's going to the party with his
friend girlfriend but I don't I didn't
know where is the
party the party an all night Music and
Dance Festival in the desert near the
Gaza border attended by thousands of
young people as Dawn broke fighters from
Gaza appeared in pickup trucks and
motorbikes and began shooting more than
200 people were killed many wounded and
others taken
captive the partygoers ran for their
lives Elia Cohen was wounded then
captured a picture of him purportedly in
a Gaza Hospital emerged later on social
media it's very difficult to me
to to think about it it's very difficult
to me
to eat to to drink to sleep I always
thinking where is
he what happened to
him is he
okay elia's girlfriend Zea said Ilia got
taken we really tried to hold each other
and suddenly I heard someone screaming
shouting at him then this man grabbed
him and he pulled him away from me we
hands tightly but then I lost
him she managed to flee but says it was
a terrifying and gruesome
experience dead people's bodies were
falling on me and I thought to myself
they basically saving my life the dead
bodies protected me from the
shooting Israel is now positioning
hundreds of thousands of soldiers around
Gaza if a ground invasion of Gaza
happens the captives could be inra
danger but Seagal Cen is thinking about
only one thing right now my son is there
and I want he want him to come back
healthy and
Alive a mother weeps as a bitter War
rages Rob Reynolds Al jazer in South
Israel near the border with Gaza