ensuring customers drive away with that
brand new car look would be impossible
without water
this summer during the pandemic the use
of water has increased 15 percent in the
occupied west bank and created what the
palestinian water authority says is its
worst crisis ever
the water keeps cutting off it
interrupts our work and costs us money
palestinians are being forced to buy
water from israel at a price three times
higher than what they typically pay
according to the palestinian water
authority
director general adelucine says there's
plenty of water in the west bank to meet
the needs of palestinians but israel
controls 85 percent of its resources
that includes the distribution quantity
and location of wells he says the last
time a construction of a new working
well was approved was 15 years ago
it is not natural crisis it is man
man medical as it is by docubation and
and if you look at the same area here
here we have a shortage of water while
in the in the settlement here
10 kilometers from here they have a lot
of water to add to the problem the
united states the biggest donor in the
past for water projects hasn't provided
money since 2016.
an israeli security source says israel
has no reason to present obstacles to
palestinians access to water
the civil administration that oversees
the palestinian territory says it has
made major investments in infrastructure
and there are plans to significantly
increase the amount of water provided to
the palestinian population in the coming
years
but the arab industrial company says it
needs water now to make liquid soap
laundry detergent and shampoo
it's the worst year water is the soul of
this factory we can't do without it last
week even the reserve tanks were empty
for the first time and we had to send
workers home
that may not be the last time the water
authority says unless there's a drastic
change in israeli policy palestinians
will continue to struggle with their
basic human right to access water
natasha name al jazeera in the occupied
west bank