as Israel continued to pound the Gaza
Strip on Tuesday US Secretary of State
Anthony blinken Held longer than planned
meetings in Tel Aviv with Israeli
leaders including prime minister
Benjamin
Netanyahu blinkin said Palestinian
civilians displaced by the war must be
allowed to return to their homes as
Israel's campaign moves to a lower
intensity phase in Northern Gaza and as
the IDF scales down its forces there
we agreed today on a plan for the UN to
carry out an assessment Mission uh it
will determine what needs to be done to
allow displaced pal Palestinians to
return safely to homes in the
North Lincoln said Hamas may have left
unexploded bombs and that there are
other security and logistical concerns
before Palestinians who were told to
flee South can return home
safely displaced gazans in K Yunis on
Tuesday asked blink to support their
return to their homes in the north of
The Enclave one woman said
this my message to the US Secretary of
State blinkin get us back home to
Northern Gaza even if to a tent it's
better than here because we are
suffering it's been 3 months we are
staying here it's better to go back home
blink said he told Israeli leaders the
civilian death toll in Gaza is still
much too high asked why the United
States does not oblige Israel to agree
to a cease fire blinken had this to say
we want this war to end as soon as
possible um there's been far too much
loss of life far too much suffering
uh but it's vital that Israel achieve
its very legitimate objectives of
ensuring that October 7th can never
happen again one analyst told vaa this
goal stated by Israel is too vague
Israel's no closer to achieving that
goal in large part
because we don't know what it looks like
um and Hamas still has the ability to
launch rockets they are still putting up
a fight on the
ground um and so the question for the
administration is how much of a human
cost is too high the Hamas ran Gaza
Health Ministry says more than 23,000
Palestinians have been killed since
Israel started its war on the Gaza Strip
after Hamas surprise attack on Israel on
October 7th that killed 1,200 people
countless homes and buildings across
Gaza have been destroyed by Israeli
rocket attacks Cindy s VA news the state
department