[Music]
uh of course we welcome the announcement
just a little bit ago I think in the
last hour or so by cutter that the
humanitarian PA in Gaza now in its
fourth day will be extended for another
two days through Thursday morning Israel
time this humanitarian PA has already
brought a halt of the fighting together
with a surge of humanitarian assistance
now in order to extend the pause Hamas
has committed to releasing another 20
women and children over the next two
days we would of course hope to see the
pause extended further and and that will
depend upon Hamas continuing to release
hostages it's a glimpse of Hope and
Humanity in the middle of the darkness
of war and I strongly hope that this
will enable us to increase even more uh
the humanitarian Aid to the people in
Gaza that is suffering so much knowing
that uh even with that additional amount
of time it will be impossible to satisfy
all the dramatic needs of the population
in Gaza we're certainly hoping that
another batch of hostages gets released
today as part of the fourth and final
day of the original agreement um we're
going to be watching closely to see if
any Americans are in that group as it as
it has come out over the last three days
we don't really know until you get into
the end game who's going to be actually
on that list and and then even then you
got to watch closely to seeing if who's
on the list is the folks that actually
come out so we're watching and and
hoping it's a real risk um uh you have
to expect a group like kamasa terrorist
group uh which clearly doesn't abide by
laws of war we try to take advantage of
any pause in the fighting for their own
benefit so we're watching that closely
as well as our Israeli counterparts you
can you can bet that they're watching
that closely uh but and I don't want to
speak for uh the Israelis but I mean
this is a calculated risk that prime
minister Netanyahu and his War cabinet
are willing to take in order to get
those hostages out so it's a it's a
balance um and as you've also heard the
Israelis say that once
uh the pauses are over uh they intend to
go right back at military
operations