anger is pouring out on the streets of
Israel frustrated family members and
friends are calling on prime minister
Benin nanahu to rescue the hostages from
Gaza immediately Tel Aviv and nearby
towns were rocked by Massive
demonstrations where people in thousands
hid the
streets they voiced their demands of
fresh deal for hostage release and prime
minister Benin netanyahu's ouer from the
office
a separate protest by hundreds of
Israelis was staged against the
government at Tel habima square and also
outside the Israeli defense Ministry
compound came here tonight to keep
fighting for the release of my brother
and the rest of
135 uh
hostages uh like every Saturday like
every day we want them back my brother
has a 2-year-old son who lost his mother
and is waiting for a hug from his father
for 127 days most of us here at hostage
Square just want a hostage deal we want
our people to come home we feel that no
price is too
high in the Israeli town of cesaria
hundreds of protesters March towards
prime minister netanyahu's private
residence they shouted slogans calling
for netanyahu's resignation some also
carried a banner that said and I'm
quoting here the guilty one is in
cesaria in kafar Saba thousands gathered
and protested against what they called
prime minister netanyahu's governance
failure in bringing the hostages home
the chorus for prime minister nany's
ouer and fresh elections is growing
across Israel as the war has been
continuing for more than 120 days now
with no signs of mediation or a new
hostage deal since the temporary truce
that took place in November last year
according to the Israeli authorities
more than 100 hostages are still under
hamas's captivity while gaza's Health
Ministry says that over 28,000
Palestinians have been killed including
children and
women
[Music]
for