it's been 19 days since Hamas brutally
attacked Israel taking the World by
surprise and triggering a fierce
blowback that has led to the loss of
thousands of lives so far and now US
President Joe Biden has a theory for
what led to that attack Biden says the
October 7th attack could have been
motivated by the India middle east
Europe economic Corridor deal that was
agreed on at the G20 Summit in New Delhi
last month it also indicated a step
towards normalizing relations between
Israel and Saudi Arabia which according
to the US president incited the Hamas
militants at a joint press conference
with visiting Australian prime minister
Anthony albanes Biden said that he
believes the Hamas group wanted to
prevent Israel's progress towards
Regional integration this is the second
time in less than a week that the
president has mentioned the economic
Corridor as a potential reason behind
the
attack
I'm convinced one of the reasons samas
attacked when they did and I have no
proof of this as my instinct tells me is
because of the progress we were making
towards Regional integration for Israel
and Regional integration overall and we
can't leave that work behind and one
more word on this I continue to be
alarmed about extremist settlers
attacking pales Ians in the West Bank
that uh pouring gasoline on fire is what
it's like they this was a deal the deal
was made and they're attacking
Palestinians in places that they're
entitled to be and has to stop they have
to be held accountable and has to stop
now during the Australia prime
minister's White House visit Biden
reiterated that Israel has the right to
defend itself while protecting innocent
civilian ions he warned that the region
must prepare for quote what comes next
in the conflict and stressed that the US
maintains its position of a two-state
solution for Israelis and Palestinians
on completion the economic Corridor will
integrate the entire region with a
railroad the rail deal would link
shipping and Rail lines from India to
Europe through the UAE Saudi Arabia
Jordan and Israel the deal is considered
a historic initiative on cooperation on
connectivity as well as
[Music]
infrastructure