let's get more on this mando de la me is
in Ramallah and the occupied West Bank
and he joins us now Muhannad now can you
tell us more about this latest killing
well earlier this morning in the city of
Hebron Palestinian have been shot dead
20 years old Palestina have been shot
dead by Israeli settler after his
accused of trying to stab the settler
Israeli forces have come to the scene
try to give a first aid medical to this
Palestinian according to medical sources
but he died and now eyewitnesses told
the trt today from the area that is
really subtler have shot them in for
live bullets a killed him on the spot
now when the second incident also
Palestinian it's right to stab a 16
years old Palestinian teenager try to
stop according to the Israelis raley a
soldier in the Old City of Jerusalem he
reported to be that so far there is no
injuries of the real site Mona tell me
were we're expecting some protests just
north of your near beth-el today could
you tell us more about that well yes
there is a huge goals inside the visit
University hit very close to me people
are gathering here students are
gathering their marching towards where
we standing at bed ill so it's expected
to arrive in one hour maximum on our
time now I can see the Israeli army are
really prepared there is a jeeps behind
him next to me and there is lots of
Israeli soldiers are controlling the
hilltops just also to mention that there
is two funerals are going on today we'll
take blessing after the friday prayer
after the midday prayer in the city of
Nablus and in the city of Hebron to sew
a clash is expected to take less there
all rights mano de la me live from
Ramallah thank you