the Israel Gaza War has sent shock waves
Rippling across the Middle East and far
beyond this is Yemen itself scarred by a
decade of conflict the strength of
feeling here is
immense in Jordan vast crowds massed in
the capital Aman the country's home to 3
million
Palestinians and these were the scenes
in
[Applause]
Algeria for the first time since the
Arab Spring demonstrators in the
Egyptian Capital Cairo returned in large
numbers to Tara Square While others
crowded the cities ASA
mosque this protest is just a microcosm
of Egypt it is a show of unity with the
Palestinians country after country Fury
grief
indignation what many across the Muslim
World regard as the collective
punishment of 2 million civilians by
Israel in the Indonesian Capital Jakarta
like so many other protests it is the
United States Embassy where
demonstrators gather President Biden and
his Western allies have been fiercely
criticized for their unequivocal support
of the Israeli
government Indonesia begged the offer of
two-state solution for both Palestinians
and Israel sharing their land together
for
but that's not a solution because Israel
is an
Invader in Germany and France home to
the European Union's largest Jewish and
Muslim communities demonstrators defied
ongoing bans on Palestinian protests
leading to Violent clashes with police
in Berlin many blame the EU and Europe's
former Colonial Powers who shape the
Middle East for choosing sides in a
conflict that's far from black and
white as the crisis deepen
Qatar is playing a pivotal diplomatic
role this is the capital Doha where
Palestinian sympathies are strong and
while the cycle of violence and
repression continues millions are now
demanding enough is enough NE Barker Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer