and we have some breaking news coming in
from West Asia a top Hamas political
official told the Associated Press that
the Islamic militant group is willing to
agree to a truce of 5 years or more with
Israel and that it would lay down its
weapons and convert into a political
party if an independent Palestinian
state is established along
pre-1967 borders the comments by KH in
an interview on Wednesday came and made
a stalemate in months of ceasefire talks
the suggestion that Hamas would disarm
appears to be a major concession by the
militant group officially committed to
Israel's destruction however it's
unlikely that Israel would consider such
a scenario it has wowed to crush Hamas
following the deadly October 7th attacks
that triggered the war and its current
leadership is adamantly opposed to the
creation of a Palestinian State on lands
Israel captured in the
1967 mid East
war and and this also comes just after
an Israeli official spokesperson said
that the Israeli military is preparing
for a ground invasion of
Rafa and this is breaking news coming at
this point of time from West Asia where
a senior Hamas political politician has
said that they ready to disarm
themselves if they agree for a two-state
Palestinian solution this was given uh
in in an interview to the Associated
Press where the Islamic militant group
is willing to agree to a truce of five
years or more with Israel and that it
will lay down its weapons and convert
into a political party and that is if an
independent Palestinian state is
established along the pre 1967 borders
and this is exactly what the Hamas
leader said take a
listen at present what is the function
of our weapons resistance and struggle
have the function of removing the
occupation if the occupation ends all
the experiences of people who fought
against occupiers when they became
independent and obtain their rights and
their state what have these forces done
they have turned into Political parties
and their defending fighting forces have
turned into the national Army if we take
our national rights and the value of the
Palestinian State everything we own will
become a basic structure for the state
[Music]