[Music]
Holy Week in the holy city in the Holy
Land Easter vigil mass on Saturday was
set in front of a smaller than usual
congregation the Israeli military has
denied travel permits to thousands of
Palestinian Christians from the occupied
West Bank and foreign pilgrims have
largely stayed away put off by the
ongoing conflict in
Gaza father Gabriel romanelli is the
parish priest of the only Catholic
Church in Gaza he wasn't there when the
conflict erupted so he's been staying in
occupied East Jerusalem he speaks on a
daily basis to the pope about the
situation in Gaza the Pope Francis a
call every every day from the beginning
of this word and and he expressed his
vicinity his closeness with the
community he asked to to us to protect
the children especially TR community and
he offer his prayer I we know that he
works for a stop this this
war Israeli air strikes destroyed the
Greek Orthodox Church in Gaza which was
one of the oldest churches in the world
fewer than a thousand Christians across
all denominations remain in Gaza at
least 31 of them have been killed or
have died since October in the occupied
West Bank Christians who again make up a
tiny proportion of the population face
the same challenges as their Muslim
neighbors confiscation of their land by
illegal Israeli settlers and
restrictions on their movement the
Catholic bishop of Jerusalem William
shamali himself a Palestinian says very
few Christians from the occupied West
Bank were able to attend Holy Week
events like the Palam Sunday procession
this Easter some people received the
permit on Saturday night so there was
really no time to prepare a pilgrimage
to Jerusalem and those who received
permits were also a minority so
practically uh the
procession uh went without the
participation of pilgrims and of local
Palestinians and so did the Easter Vigil
Mass on Holy Saturday biblical locations
associated with the Easter story like
the sights of the Last Supper
crucifixion and Ascension are all
injured Jerusalem and they revered
places for Christians but the Christian
presence across the occupied territories
is paradoxical because the population is
so small and in Gaza their Community
which has endured for 2,000 years is
under threat like never
before clar Harriet TI World occupied
East
Jerusalem