there's much pushing and shoving in the
line for gases main ATM a rumor has
quickly spread that money has finally
returned to Gaza it's the end of a long
wait for Palestinian Authority employees
Paula Gaza suffers if we don't get our
salaries businesses and people's life
depend on them after freezing money
transfers to Gaza for more than a month
Israel finally authorize the transfer of
some 20 million euros to ease the cash
crunch wait your turn please while
waiting impatiently to access his money
Mahmoud reveals where all the cash will
end up tonight not even tomorrow all the
money that arrived today will add to
Egypt by tunnels people will take it
over there Gaza is literally being
drained of cash and it begins here each
night at the roadside as importers
delivered goods to Gauss's merchants are
you rock as soon as they have a new
merchandise they call us and if I wanted
i order a certain quantity as would any
shop owner except Israel has imposed a
blockade on goods into Gaza resulting in
more than fifty percent of merchandise
being shipped in via tunnels from Egypt
the gel column our official importers
today are using the tunnels from Egypt
there is no other solution of the
problem is that this money doesn't come
back to the Gaza Strip before with
Israel it was pumped back into the
economy via taxis or other ways so now
the money leaves the country for good
Gaza's tunnels where the money flows out
as the goods flowing these are rugs
therefore Gaza's biggest merchant now
he's not able to order it from Israel a
lucrative business that's becoming more
sophisticated today merchants order
products over the internet from Turkey
or China and it's brought in from Egypt
in this tunnel warehouse is the
equivalent of 60 us thousand dollars of
merchandise all delivered in a single
day okay you can touch the merchandise
before a paying upfront sixty thousand
dollars paid cash in and before you can
touch the goods with some 1000 tunnels
in existence that means millions of
euros daily disappear through these
tunnels at a time when gases population
sorely needs cash