this Ramadan let the reasonable public
Prevail don't lend a hand to extremists
a word of warning from the Israeli
government coming as Palestinians in
Gaza prepare for the start of
Ramadan observed by Muslims worldwide as
a month of fasting prayer and
Community but for over 2 million gazans
facing war and hunger this holy month is
unlike any others
before this displaced Palestinian says
the scarcity of food is her main concern
a stark contrast to previous Ramadan
celebrations over on the West Bank
tensions are high in Jerusalem's old
city where tens of thousands are
expected to visit the al- AKA mosque one
of the holiest places for Muslim
worshippers located at the sacred Jewish
site of Temple Mount it's long been a
flash point for violence with Israeli
forces restricting access to pales Ians
as recently as Friday leading to some
praying on the
streets efforts to broker a ceasefire
deal by Ramadan have failed still
Israeli officials say Palestinians will
be allowed to access the site for
prayers the entrance of worshippers to
the Temple Mount will be permitted in
similar numbers to previous years this
comes as Benjamin Netanyahu faces
growing anger at home with thousands of
Israelis and Tel Aviv turning out to
protest on Saturday this government
seems like it will do all the possible
mistakes uh and I'm I'm afraid because
uh the minister of uh the police is
trying to start a Civil War in here
between uh Israeli citizens between
Arabs and uh Jews we first have to stop
the Bloodshed the first thing is is the
call for life life for the hostages life
for Israelis life for Palestinians in
Gaza and in the West Bank Nita Gangi
Global News