the surprise Hamas assault on Israel has
opened up a new front in the US election
campaign as Republicans accuse President
Joe Biden of being soft in his defense
of Israel and in his handling of Iran
Trump says he was the best friend Israel
ever had and is questioning Biden's
foreign policy President Joe Biden hit
out and Donald Trump for describing
Hezbollah is very smart even as the
Lebanese militant group exchanges fire
with Israel dubbing Lebanon based
Hezbollah a vious group he said and I
quote you know hisbah is very smart
they're all very
smart and so when I see sometimes the
intelligence you talk about the
intelligence or you talk about some of
the things that went wrong over the last
week they've got to straighten it out
because they're fighting potentially a
very big Force they're fighting
potentially
Iran and when they have people saying
the wrong things everything they say is
has been digested by these people
because they're vicious and they're
smart and boy are they vicious cuz
nobody's ever seen the kind of site that
we've
seen Trump also said that Israel let his
administration down during the US
assassination of Iranian General kasim
Solani Israel was going to do this with
us and it was being planned and working
on it for months and now we had
everything all set to go and the night
before it happened I got a call that
Israel will not be
participating in this
attack Trump used the platform to also
call out Biden's mismanagement of the
crisis and for pushing the world closer
to World War
3 and unfortunately with the most
corrupt and incompetent president in our
history we're closer to World War III
than anyone can understand there's never
been a time where we've been closer
we're inches away and we we have a man
that
literally can't speak he can't get off a
stage hitting back Biden said that it's
absurd that anyone much less someone
running for president would choose now
to attack us Ally Israel much less
praise holar terrorist as very smart
Israeli communication Minister also
criticized Trump schokari said that the
former US president cannot be relied on
after wounding the spirits of Israeli
Fighters
[Music]