and the most closely watched thing today
is whether EU leaders will call for some
kind of ceasefire this was already
discussed by EU foreign ministers
earlier this week but there is intense
disagreement on this one EU official
told me yesterday these discussions have
been quite emotional uh so there seems
to be some consensus forming around the
word pause humanitarian pause that's the
phrase that's now in the draft
conclusions for this Summit so countries
many countri countries including Spain
France Ireland are pushing for a
ceasefire but countries including
Germany and Austria are resisting that
uh because they say it would tie
Israel's hands uh and mean that it would
would only benefit Hamas because Hamas
could regroup during that time they're
going to be discussing this idea of a
pause now some countries want the
language to go further uh but Germany
and Austria are concerned that even the
word pause would suggest that this is
just a replacement for ceasefire one
thing they're going to discuss today is
adding the letter s to the end of that
word and make it pauses that makes it
seem even more temporary maybe Israel uh
you stops
uh bombings for an hour for two hours
while so humanitarian Aid can go in the
risk here is that the EU is going to end
up looking quite foolish spending hours
today arguing about one letter of when
people are dying in Gaza and at the end
of the day whatever they conclude today
is is unlikely to take their advice
whether they call for a ceasefire or a
humanitarian pause however EU officials
have told me it's important for the EU
to go on the record with this today
because it will influence the United
States last week the US vetoed a UN
resolution calling for a humanitarian
ceasefire in Gaza and it's thought that
if the EU takes this stance today it
probably won't influence Israel but it
will influence Washington which can
influence Israel um these discussions
are expected to get quite heated today
uh so we'll see where that goes