this is a deadly war and it looks like
it is escalating the Bloodshed continues
this remember with gaza's strip where
the group's leadership while it's
nowhere to be seen so Hamas targeted
went into Israel killed people took them
captive but their leaders are nowhere to
be seen while the people of Gaza
continue to face the air strikes that
are coming in from Israel now hania who
is one of the leaders of uh of Hamas and
other senior leaders of Hamas where are
they they're enjoying the hospitality of
Qatar they are based in that is where
they enjoy a luxurious life while the
people of the Gaza Strip that is
controlled by Hamas continue to face
horror take a look at the special report
as we tell you how based in Qatar
getting funded from Qatar and people of
Palestine are facing the
horo
a turning point in the long-standing
Israeli Palestinian
conflict Hamas briefly invaded Israeli
territory documented it in slick videos
some by militants wearing body cams the
operatives dressed in Commando style
uniforms an attack designed to shake up
the status quo in the Middle East but
while the Hamas operatives launched
their most Brazen attack that Israel
hasn't seen since the 1948 Arab Israeli
War the group's leadership was nowhere
to be seen in the Gaza
Strip top leader of Hamas was elsewhere
while the foot soldiers perpetrated
their most brutal incursion into Israel
on Saturday this is Ismail hania the
chairman of the group designated as a
terror organization by United States the
EU and
Israel hania and other senior leaders of
Hamas enjoying the hospitality of Qatar
a tiny but wealthy energy and investment
Powerhouse in the Persian Gulf Qatar
long believed to be holding a direct
line of communication with Hamas in 2014
the United States noted that Qatar
though an American Ally has openly
financed Hamas and supported several
other islamist extremist groups in the
Middle East qat Drew Global attention
once again over the inial reports it may
try to negotiate freedom for Israeli
hostages held in Gaza after Saturday's
attack for the release of Palestinian
prisoners in Israel's
prisons Qatar has hosted a Hamas
political office for more than a decade
provided millions of dollars in
financial aid to
Gaza and provided a safe heaven to the
top Hamas leadership Bureau report India
today