Gaza is becoming a graveyard for
children hundreds of girls and boys are
reportedly being killed or injured every
day
[Music]
[Music]
l
[Music]
Gaza is becoming a graveyard for
children hundreds of girls and boys are
reportedly being killed or injured every
day more journalists have reportedly
been killed over a 4-we period than in
any conflict in at least three
decades more United Nations Aid workers
have been killed than in any comparable
period in the history of our
organization we must act now to find a
way out of this brutal awful agonizing
dead end of
Destruction to help end the pain and
suffering to help heal the broken and to
help pave the way to peace to a
two-state Sol Solutions with Israelis
and Palestinians living in peace and
security the protection of civilians
must be
Paramount I'm deeply concerned about
clear violations of international
humanitarian law that we are
witnessing let me be clear no party to
an armed conflict is above International
humanitarian law today the United
Nations and our partners are launching a
$1.2 billion US humanitarian appeal to
help 2.7 million people that's the
entire population of the Gaza Strip and
half a million Palestinians in the West
Bank including East
Jerusalem some life-saving Aid is
getting into Gaza from Egypt through the
Rafa
Crossing but the trickle of assistance
does not meet the ocean of needs and
let's be clear the ra for crossing alone
does not have the capacity to process
eight trucks at the scale required The
Way Forward is clear a humanitarian CE
fire now all parties respecting all
their obligations and international
humanitarian law
now this means the unconditional release
of the hostages in Gaza now the
protection of civilians hospitals un
facilities shelters and schools now more
food more water more medicine and of
course fool entering Gaza safely swiftly
and at the scale needed now and feed
access to deliver supplies to all people
in needing Gaza now and the end of the
use of civilians as human Shields
now none of these appeals should be
conditional on the others and for all of
these we need more funding
now
we
[Music]
la