meantime Singapore has donated $1.5
million in cash as well as $100,000 in
humanitarian Goods to assist the
civilians in Gaza the Foreign Affairs
Ministry witnessed the Handover in Egypt
Aslam sha reports from
Cairo here at the Egyptian red crescent
or ERC headquarters about 300 km from
the Gaza Strip volunteers are sorting
out and packing supplies donated from
all over the world these include Staples
like FL and other food Provisions
including baby formula canned foods and
portable water other Essentials include
medical supplies like bandages and
antiseptic lotions blankets have also
been loaded onto trucks to reach
Gaza Singapore second Minister for
foreign affairs Maliki Osman witnessed
the handing over of these donations
during his visit to the Middle East the
US
$100,000 worth of goods from Singapore
is the second trench following a
us$200,000
support for the ERC relief
pipeline what we have been doing for the
past days is to regularly communicate
with them uh uh continually to identify
the evolving need on the ground and that
uh with that I regularly updated uh our
counterpart in Singapore so we are able
to make an informed decision to identify
the area of support about 5.7 million
Singapore dollars has been donated by
singaporeans through the nonprofit rahan
alamin Foundation via an ongoing
campaign as of Friday noon this is the
largest amount in its history thank you
thank You2 million Singapore dollars or
about $ 1.47 million us from these
donations was handed over to a UN agency
focus on relief efforts we are able to
collectively support uh this
humanitarian cost because the
relationship between the communities in
Singapore uh is strong harmonious and
peaceful your your generosity your
support uh is is is going to save lives
uh it is it is it is so important uh
that the world understands uh this the
needs and the suffering of the people in
Gaza and we have seen through this
outpouring of support that the people of
Singapore have seen that and they
understand it and they're responding Dr
Maliki praised the generosity of
singaporeans who have stepped forward to
help he described the situation in Gaza
as a deepening humanitarian crisis and a
tragedy Aslam sha CNA Cairo