now note that it is a war on two fronts
one that Israel is uh facing with the
Hamas group and the second one with the
Lebanon group in the latest we
understand that the Israeli forces have
struck his buah Targets in the Lebanon
border area in fact a post that has also
been put out uh by the Israeli forces
which shows how the hisbah targets have
been struck by the Israeli forces in
fact Israeli Air Force has have even put
out a post saying that they are
targeting hisbah Targets in Lebanon
saying that they would provide details
on strikes in some time but these are
the visuals on your screens of the
hisbah targets being struck off by the
Israeli
forces so there's been a cross-firing
which has been happening from both the
sides from Israel and from Iran bagged
hisbah group as well in the latest
Israel forces having struck several of
hisbah targets
along the Lebanon
Border in fact getting in details of a
meet that prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has held with members of the
war cabinet in
this uh shortly after Netanyahu held
one-on-one talks with President Biden uh
they even met uh in which the meet was
held just after Netanyahu held a meet
with Biden in which uh the latter
expressed complete support to the won
country we'll just in fact those are the
visuals also coming in of a war cabinet
meet that has happened in Tel Aviv note
that Netanyahu has been holding meet for
with a troop that's been stationed in
the southern part of the Gaza Strip
where Israel plans to carry out its
ground assault
and this is uh the latest that's coming
in Netanyahu holding a meet with the war
cabinet a war cabinet that was formed in
the last meet that was held of the
Israeli
government so Nathan yahu inspecting and
taking stock of the
situation just uh hours after the Gaza
explosion uh happened at the hospital
that claimed more than 500 lives and
there you see Netanyahu was seen
interacting not just with the troops uh
the Israeli forces who are also present
in this meet but essentially with the
war cabinet that's been formed in Wake
of the ongoing conflict with the Hamas
group
so backto back meetings happening as we
speak the latest one uh that was held by
Netanyahu with members of the war
cabinet saying that they will not stand
by and do nothing in fact pledging
complete action uh and wipe out of the
Hamas terror
group