this is a historic moment again these
two equal full member in the United
Nations we open the door slightly in the
direction of peace and we hope that the
security Council which is trusted in the
maintenance of International Peace and
security to allow for that door to open
slightly in the direction of the
implementation of the two- State
solution which requires the end of occup
and the independence of the State of
[Music]
Palestine
[Music]
we just finished a meeting open meeting
of the security Council it in which the
council
unanimously uh deferred the discussion
on the application of the State of
Palestine for admission to the standing
committee the committee on admission
this is a historic moment again we won
the implementation of Security Council
resolution that demanded an immediate
ceasefire we need to stop this
aggression against our people in the
Gaza Strip we need ceasefire now we need
to save lives we need to stop the
killing of the Palestinian children
women and civilians which reach more
than
33,000 after 6 months and injured more
than 75,000 enough is enough maybe a
historic thing will be accomplished in
the month of April and a very important
principle that was stated in article
four of the UN Charter is and I quote
membership in the United Nations is open
to all
peaceloving states
peaceloving nothing is clearer than the
fact that the Palestinians fail to meet
these criteria the Palestinian Authority
is itself the
antithesis of a peaceloving entity
colleagues for many years the pa the pan
Authority has been paying terrorists for
their murderous Terror attacks this is
not customary it is Palestinian
legislation according to the Palestinian
law Palestinian terrorists are paid
monthly salaries for murdering Israelis
internalize it these salaries can reach
thousands of dollars each month and they
are on Rising on a rising scale the
longer the prison sentence you get the
higher the salary you murdered more Jews
you get more
[Music]
money you're ready ready ready ready
[Music]
stay with the times of India for news
breaks analysis interviews and events we
bring you stories from your neighborhood
and from across the globe as well
subscribe to our YouTube channel hit the
like button and press the Bell icon so
you don't miss any of our
videos