General Antonio gutiz is on a mission to
get unra back on track the agency could
be forced to suspend its operations
after several countries put a pause on
funding amid allegations from Israeli
authorities that a dozen of the agency's
staff participated in the October 7th
attacks on Israel in a meeting behind
closed doors on Tuesday the UN Chief
pleaded with donor Nations to reconsider
their decision speaking after the
meeting the Palestinian ambassador to
the UN said he appreciated gz's efforts
so with him in appealing to our
colleagues from the countries that are
suspending their uh contributions to
horaa to uh reconsider these are uh good
things you know that uh uh that took
place in that meeting the UN relief and
works agency is the largest assistance
organization in the Gaza Strip the US
unest top funer was the first of all
support following Israel's allegations
Cascade of countries
followed Washington says it can't
revisit its decision while there's an
investigation into the allegations I'm
not going to get ahead of the
investigation that they are conducting
but I know that we need to see
fundamental uh changes before we can
resume providing uh funding directly to
UNR is Israel continues to repeat its
claims that the agency is a front for
Hamas and that allowed the armed group
to use its infrastructure for military
activity
it vowed to stop onr's work in Gaza the
agency itself and NOS in the strip have
condemned the funding Cuts warning that
it will impact life- saving assistance
for residents of The Enclave unra
operates schools healthc care clinics
and other vital Services since the War
Began almost 4 months ago its importance
has become even greater as it serves a
displaced population facing starvation
and disease