as United States of America continues to
express support to Israel Anthony
blinkin will be now heading for Israel
Anthony blinkin has said that Israel has
the right and obligation to defend
itself and to try to make sure what
happened never happens again no country
can tolerate the slaughter of civilians
we stand behind that but also as
democracies United States of America and
Israel have a responsibility which is to
protect civilians who are caught in
harms
Hamas cynically monstrously and
deliberately uses men women and children
as human Shields so that's the statement
that has come in from Anthony blinkin uh
who is likely now to be heading to
Israel as uh we've said from the start
Israel has not only the right but the
obligation to defend itself and also to
take steps to try to make sure that this
never happens again we've also said very
clearly and repeatedly that how Israel
does this matters uh we will focus as
well on steps that need to be taken uh
to protect civilians who are in a
crossfire of of hamas's making uh and we
want to look at concrete steps that can
be taken to better protect them um we've
seen in recent days Palestinian civilian
contining to Bear the brunt of this uh
this action uh and it's important and
the United States is committed to making
sure everything possible is done to
protect civilians in terms of humanitary
assistance going in uh we've been able
to establish over the last couple of
weeks um efforts to get trucks moving
we've had about 50 to 60 trucks a day of
assistance going in we need that want
that to increase and I expect you'll see
that uh in the coming days at the same
time we've been working to make sure
that our Nationals and other foreign
Nationals can get out and over the last
2 days you've seen Americans and their
families begin to come out of Gaza uh
and we expect that to continue over the
coming days this has been uh a very
deliberate effort on our part working
with other countries to make sure we
could get passage out for our citizens
and citizens from other countries