he is number three on the list of
hamas's top brass Maran Isa as Deputy
head of hamas's military Wing the isalin
Kasam brigades is believed to be one of
the masterminds of the October the 7th
attacks 5 months into Israel's war in
Gaza the shadow man as Isa was called in
Israeli military circles was said to be
targeted in an air strike over the
weekend the Israeli military said it
struck an underground complex in the
nerat refugee camp in central Gaza in an
attempt to assassinate him
we are still examining the results of
the attack and are yet to receive a
final confirmation about it Maran Isa is
part of the central Terror triangle in
the Gaza Strip that includes also
mammed was born in Gaza refugi Camp his
family is said to originate from present
day ashalon in southern Israel prior to
hamas's establishment he reportedly was
a member of the Muslim Brotherhood
during the first antifa between 1978 and
1993 he was detained by Israeli Security
Forces a number of times and later by
the Palestinian Authority until the
outbreak of the second at in 2000 he has
reportedly been involved in organizing
terrorist suicide bombings against
Israelis ideia forces raided his lavish
vacation home in the central Gaza Strip
back in January for Israel his
assassination would be a major
achievement in the war it is vowed to go
after hamas's leadership but the most
important figures the commander of the
military Wing Muhammad de and the gazan
political leader yah senir are still at
Large possibly hiding in hamas's vast
network of tunnels under the Gaza Strip
on Sunday Israel's primee Minister
Benjamin nany appeared to confirm
Israel's involvement in the January
assassination of hamas's political
Bureau deputy chief Salah aruri in
Lebanon we are on the way to Absolute
Victory we have already eliminated the
number four in Kamas 3 2 and one are on
the way whether number three Maran Isa
was among the victims of the nsat air
strike is still being assessed in Israel
and Hamas Isa would be the highest
ranking Hamas leader killed in the war
so
far