in the streets of Tel Aviv it is back to
a nervous normal a temporary ban on
large Gatherings is now over and schools
are back open hundreds of missiles like
going to Israel coming to Israel it's
super scary I
was it was a very hard morning um from
the other hand I think that nothing
scares me anymore after October
7th in the streets of tyon cheering for
the Saturday night attack that sent over
300 drones and missiles from Iran toward
Israel Israel says 99% of them were
intercepted most long before they even
got to Israeli territory at Sunday's
emergency meeting of the United Nations
security Council representatives for
Israel and Iran traded barbs Israel
saying Iran had been exposed as a region
destabilizer no more sh king of
responsibility Iran has attacked Israel
from its own Sovereign territory
publicly and proudly the mask is
off Iran saying the attack was a
necessary and proportionate response to
Israel's air strike on the Iranian
Consulate in Damascus two weeks ago it
was precise and only targeted military
objectives and carried out carefully to
minimize the potential for escalation
and prevent civilian harm the US called
for a condemnation of Iran warned that
Iran will be held responsible if it
attacks Israel again or the us but urged
all sides now to put the matter to rest
our goal is to deescalate and then get
back to the issue at hand securing an
end to the conflict in Gaza by getting a
ceasefire in Gaza through a hostage deal
as well as surging humanitarian
assistance to Palestinians in need G7
leaders meeting virtually on Sunday
looked for a diplomatic response or
punishment for Iran although the nation
is already heavily sanctioned the White
House does not want to see Israel
respond in retaliation and has made
clear that although it will continue
defending Israel it won't be a part of
any retaliation but after meeting for
nearly 5 hours on Sunday the Israeli War
cabinet did not reach a decision on any
kind of response and Iran says a
response by Israel will bring a bigger
harsher response so the world wonders is
either side willing to escalate Andy
Rosen trt world