as the death toll SS gaza's cemeteries
are full the can Yunis Community is now
burying their dead next to homes after
days of Israeli air strikes Gaza has
been under Israeli bombardment since
Saturday after islamist militant group
Hamas sent hundreds of Fighters into
Israel who killed 1300 people and took
scores of hostages space for those
killed in Israel's retaliation is at a
premium gazen Adel hammad
explains since 10: p.m. yesterday until
early today more than 50 martys in K
Unice and the death toll is constantly
Rising we cannot contain burials in a
specific place so graves are dug
randomly in various places around houses
and in places donated by land
owners funerals are Street side as the
can unun cemetery is not only too
crowded it's difficult to reach and
dangerously near the most bombed border
areas some of those fleeing the
bombardment have gathered at the alifa
hospital where the courtyard has been
turned into makeshift
shelters I have spent my 11 years in
fear and
anxiety we left our home and stayed on
the
streets there are planes it's all scary
it's the same story at this school now
home to hundreds set up by the United
Nations relief Works
agency the vital lifelines of food water
medicine Fuel and electricity have been
cut off by Israel and response to
Saturday's bloody Rampage and are now in
short supply when I first wake up I go
to wash my face but there's no water
even to shower there's no water we go
from bathroom to bathroom to find water
it's it's really not nice to live here
maybe it would be better to be home the
world food programs Brian Lander told
Reuters food is starting to run out and
a humanitarian crisis is looming for the
2.3 million in The Enclave Our concern
is that unless we're able to access
those communities the people that are in
need the civilian population there's
going to be uh an extreme situation for
them both in terms of of having the food
to survive the water to survive any
other services uh even shelter over
their heads Israel's continuous air
strikes have reduced parts of Gaza to
Rubble authorities in The Enclave say
more than 1,400 people have been killed
and more than 6,000 have been wounded
Israel says The Siege on the Strip won't
stop and there will be no humanitarian
exceptions until hostages taken by Hamas
are
freed