the Israeli Army on Sunday released
footage of ground explosions said to be
the destruction of militant facilities
in the Gaza Strip vaa cannot
independently verify the dates or
locations of the video the fighting
continues as negotiators from Israel
Egypt the United States and Qatar the
Hamas intermediary held talks in Paris
to discuss terms of a deal to free what
is likely north of 100 remaining
hostages in the Palestinian
territory negotiations remain fluid
Israel's prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu told CBS News it's not clear
whether a ceasefire and hostage deal
would materialized from new talks in
Qatar Hamas says Israel has denied its
main demands that include an end to the
military occupation of Gaza as thousands
joined what's become a weekly rally in
Tel Aviv demanding the the immediate
release of hostages still held by Hamas
since its October 7 attack on
Israel police using water cannons
dispersed a counter rally where
protesters held signs blaming Netanyahu
for October 7th Netanyahu announced
plans to convene his cabinet to discuss
a push into Rafa that would include
evacuating civilians the United Nations
warns more than 600,000 children would
be in the path of such an assault the
southern palestin city of Rafa is now
home to more than 1.4 million people
more than half of gaza's population many
of them displaced by months of fighting
the United States says a humanitarian
plan should accompany a military one for
Rafa we're talking about more than a
million people who have been pushed into
this small space in Gaza because of
military operations elsewhere it's also
the area where all of the humanarian
assistance comes into Gaza to serve all
of Gaza and so we've been clear that we
do not believe that an operation a mil
major military operation should proceed
in Rafa unless there is a clear and
executable plan to protect those
civilians to get them to safety and to
feed clothe and house them the
overcrowding in Rafa strains a Health
Care System already on the brink with as
many as four newborn babies sharing one
incubator Arash arabasadi vaa
news