as air strikes in Gaza continue
President Joe Biden has been urging
Israel to consider the consequences of
what prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
calls its Mighty Vengeance on Hamas are
you encouraging the Israelis to delay
Invasion talking in Israel it's part of
Biden's push to buy more time to secure
delivery of much needed aid for
civilians the extraction of several
hundred Palestinian Americans trapped in
Gaza and hostage negoti ations four
hostages including two Americans have
been released from among the more than
200 people that Israeli officials say
were abducted by Hamas during its
coordinated attacks on Israeli soil on
October 7th that killed at least 1,400
people the attacks by amas did not
happen in a
vacuum the Palestinian people have been
subjected to 56 years of suffocating
occupation those remarks by United
Nations Secretary General Antonio guz at
the UN Security Council on Tuesday
prompted criticism from gilad Eran
Israeli ambassador to the UN the UN is
failing and you Mr Secretary General
have lost all morality and
impartiality US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin also at the security
Council on Tuesday warned tan against
widening the war as Israel Braes for
more attacks from Iran back groups such
as Hezbollah in Lebanon that are likely
to intensify once Israel begins its
ground Invasion blinkin delivered a
forceful defense of Israel's military
actions but issued the administration's
strongest urging to Israel so far to
avoid harm to civilians it means food
water medicine and other essential
humanitarian assistance must be able to
flow into Gaza and to the people who
need them the White House clarifies the
humanitarian pause that blinkin called
for is not the same as a ceasefire which
national security Security Council
spokesman John Kirby says will only
benefit Hamas right now this is war it
is combat it is bloody it is ugly and
it's going to be messy and innocent
civilians are going to be hurt going
forward since October 7 Israeli air
strikes have killed more than 5,000
people in Gaza according to the Hamas
controlled Ministry of Health and
displac more than a million people pyak
kusar vaa
news