it's the second day of the truce between
Israel and Hamas and a much awaited
second round of Hostage exchange has
taken place Hamas has released a 13
Israeli and four high hostages in
exchange for the freedom of another 39
Palestinian prisoners and this is how
hamas's armed Wing released the hostages
from captivity the hostages were handed
over to the Red Cross for safe passage
into
Israel
goodbye Red Cross Vehicles carried the
second round of released
hostages through the Egypt arfa border
crossing and
finally car fered the hostages through
the south of Israel to camps set up by
the Israeli Defense Forces for the
rehabilitation of the freed
captives
the entire exchange of hostages was
monitored by prime minister Benjamin
Nathan yahu Nathan yahu has been
monitoring this exchange process since
yesterday in return Israeli prison
authorities released 39 Palestinian
detainees and the prisoners were
welcomed home in East Jerusalem the most
prominent individual released was isra
Javis who was convicted of detonating a
gas cylinder in her car at a checkpoint
in 2015 she was then sentenced to 11
years in prison for wounding a police
officer celebrations broke out in
several parts of palestine's West Bank
to celebrate the release of the
prisoners from Israeli
jails
but the second hostage prisoner Exchange
took several hours to materialize Hamas
delayed the second release yesterday
claiming that Israel failed to comply
with preset terms regarding the entry of
relief trucks into naan Gaza
disagreement over criteria for releasing
prisoners also led to the delay Hamas
decided to continue the temporary truth
only after Egyptians and kataris assured
that Israel would abide by all agreed
[Music]
terms