now the United States assisted Israel in
shooting down dozens of drones and
missiles fired by Iran on Saturday it
marked the first time thean launched a
direct military assault on Israel US
troops are stationed in West Asia for
different reasons and except Syria they
are there with the permission of each
country's government here's a look at
Washington's military presence in the
region you do you know slow smoth smoth
fast
[Applause]
higher 50
[Music]
m keep covering that flag towards your
side I go b
stand the United States of America has
2500 troops in Iraq 900 more in
neighboring Syria on a mission to advise
and assist local forces to combat Isis
United States sounded forces are
deployed in Saudi Arabia to protect
United States interests in the region
against Iran and iran-backed groups
United States military personnel are
also deployed in Jordan to support
anti-isis operations to enhance Jordan
security and promote Regional stability
nearly 89 United States military
personnel are in Lebanon to enhance
their counterterrorism capabilities and
support counterterrorism operations of
Lebanese Security Forces approximately
451 us person Personnel are assigned to
or are supporting the United States
contingent of the multinational force
and observers that have been present in
Egypt since
1981 US bases are highly guarded
facilities including air defense systems
to protect against missiles or DRS
facilities in the countries like Qatar
bahin Saudi Arabia Kuwait are not
usually attacked but US troops in Iraq
and Syria have come under frequent
attack in recent years since October 7th
US troops have been attacked much
multiple times by ran back militia
injuring troops the largest US base in
West Asia is located in Qatar in fact
known as Al uded air base and was built
in
1996 for latest news download the Von
app And subscribe to our YouTube channel