welcoming home a hero but for
17-year-old Mustafa Freedom came as a
surprise even though I was released from
prison suddenly to this moment I don't
believe it I feel like I'm still in a
dream I don't know if I'm awake or
asleep the reasons for his arrest early
this year remain obscure he says but his
release last weekend was part of the
captive detainee exchange between Israel
and H
m in prison I was exposed to oppressive
practices in physical and psychological
violence I was not alone other prisoners
were also subjected to the same
practices if they don't beat you they
may beat another prisoner in front of
you ommer was 173 years ago when he was
arrested by Israeli forces for
possessing a weapon he says conditions
Behind Bars got worse after October
7 life was difficult before October 7
but the treatment of the occupation Army
was completely different after October 7
and became more brutal and ferocious
they practiced physical and
psychological torture and abused us they
even transferred us from one prison to
another and suppressed
us the UN defines anyone under the age
of 18 a child but not if you're
Palestinian says
Omar this is the normal life of a
Palestinian child the Palestinian child
has neither Freedom nor rights like I
said any child my age has the ability to
arrange his Affairs and his life but in
Palestine children spend four and five
years of their lives only because they
want to defend their
land a controversial Israeli military
order has long been criticized for
permitting the sentencing of Palestinian
children under the age of 16 as adults R
groups say Palestinian children are the
only children in the world who are
systematically prosecuted in military
courts around 5 to 700 every year on
average now after October 7 that number
is on the
rise the Palestinian prisoner society
says discrimination against
Palestinians feeds a constant cycle of
violence
when we hear the testimonies of the
mother father and child we see the great
impact of these arrests but sometimes
you realize that the child has reached
its stage of living with this violence
because all of our lives are violence
torture and
abuse but the ever growing
occupation and deathto following Israeli
raids is hardening hearts and raising
stakes in these Palestinian territories
Rahul R Krishan trt World occupied West
Bank
[Music]