meanwhile there is growing attention on
who will govern Gaza after the war
Israel says it has no plans to reoccupy
Gaza as a us once again warns against
Israel's reoccupation our chesu Hong
reports the US state Secretary Anthony
blinkin on Wednesday local times said
that Gaza cannot be occupied by Israel
again at a news conference after his G7
foreign ministers meeting in Tokyo he
also added that it's clear that
authority over the governance of the
Gaza Strip should be run by Palestine
residents when it comes to postconflict
governance in Gaza um a few things are
are clear and necessary one uh Gaza
cannot be uh continue to be run by Hamas
um uh that simply invites a repetition
of October 7th uh and Gaza uses a place
from which to launch terrorist attacks
uh it's also clear that Israel cannot
occupy Gaza on Tuesday Washington once
again warned against Israel's
reoccupation of Gaza following Israeli
Prime Minister nataniel's comments that
Israel will have indefinite overall
security responsibility for the Gaza STP
US national secretary Council
spokesperson John Kirby also said it's
quite possible for the Israeli military
to remain in the Gaza Strip for a while
after the war for followup measures but
the US is firmly against a long-term
reoccupation the same day writers
reported that Israel has no plans to
reoccupy the Gaza Strip an unnamed
senior Israeli official stated that
Israel has no intention of reoccupying
or governing Gaza for an extended period
furthermore Israel emphasized that the
ongoing operations in the Gaza Strip are
effective and will continue and they are
not open-ended Israel clarify that its
military involvement is aimed at
dismantling homes terrorism and threats
but even after the military operations
are complete there will be a need for
gradual measures against tas's
infrastructure these Raleigh government
also s isra early to talk about the next
step scenarios for governance of the
Gaza Strip and their current operation
is focusing and completely eradicating
Hamas CH adang news