[Music]
dismantling
un is
shortsighted by doing so we will
sacrifice an entire generation of
children sowing the seeds of hatred
resentment and future
conflict
[Music]
yeah
[Music]
undertaking all efforts in light of the
arrogant and barbaric Israeli aggression
against Gaza Strip for an attack against
the unrwa discrediting a history of hard
work and sacrificed by the agency the
goal is malicious and clear and that is
to destroy any political Horizon to a
two State solution and to destroy at the
same time a humanitarian Horizon
embodied by unrwa that tend to the
inalienable rights of the Palestinian
people despite the insufficient
resources available to that agency in
this regard the league of Arab states
reaffirms the need to counter all
Israeli attempts aimed at eliminating or
terminating the unrwa or modifying its
mandate we object to the imposition by
the security Council of any new mandate
for the unrwa we see that this attack
seeks to destroy the two State solution
that enjoys unprecedented International
consensus we call upon countries that
have suspended their funding to unrwa to
revisit their decision and resume
funding to unrwa particularly after the
decisive measures taken by the UN
against any violation of un regulations
by any of the unws staff we also call
upon countries to take into
consideration the Urgent humanitarian
needs as a result of the ongoing Israeli
war against Gaza we stress at the same
time that it is the responsibility of
the donor Community as a whole for
funding unrwa and not only Arab
countries or the league of Arab states
who provide the utmost in terms of
Financial and logistical
[Music]
support
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Music]
on
you