Israel expands its ground offensive in
the Gaza Strip for a third day in its
war against the radical islamist
organization Hamas the toll of what
exactly is Israel's new phase is only
starting to become clear
now the death toll on Gaza has crossed
7,000 fatalities over 19,000 people have
been injured and 1.4 million people have
been in internally displaced at least 29
journalists have died along with 53
United Nations
employees Israel has appeared to have
shut off Communications in the Gaza
Strip International Aid groups and press
organizations have lost contact with
their staff creating a vacuum beyond the
numbers of the dead and the wounded the
extent of the bombardment and the
humanitarian catastrophe in Gaza has
concerned the world especially the
United States
President Joe Biden made his first phone
call to Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu
asking him to prioritize the protection
of
civilians the White House and Biden's
posts on X both stress on America's
shifted focus on civilian protection
humanitarian Aid and respect for
international law in an exclusive
interview with CBS networks show 60
Minutes kamla Harris said that the US
has absolutely no intention of sending
American combat troops into Israel or
Gaza amid fears over a wider regional
conflict but the vice president closely
stuck to the administration's approach
to support Israel's right to defend
itself she goes on to add that the
Palestinians deserve equal measures of
safety security self-determination and
dignity in the last 2 weeks both proxies
of Iran
hollah in Lebanon and huis in Yemen have
launched missiles drones and Rockets
against Israel iran-backed militias have
also fired on US troops stationed in
Iraq and Syria in response the US has
launched air strikes against Iranian
weapons facilities in Syria the Pentagon
has also deployed additional troops and
aircraft career strike troops in the
region when asked what's America's
message to Iran US vice president kamla
Harris said don't as President Biden
said just don't exactly one word pretty
straightforward a Times online
report stay with the times of India for
news breaks analysis interviews and
events we bring you stories from your
neighborhood and from across the globe
as well subscribe to our YouTube channel
hit the like button and press the Bell
icon so you don't miss any of our
videos