now to the Middle East and the latest
warnings from us officials that Iran
could be ready to attack Israel with
missile and drone strikes those
officials saying tyon has more than 100
cruise missiles ready and available
ABC's Brit clenet is in Tel Aviv with
more Brit good
morning good morning wait yeah President
Joe Biden says he expects Iran to attack
Israel as sooner than later and Israel
issuing a new high alert warning this
morning saying it's increased its
Readiness as fears escalate that Iran
will retaliate for an air strike that
killed top
commanders this morning Israel on high
alert as more than 40 Rockets from Iran
backed militant group Hezbollah light
the night sky the Iron Dome intercepting
many of those missiles over Northern
Israel this is new video seen by the
Associated Press reportedly shows
Iranian commanders raiding a ship which
Israeli Army radio says is likely
Israeli owned near the straight of hus
it comes as Israel prepares for the
potential of a larger attack directly
from Iran retali ition for a strike on
Iran's Consulate in Syria earlier this
month that killed senior Iranians us
officials telling ABC news that Iran has
readied more than 100 cruise missiles
and a sizable number of drones over the
past week this as the US government
issues a warning to American Embassy
staff in Israel telling them to stay put
in cities President Biden again warning
Iran against a retaliatory
attack message to Iran In This Moment
don't we are devoted to the defense of
Israel we will support Israel we will
defend help defend Israel and Iran will
not succeed people on the ground here
cautious about the potential of an
Iranian strike if Iran attacked it would
be World War I I I think because uh
United States prepares itself to strike
against
Iran now responding to a question about
whether he's worried about Iran killing
Americans Biden said he's always is
worried and the US is now moving new
assets into this region including troops
ships and aircraft to protect American
forces
Gio a very serious situation I know
you'll be watching that closely Brit
thank you so much