our top Focus right now may the ongoing
war with Israel Ismael Hanah the leader
of the Palestinian militant group Hamas
is in Egypt to discuss the possibility
of brokering another ceasefire and also
renewing hostage
negotiations Hana who otherwise resides
in Qatar last traveled to Egypt in early
November before the announcement of the
only ceasefire in the Gaza War so far so
interestingly
representatives of the Palestine Islamic
Jihad militant group will also be taking
part in the talks this as some Israeli
hostages are under their custody well
according to reports Israel has
presented a plan to the mediators which
could secure the release of some 30 to
40 more hostages Israel's plan
prioritizes remaining elderly women and
men in need of urgent medical care and
all this in exchange for Palestinians
held in Israel B prisons who have been
convicted of more serious offenses than
the women and teenagers who were
released in the previous truls Han who
is in Egypt with a high level Hamas
delegation will be meeting with the
Egyptian intelligence chief he will
discuss the supply and delivery of
humanitarian Aid withdrawal of the
Israeli Army from the Gaza Strip and the
return of displaced people to their
towns and villages in the north of Gaza
the truce would be open to extension
only if there is an agreement on new
conditions for further releases while on
one hand Hamas has rejected any further
temporary pause and has said that it
will discuss only a permanent
ceasefire on the other hand Israel has
ruled out a permanent ceasefire and said
that it will only agree to limited
humanitarian pauses until Hamas is
defeated meanwhile Han also met with
Iran's foreign minister before traveling
to Egypt for the
[Music]
talks