India has voted in favor of a UN
resolution calling for immediate
ceasefire in Gaza now this resolution
was backed by Arab countries it called
for humanitarian ceasefire and release
of all the hostages immediately India
has voted along with 153 countries who
voted in favor and uh 10 countries have
voted against it and predictably uh us
and Israel have voted against this now
23 countries have abstained India has
voted in favor of this resolution goes
uh uh differently from what it had done
in October on October 26th it had
abstained from voting when it was asked
uh uh why India did that it was said
that India had to uh uh drive home the
point that India has zero tolerance for
terrorism and this uh resolution had not
condemned it in a very uh clear way in
clear word so India had abstained on
that but there were other five
resolutions which were which were
criticizing is is is Israeli settlers
and India had voted in favor of that now
the questions being asked where uh had
India's policy on Palestine changed
because initially when the 7th October
attack took place we had seen a tweet in
from PM Modi immediately condemning the
attack and after that there was no
balancing statement as far as uh it goes
traditionally but after the October
abent of India from uh the voting we had
seen that India did engage with the gulf
countries West Asian countries Qatar UAE
and we have also seen how uh the aid
humanitarian has Aid has been sent into
Gaza now what has happened today what
has changed today now we can see that
there has been a change in uh uh mood of
the world as well India is now trying to
find balance because it has old
relations and important security uh
trade anti-terror relations with Middle
East West Asian countries and lacks of
Indians are staying there on the on the
other hand we have also seen the
sympathy for Israel reing the number of
civilians being killed in Gaza has had
this effect and India is trying to fine
tune find uh balance both between Israel
with which it has a very good relation
now and also the gulf countries with
with with whom India has a traditional
and strong relation and getting stronger
every day