moving on to the war between Israel and
Hamas US National Security adviser Jake
Sullivan said today that the US doesn't
believe it's right for Israel to
reoccupy Gaza over the long term this
comes after Sullivan's meeting with
Israeli officials the day before to
pressure Israel to lower the intensify
of its military campaign in Gaza to
which the Israeli Prime Minister said
his country will continue the fighting
until complete victory or Kim J has the
latest US President Joe Biden's security
adviser Jake Sullivan gave details on
Friday of his meeting with Israeli Prime
Minister Benyamin Netanyahu and his War
cabinet in Tel Aviv the before the US
National Security adviser said the US
agrees with Israel that the fight
against Hamas is going to take months
but he added that the Israeli government
has indicated that it doesn't have a
long-term plan to occupy Gaza and that
ultimately the control of Gaza has to
transition to the
Palestinians now the question of how
that transition occurs over what time
table we are having intensive
discussions about but the US position on
this is clear we do not believe that it
makes sense for Israel or is right for
Israel to occupy Gaza reoccupy Gaza over
the long term Sullivan's visit came just
days after Biden said at a fundraiser
that Israel was losing international
support because of what he called its
industry crie bombing but after
Thursday's meeting the Israeli Prime
Minister hadn't changed his
stance we are more determined than ever
to continue fighting until Hamas is
eliminated until complete
Victory the US National Security adviser
added that he plans to meet with
president of the Palestinian National
Authority mahammed Abbas in rala later
on Friday to discuss ongoing efforts to
promote stability in the West Bank to
revamp and Revitalize the Palestinian
Authority meanwhile the total death toll
in Gaza has now surpassed
18,700 since the War Began on October
7th according to Palestinian Health
officials Kim Jang news