as Iran reigned missiles on Israel Tel
aviv's already overburdened air defense
systems faces the ultimate test my
colleague him cor sya brings you all the
latest details about the multi-layered
air defense system let's take a
look Iran is putting Israel's already
overburdened air defense systems to the
ultimate test thean has initiated
hundreds of missiles and drone strikes
on targets across Israel will the
Israeli air defense system be able to
fend off these attacks here's a closer
look at the multi-layer air defense
system Israel it's developed the arrow
system with the US interestingly the
system operates outside the atmosphere
it is designed to intercept long range
missiles including the types of
ballistic missiles Iran said that it
launched this system it's also been used
in the current War to intercept long
range missiles launched by Hui militants
in Yemen Israel it's also developed the
David sling air defense system with the
United States it's meant to intercept
medium- range missiles such as those
possessed by the Hezbollah in Lebanon
the American made Patriot it's the
oldest member of Israel's missile
defense system it was first put into Ed
during the first Gulf War in 1991 to
intercept Scot missiles fired by Iraq's
leader at the time Saddam H said the
Patriot it's now used to shoot down
aircraft including drones let's talk
about the Iron Dome as well Israel's
Iron Dome system it's also been
developed with the United States backing
it specializes shooting down short range
Rockets the Iron Dome it has intercepted
thousands of rockets since it was
activated early last decade this
includes thousands of interceptions
during the current war against Hamas and
hisbah Israel claims it has a success
rate of over 90% Israel is also
developing a new Iron beam system to
intercept incoming threads with laser
technology Israel claims this system
will be a game changer because it is
much cheaper to operate than the
existing systems that it has in its
Arsenal however Israel's cost effective
iron beam system that is not operational
yet so that is where things stand on
that front for all the latest news
download the weon app And subscribe to
our YouTube channel