against the Israeli government's
proposal for judicial overhaul has
gained further momentum demonstrations
have now entered the 26th week there are
no signs of slowdown as tens of
thousands of protesters gathered across
the country on Saturday afternoon
protest leaders announced that
demonstrations will be intensified in
the coming week with extra protests
scheduled to take place today
at the bengurion airport according to
protest organizers over 200 000 people
came out to protest on Saturday of which
150 000 people were present at the
Kaplan Junction in Tel Aviv
demonstrations against the effort to
remake the judicial system gathered
renewed steam over the past week as the
coalition government Advanced a bill to
curtail judicial oversight over
government decisions
everything continues to move they try to
pass each day new laws that will limit
our civil rights and this This concerns
everyone in the country it's it turns
Jewels it hurts Arabs it hurts students
it hurts workers and we try we're trying
to stop it and like they try to do uh
something horrible every day and so far
the protests are successful in holding
them back and we don't know what is
going to happen in the future but we we
try we fight for a home
in addition to the Detention of a number
of prominent protesters this week it was
reported that an official task force was
being set up by the far-right national
security minister to probe
anti-government comments on Friday
opponents of the judicial overhaul
rallied outside the homes of several
ministers and in addition hundreds of
military reservists many in elite units
said they will no longer volunteer for
duty if the contentious proposal is
passed Benjamin Netanyahu who is on
trial for corruption and allies in his
nationalist religious governments say
the overhaul is needed to rein in an
overly interventionist Judiciary and
restore power to elected officials
critics say the plan would append
Israel's delicate system of checks and
balances and push the country towards
dictatorship
foreign
[Music]