the surprise Hamas assault on Israel has
opened up a new front in the US election
campaign as Republicans accused
President Joe Biden of being soft in his
defense of Israel and in his handling of
Iran Trump says he was the best friend
Israel ever had and is questioning
Biden's foreign policy now President Joe
Biden hit out at Donald Trump on the
other side for describing Hezbollah as
very smart even as the Lebanese militant
group exchanges fire with Israel now
dubbing lebanon-based Hezbollah a wishes
group he said and I quote you know heah
is very smart they're all very smart
listen to
this and so when I see sometimes the
intelligence you talk about the
intelligence or you talk about some of
the things that went wrong over the last
week they've got to straighten it out
because they're fighting potentially a
very big Force they're fighting
potentially
Iran and when they have people saying
the wrong things everything they say is
being digested by these people because
they're vicious and they're smart and
boy are they vicious because nobody's
ever seen the kind of sight that we've
seen Donald Trump also said Israel let
his
administration down during the US
assassination of Iranian General kasm
[Music]
Suman Israel was going to do this with
and it was being planned and working on
it for months and now we had everything
all set to go and the night before it
happened I got a call that Israel will
not be
participating in this
attack Trump used the platform to also
call out Biden's mismanagement of the
crisis and for pushing the world closer
to World War
I fortunately with the most corrupt and
incompetent president in our history
history we're closer to World War III
than anyone can understand there's never
been a time where we've been closer
we're inches away and we have a man that
literally can't speak he can't get off a
stage hitting back Biden said it is
absurd that anyone much less someone
running for president would choose now
to attack us Ally Israel much less
praise Hezbollah terrorists as very as
very smart now Israeli Communications
Minister also criticized Trump schlomo
Kari said the former US president cannot
be relied upon after wounding the
spirits of Israeli
[Music]
Fighters