close to 1 million children inside Gaza
are not spending this new year at home
for many the homes they fled are in
Ruins alongside their hopes for the year
ahead I wish not to die in 2024 says
11-year-old lean we have no bathroom no
food and no water our childhood is
gone above their heads Rockets fired
toward Israel are inter accepted Hamas
calling the barrage revenge for Israel's
Massacre of
civilians on the ground fighting rages
into the new year 2 Israel claiming it
killed a Hamas Commander involved in the
October 7th attacks but for the first
time since then Israel's military says
it will pull back on some of its
operations in Gaza withdrawing some
reservists for now to get them back into
their day jobs in Israel's economy and
to move toward more localized attacks on
Hamas Targets in Gaza over the coming
months well I think it's part of the
whole Israeli military plan in Gaza
Street basically it was expected meaning
former Israeli intelligence official ABI
mamad says he expects a focus on the
southern city of can Yunis and the Egypt
Gaza border a Target that Israeli leader
Benjamin Netanyahu says he wants to
control one of the major sources of
Hamas huge incoming um smuggling of
weapons and and ammunitions and many
other things actually huge massive
network of tunnels that Hamas dug
beneath the Hamas the Gaza and Egypt
border across from gaza's other border
inside Israel Defense Minister yuav
Galant spoke from a kibot devastated in
the October 7th attacks he said members
of some of those communities will be ble
to return home soon whether any of those
traumatized survivors will want to go
back is another matter Redmond Channon
Global News London