[Music]
after a decade in power in Israel
Benjamin Netanyahu is facing his worst
ever election result here on the brief
from Brussels we're taking a look at how
these crucial Israeli elections are
being viewed in the European Union
whoever ends up in charge in Israel the
chances are slim that the situation in
the West Bank will change the --use
monitoring the neck-and-neck tussle in
the elections between the right-wing
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu and his rival the centrist
manycam for the EU the peace process in
the Middle East is at stake the
two-state solution is so very laid it is
not very close I mean we don't even have
a process for it but I think it's it's
it's really important now that we also
have a better relationship because it's
been a lot of tension between the
European Parliament and Israel and I
don't think that is fruitful the
European Union remains committed to the
idea of a two-state solution and
condemns Israeli settlements in the West
Bank we repeat the call on Israel to end
all settlement activity and to dismantle
the outposts that have been erected and
continued Israeli expansion in the West
Bank it's a possibility as they intend
Demento after the United States moved
its embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem
some EU member states also wanted to do
it it would amount to a shift in
Europe's approach to the peace process
and the new European Commission which
takes over on November the 1st will have
a choice will it continue to press hard
on this new Israeli government or will
it take a softer approach Jack Perry
euronews Brussels the European
Parliament has boosted support for
higher education and research lawmakers
voted through a 100 million euro top up
for the flagship programs Erasmus and
horizon 2020 they support student
mobility and academic research the
European Parliament is set to vote to
urge member states to implement the
already agreed anti-money laundering
rules international law poor cooperation
and information sharing between EU
national authorities are seen as the
main obstacles to preventing criminal
financing
[Music]