and Von's correspondent Susan tan has
been tracking the story pretty closely
for his from New York she caught up with
gilad iron Israel's permanent representa
of the United
Nations now is slammed the United
Nations human rights council's calls to
investigate sexual violence against
Israeli women as biased now Eran has
further called the UN HRC as an
anti-semitic
body listening to what has been
said the United Nations to do in this
regard would their investigation be
sufficient enough for you there their
call to uh investigate is a joke because
they called a biased anti-semitic body
that was established by the Human Rights
Council and we know who sits who sits at
on the human rights councils countries
like Cuba Venezuela sometimes Pakistan
even Iran these are the countries that
are members of the the human right
Council they established an anti-semitic
Commission of inquiry against Israel two
years ago and this is the committee that
un women called for uh the invest that
will conduct the in investigation it's
nothing more than a joke uh I I called
to investigate un women for abandoning
Israeli women for not standing for the
values that they should preserve and
maintain we expect the UN leadership and
first and foremost the Secretary General
to condemn Hamas to condemn Kamas and
and send a clear message to the people
of Gaza that everything that is
happening right now in Gaza is only
under the responsibility of Hamas they
should be held accountable for the
situation because they are being
controlled they are being ruled by
terrorists by people who oppress women
by uh by people who embed their uh
terrorist infrastructure under and
within civilian uh facilities inside
schools they store weapons and missiles
inside schools underneath hospitals
that's their standards and the UN is
silent Ambassador thank you very much
for speaking to us thank you very much
Von is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move