calling for the release of hostages
Israeli protesters gathered again Sunday
at the kareim Shalom border crossing and
temporarily blocked humanitarian Aid in
gasa Palestinians have been scrambling
to get socks of flour as the United
Nations warned some areas face
famine this amount is for seven people
see how little this cost 50
shekel that's about $13
us the UN relief and works agency onra
in charge of helping about 2/3 of gaza's
2.3 million population is now facing its
own crisis 12 of its staff members have
been accused of involvement in the
October 7 Hamas terror attack in Israel
during which 1,200 people were killed
and some 240 were taken hostage un
Secretary General Antonio gutterz
confirmed Sunday in a statement that
many of the accused have been fired and
an investigation is ongoing he also
called on at least nine countries
including the United States to
reconsider their decisions to stop
funding the agency permanent
representatives to the Arab League held
an emergency meeting in Cairo to discuss
the
matter countries are responsible for the
continuation of un funding and not to
follow double standards they should not
show hurried
reactions
Israel's ambassador to the United
Nations gader Dan warned Sunday that
countries who continue funding onra
before a comprehensive investigation is
completed quote should know their money
might be used for terrorism Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
meanwhile has tried to appease domestic
demonstrations by those demanding he do
more to secure the hostages return and
calling for the Israeli leadership to
resign it only strengthens the demands
of Hamas it only increases their demands
and distances the goal we all want the
return of all the
hostages as Israel continued targeting
Hamas militants in Gaza representatives
of Qatar Israel the United States and
Egypt were said to be meeting Sunday to
negotiate a potential new ceasefire and
release of more
hostages the news came as the Hamas Ron
Gaza Health Ministry announced the
civilian death toll in Gaza has
surpassed
26,000 Veronica Valderas cesas vaa
news