nearly 6 months into the assault on Gaza
it's clear no one in The besieged
Enclave is safe on Monday night seven
Aid workers were killed in De alala in
an Israeli air
strike I am living here in the tents
next to them and this strike happened
there is burnt vehicle there and this is
the second one and both are armed cars
so it is obvious that they belong to
foreigners we sudden saw the strike on
them and we run to evacuate them what
can we say may God bless them whoever
they
were all but one were foreigners working
for the charity World Food Kitchen
delivering Aid to try avert Al looming
famine the us-based organization said
Israel's attack killed citizens of the
UK Australia Poland the US and Canada
along with their Palestinian driver
their bodies were pulled from a vehicle
clearly marked with the Charity's logo
many of them were wearing protective
gear also brandishing the symbol in a
statement the charity said the Israeli
Army was well aware of the Convoy
movements which was hit after unloading
more than 100 tons of food Aid at a
warehouse World Central Kitchen has now
suspended its operations in the region
the organization was part of the first
voyage to deliver food Relief by sea and
helped open a maritime route into Gaza
last month the future of that route is
now in Jeopardy officials have confirmed
ships carrying more than 200 tons of aid
for Gaza will now return to Greek
administered Cyprus without delivering
their cargo Benjamin Netanyahu has
admitted to the strike saying it was
unintended unfortunately in the last day
there was a tragic case of our forces
unintentionally heating innocent people
in the Gaza Strip this happens in war
time we are thoroughly looking into it
are in contact with the governments and
will do everything to ensure it does not
happen again a groups say at least 27
children have died of starvation and
disease in Gaza they accuse Israel of
restricting the flow of much needed
humanitarian relief this latest attack
will only stifle that flow further and
hurt the desperate civilians of Gaza in
the process Isabella bull trt world