Hamas and its Allied Palestine Islamic
Jihad militant group have reportedly
rejected the Egyptian proposal to
renounce power in the Gaza Strip in
Return of a ceasefire in return for a
ceasefire this comes as both the
militant groups are holding separate
talks with Egyptian mediators Egypt has
proposed a three-stage ceasefire plan
which is backed by Qatar this plan has
reportedly been proposed to Israel Hamas
the United States and the European
government as well in the first phase of
this plan and Hamas would free all
civilian captives in return for the
release of Palestinian prisoners over a
truce of 7 to 10 days during the second
phase over another week-long truce Hamas
would release all female Israeli
soldiers in return for more Palestinian
prisoners while the Final Phase would
involve a comprehensive ceasefire the
release of remaining Israeli soldiers in
return for a number of remaining
Palestinian
prisoners this would be followed by
Israel pulling back to gaza's borders
throughout the ceasefire Egypt would
also lead talks to reunite Hamas and the
Palestinian Authority who would then
jointly appoint a government of experts
to run the West Bank and Gaza ahead of
future
elections now news agency Reuters has
reported citing Egyptian security
officials that the plan to overhaul Gaza
Authority is unacceptable to Hamas and
the Islamic Jihad both the groups are
unwilling to discuss any concessions
beyond the release of hostages however
the officials of the two militant groups
have separately added that no deal will
be on the table until there's a complete
halt of Israeli
aggression on the other hand the
Egyptian plan might not gain traction
with the Israeli side as well Reports
say the Israeli War cabinet is divided
on this proposal the main bone of
contention is over the demand of a
full-fledged Seas Fire by the
Palestinian side while Israel only wants
a pause this as Israel will have to pull
back from its stated mission of
eradicating Hamas which does not appear
to be acceptable to prime minister
Benjamin
[Music]
Netanyahu