it's 150 days exactly since ziv and G
Burman were taken hostage by Hamas from
kafar AA the kabitz near Gaza where the
family lived 150 long days since the
twin brothers were last heard from they
are very strong they have the ability to
brush problems off of
them
ER they are very humorous they
can they're in Hell let's put it there
are in
hell but in hell they have the ability I
hope I know they I know them to cope
with everything Lan Burman believes the
Israeli government is doing all it can
to bring the hostages home but the wait
for news has taken a toll I'm not the
best husband I'm not the best father but
I'm doing whatever I can to keep myself
focused on the realist of my brothers
and I will treat myself after they will
be here there is a push to get a deal by
Ramadan which starts in 6 days time but
the days are passing with little
movement technical talks are ongoing in
Cairo at the moment but Israel hasn't
yet sent a delegation to the Egyptian
Capital because they say that Hamas have
not given them information that they've
asked for about whether some of the
hostages are alive or dead as for the
chance of a new deal in the coming days
it kind of depends who you speak to
some are more optimistic others are
urging
caution Benny Gant a senior member of
Israel's war cabinet but also a
political rival to Benjamin Netanyahu
has arrived in Washington for talks with
the US vice president secretary of state
and National Security adviser Netanyahu
didn't approve the trip and is
reportedly
Furious gans's trip coincides with the
strongest words yet from the US
Administration the Israeli government
must do more to significantly increase
the flow of
Aid no
excuses they must open new border
crossings they must not impose any
unnecessary restrictions on the delivery
of
Aid Rockets were fired from Gaza into
the Israeli town of sto
today it's a sign that Hamas isn't
defeated and is still putting up a fight
almost 5 months into this war alist bule
Sky News in Jerusalem