in the days since amas launched its
deadly attacks on Israel and the
Israelis resulting retaliation images of
the attacks and those have abducted
injured and killed civilians have been
circulating on social media it has
psychologist cautioning of the toll
these graphic images can have on a
child's wellbeing the bombarding of
images and messages can be overwhelming
can contribute to a sense of unsafety um
and also a sense of uncertainty which
can bring about feelings of anxiety and
fear psychologist Dasa Milani vergi says
parents must address their own emotions
first however to avoid their feelings
getting in the way parents and
caregivers should find out what their
children know about the conflict and
make the conversation about them and
their feelings for young children their
fears may come through physiologically
like headaches and that might be the
sign it's the right time to talk to them
Alani vergie says some ways to help
young children process their feelings is
by doing artwork writing letters or even
joining a fundraiser whatever kinds of
things will help them know that they are
doing something that is in line with
their values allows us to remember that
even in this state of lack of control
and distress we all still have some
power to do something and to do what is
right older children however may be more
exposed to news and social media and
it's important to talk to them if you
notice they're having a hard time I
would say if you're noticing that a
child of yours or teenager of yours is
having a hard time go for a walk with
them um have that conversation in a way
that you can really focus on them some
school boards are also taking action
putting out statements about available
resources the Toronto district school
board says parents can contact School
principles for more information on
Mental Health supports while Halton
District School Board also suggests
speaking with a teacher or calling kids
help phone if needed with prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu singling Israel
strikes on Gaza would continue Alani
vergie encourages youth muting certain
topics on social media or choosing one
source to access information to balance
getting the news without overwhelming
yourself Sean preville Global News