foreign Nationals have been seen leaving
Gaza this morning via the Rafa Crossing
into Egypt they're the first people to
be allowed to leave The Enclave since
the War Began meanwhile phone and
internet services have apparently been
cut again in Gaza as Israel intensifies
both its ground and air attacks in the
region well these are live pictures that
we have of the Rafa Crossing uh in
southern Gaza now ambulances and Aid
trucks are on the Egyptian side of the
crossing waiting for the to come through
and transport them to a nearby Field
Hospital in the town of shik
zoed well this was the moment that the
gates
opened earlier this morning the foreign
secretary said UK teams were ready to
assist British Nationals as soon as they
are able to leave Egyptian security
sources are said up to 500 foreign
passport holders could pass from Gaza
into Egypt
today well these images show some of
those able to leave have been taken by
the Associated Press News Agency the
Palestinian Authority said that more
than 400 foreign passport holders would
be permitted to leave
Gaza well here are some of the day's key
developments as we've been saying the
Gaza Egypt border crossing has been
opened to allow foreign Nationals and
according to some reports some
critically injured people to leave the
besieged Gaza Street
Israeli forces said 11 of their soldiers
were killed inside Gaza yesterday which
comes after the military claimed that it
hit 11,000 targets since the beginning
of the
war meanwhile Gaza Hospital officials
say more than 50 people have been killed
after an air strike in the jabal balaya
refugee camp in the north of the strip
the Israeli Defense Force struck the
camp claiming it was targeting a Hamas
Commander gaza's largest
telecommunications provider says
internet and phone networks are down
again across the strip it's the second
blackout in the past week