the White House says that Israel is
facing a very public and very viable
threat from Iran with Joe Biden saying
that an attack could come sooner rather
than later various intelligence sources
have told us media that an attack is
expected in the next couple of days the
US is trying to work the back channels
to stop this from happening calling
intermediary countries to put pressure
on tyan to step back from the brink
these countries including China Saudi
Arabia and turkey but nevertheless the
US is also preparing itself for an
attack Ed is deploying more assets to
the to the region including more troops
troops that could help with air defense
whether that be shooting down missiles
uh remains to be seen but John Kirby the
spokesperson for the National Security
Council said quote it would be imprudent
if we didn't take a look at our own
posture in the region to make sure that
we're properly prepared as well Iran
really is trying to thread a needle here
trying to give a response which H is
large enough to impress its own
population uh in the wake of that attack
on the Consulate in Damascus uh but also
not hoping to spark a wider conflict
with Israel and particularly with the
United States we've heard from various
sources that Iran is expected not to
Target any of the US troops in the
region of course there are thousands of
troops uh on deployment across the
Middle East and those attacks have
stopped uh in the last couple of weeks
after the US responded to attacks on its
troops by iran-backed militia in the
area uh but American Media particularly
ABC reporting that around 100 cruise
missiles are being readied by the
Iranians now Joe Biden has said that we
are devoted to the defense of Israel we
still support Israel and help will help
defend Israel and Iran will not succeed
but right now the US on tent hooks
waiting for this attack to happen we'll
see when that happens within the next
few days if intelligence sources are to
be believed