now Israel's Relentless campaign of
bombing the Gaza Strip has resulted in
nearly half the buildings having been
destroyed or damaged the medical
infrastructure is also taking a big hit
in the Gaza Strip all major hospitals in
the besieged Palestinian onclave have
now run out of oxygen they've also run
out of fuel and therefore they have
little to no power supplies signaling
that things are expected to get worse so
far as the humanitarian situation the
Gaz is was concerned a doctor from the
Gaza Strip has said that the Region's
largest Medical Center the alcha
hospital is now out of service for
injured patients the facility can no
longer accept any patients and
ambulances have stopped evacuating the
wounded Palestinians and bringing them
to the alifa hospital for two reasons
one it is completely run out of
resources and secondly the israelies
have completely surrounded the alifa
hospital as well an estimated 40
patients in the Intensive Care Unit face
potential death if fuel water and oxygen
are not immediately provided for
them the situation overall is difficult
according to our colleague there there
is no water no electricity they cannot
communicate between each other there is
a lot of targeting around the
hospital uh kids and infants newborns in
the ICU are facing death due to lack of
uh uh like
sources 40 40 patient in the main ICU
are also facing imminent death if there
is no fuel no water or safe evacuation
provided for
them these are some of the horrifying
scenes that have emerged from the
Indonesian Hospital in the Gaza City in
the northern part of Gaza a member of
the medical facility was seen installing
an LED light bulb amidst a power cut at
the facility doctors are treating
injured civilians using nothing more
than the flashlights from their mobile
phones the doctors at the Indonesian
Hospital were desperately trying to
rescue a month old baby after he
sustained severe head injury the doctors
were using manual resuscitators to save
the infant after the hospital run out of
fuel and
electricity
for