the Battleground in Gaza continues to
crumble under Israel's military
operations while Israel remains
persistent that the fight will continue
until Hamas is eliminated close to 2
million displaced Palestinians in the
region are exhausted as they have
nowhere to go and supplies remain scarce
the city of K Yunis remained at the
epicenter of fighting as Israeli forces
continue to ramp up their operations in
Central and Southern Gaza meanwhile
medical officials at the AKA Ms Hospital
in central Gaza say that at least 35
Palestinians killed and dozens others
have been injured here in the past day
now visuals from the area show
destruction caused in residential areas
the medical staff remains stretched with
doctors saying that they are working at
300% of their
capacity
[Music]
the assault continues in the backdrop of
Qatar revealing that Hamas has agreed in
principle to resume hostage deal talks
meanwhile in their albala a funeral was
held for journalist Jabar Abu hadrus a
day after he was killed by Israeli
strikes outside the al- AKA
hospital now the death of journalists
continue to rise with several media
Watchdog organizations saying that more
journalists have been killed in the
ongoing War than any other conflict in
the last 30 years there are flare ups on
other fronts as well the Israeli Army
said early Saturday that it was carrying
out strikes in Syria after two rockets
fired from the country fell into
territory under its control the IDF did
not confirm the location where the
Rockets fell but Israel does consider
Golden Heights in the north as part of
its
territory Israel also says it has
completed a series of extensive strikes
against Hezbollah Targets in
Lebanon Hezbollah Israel Crossing
cross-firing which has escalated since
the war broke out has so far been
limited to the areas at the border
however fears remain of a spill over on
the Diplomatic front South Africa has
filed an application in the
international court of justice against
Israel's genocidal acts the Palestinian
foreign Ministry has welcomed this
decision while Israel has dismissed the
case as both legally and factually
[Music]
incorrect