begin with breaking updates uh coming in
Hamas has launched several Rockets uh
this is in the airport in Tel Aviv and
there are many aircraft Landings that
have been denied and planes are
currently being diverted look at the
plight of the innocent passengers who
were trying to flee from the war zone
these visuals that we're going to play
out through passengers cover on the TAC
as the sirens start blaring
all right let's break down these visuals
for you show you these impactful visuals
of what the situation is like on ground
remember the sirens were H and this is
part of the air defense system of Israel
as soon as the sirens go on it means
that Rockets are being fired towards
Israel by the Hamas terrorist and look
at this the passengers can be uh seen
trying to cover and immediately go
towards safety and these are people who
are in Israel who have been caught in
the crossfires and are trying to escape
from there immediately as they hear the
sirens uh they take a cover they duck as
they hear the sirens go off uh this is a
kind of fear that people in Israel are
living with as the war continues there
are people who are caught in the
crossfire who are struggling and living
with fear every single moment take a
look at these pictures and it gives you
a better idea of what the situation is
like these are people people who are
trying to flee from Israel because of
the situation there and they're at the
airport that's when the sirant suddenly
start going off this is part of the uh
air do the air defense system of Israel
as the sirens go off it means that
Rockets are being fired from Hamas uh
from the Gaza Strip by the Hamas
terrorist towards Israel now though the
Iron Dome intercepts these Rockets there
is a fear that these Rockets could reach
the ground and obliterate the entire
region and that's the kind of fear that
you're seeing in the faces of the
passengers here