US Secretary of State Anthony blinkin on
an extensive visit in the Middle East
meeting leaders and appealing to them to
take a guarded approach towards the
ongoing war between Hamas and Israel in
Gaza he managed a big diplomatic win
convincing Egypt to open its border for
foreign Nationals stuck in Gaza Egypt
has put in place uh a lot of material
support for people in uh in Gaza and
Rafa will be will be open uh we're
putting in place with the United Nations
with Egypt with Israel with others the
mechanism by which to get the assistance
in and to get it to the people who need
it but Israel has dug in its heels
denying media reports of a ceasefire to
allow evacuation in South Gaza via the
Rafa
border blinkin is racing against time to
avert an open on ground conflict like
Kissinger who is known for shuttle
diplomacy because of his various short
flights to several Middle East
capitals blink and 2 has been making
quick hop
overs but unlike Kissinger blinkin has a
much daunting task to convince every
Arab country to stay away from this
conflict Egyptian president Abdul fat
Ali has put a condition that the borders
will open if alongside foreign Nationals
Aid material to Gaza residents is
allowed to move into
Gaza while Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia
Muhammad bin Salman conveyed the
Kingdom's opposition to the targeting of
civilians and infrastructure in the Gaza
Strip in Qatar the Prime Minister
Muhammad bin Abdul Rahman bin Jim Alani
said that hamas's office will not be
closed in
Qatar but one country which is not part
of the Middle East and yet has kept
tempers Rising is Iran it has now openly
threatened Israel calling for an
immediate end to aggression against
[Music]
Palestinians and to check Iran's
probable participation in the SW us has
even reached out to China which has
cordial relations with Iran Israel has
still not started its ground incursion
in Gaza the Raa border crossing near
Egypt has still not been open despite
claims from the US state department and
amid all this Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin is on a wider Middle East trip
meeting the representatives of all the
Arab states convincing them to not
engage in the Israel Hamas War but amid
all this a cloud of UN certainty has
enged the entire Raza strip in New Delhi
Mohammad gazali for indtv