[Music]
no one's touched this ruble for two
months Abdul Aziz a hot lead son used to
live here with his family until Israeli
soldiers came and knocked the building
down the reason no permit Abdul Aziz
lives in his MA Palestinian village
surrounded by his Rayleigh settlements
the road many of the settlers use was
built on his land and the wall that
surrounds has my passes behind his house
good day I'm out of the lovest thou me
good there you always feel threatened by
the settlers always because they have
weapons and what do we have you feel
their life they take it from us they say
we are about to attack if they see you
with a city they will take it I am an
old man 70 years old
imagine what it's like for the young
people a weirwood eleven there are three
entrances into hasma which can be closed
by his ray soldiers at any time and the
wall has cut off the village from 40
percent of its land another 20 percent
was lost in nearby settlements philip
tattaglia the park there is a plan to
make this land Israeli by using the wall
the military checkpoints and the
settlements his MO has been split off
from Jerusalem by a military checkpoint
since 1990 there is also the apartheid
wall at the edge of the village
and some people are trapped by it or
fever hurt or wounded or Israel
considers the wall necessary to prevent
attacks against its military and
civilians and has refused to give up the
local settlements down the valley that
way is ein Fuhrer or Emperor and it
actually used to supply the water for
Jerusalem which is only about 10 to 15
kilometers away from here it also used
to be part of the land's controlled by
the village of his MA but it's now under
Israeli control and Palestinians rarely
come here Israel wants to include these
settlements within its borders as part
of any future deal but outside of the
settlements some Palestinian Bedouins
camps remain it's a way of life that
goes back generations
Shepard's still drive their flocks
across these hills as they've done for
hundreds of years but in this land of
walls and checkpoints it's rare to find
the open expanses for them to roam I
will crush a maje
TRT world has met in the occupied West
Bank
[Music]
you