I am shocked by the
misrepresentations by some of my
statement yesterday in the security
Council as
if as if I was justifying acts of Terror
by
amas this is
false it was the
opposite in the beginning of my
intervention yesterday I clearly stated
and I quote I have condemned
unequivocally the glorifying and
unprecedented 7 October acts of Terror
by amas in Israel nothing can justify
the deliberate killing injuring and
kidnapping of civilians or the launching
of rockets against civilian targets end
quote indeed I spoke of the Grievances
of the Palestinian
people and in doing so I also clearly
stated and I quote but the Grievances of
the Palestinian people cannot justify
the appalling attacks by amas end quote
and then I went on with my intervention
referring all my positions on all
aspects of the Middle East
crisis I
believe it was necessary to set the
record
straight especially out of
respect to the victims and to their
families thank you I am shocked by the
mises presentations by some of my
statement yesterday in the security
Council as
if as if I was justifying acts of Terror
by
amas this is
false it was the
opposite in the beginning of my
intervention yesterday I clearly stated
and I quote I have condemned
unequivocally the orfy and unprecedented
7 October acts of Terror by amas in
Israel nothing can justify the
deliberate killing injuring and
kidnapping of civilians or the launching
of rockets against civilian targets end
quote indeed I spoke of the Grievances
of the Palestinian
people and in doing so I also clearly
stated and I quote that the Grievances
of the Palestinian people cannot justify
the appalling attacks by amamas end
quote and then I went on with my
intervention referring all my positions
on all aspects of the Middle East
crisis I believe it was necessary to set
the record
straight especially out of
respect to the victims and to their
families thank you from breaking news
detailed analysis in-depth interviews
and explainers follow the times of India
subscribe to our YouTube channel don't
forget to like our videos and hit the
Bell icon to stay updated with the
latest