remember this iconic image of
sixteen-year-old fuzzy alginate he
blindfolded and surrounded by more than
20 Israeli soldiers in the occupied West
Bank or this leaked video of IDF
soldiers cheering after they fire on an
unarmed Palestinian in Gaza what Israel
could possible which would mean filming
or photographing this could get you 10
years in jail in the wake of the IDF
killing 116 protesters and injuring more
than 13,000 in Gaza Israel's defense
minister avi - a Lieberman has backed a
proposed new law which says anyone who
shoots a video or a photo or record
soldiers while they are doing their job
with the aim of disturbing the morale of
soldiers and citizens will be sentenced
to five years imprisonment in case this
is done with the aim of destabilizing
the state security the perpetrator will
be sentenced to ten years imprisonment
it would also prohibit the sharing of
videos or photos on social media or with
the media Robert illative the birth
sponsor says that Israel is facing a
disturbing phenomenon of NGOs
documenting the IDF the Bulls hoglets
organizations like potassium a human
rights group working to raise awareness
of the occupation among Israelis Maxim
watch a group of woman who accompany
Palestinians crossing Israeli military
checkpoints and breaking the silence
former soldiers work to expose the truth
about military service in occupied
territories the Palestinian journalists
syndicate says it means that Israeli
soldiers could commit more crimes and
evade international justice
and while the IDF maintains that it's
the most moral army in the world Israeli
soldiers have a long history of human
rights violations and extrajudicial
killings do some in Israel want to hide
the abuse of Palestinians at the hands
of Israeli soldiers
you