let's get you the very latest from the
Israel Hamas War that's entered its
seventh month it has completed 6 months
today do remember the war started on the
7th of October last year reports suggest
that there could be a ceasefire in the
next few days but the condition of
civilians in The Enclave remains tragic
with the United Nations saying that more
than half of its population is on the
brink of a famine here's a report by my
colleague
Vish this man and his daughter start
their day in Northern Gaza by collecting
malow leaves the leaves are used to cook
a soup that the family consumes to break
their fast during Raman for most gazin
it's either that or looking up to the
sky in search of food packages being
aird
dropped 6 months into the Israel Hamas
War the catastrophe seems to be getting
worse by the day as more than half the
population of Gaza is on the brink of a
famine the entire population is
experiencing acute food insecurity and
malnutrition according to a report of
the World Bank in the UN
Northern Gaza is the epicenter of the
enclaved humanitarian catastrophe with
many residents forced to eating animal
feed according to reports the cost of
damage to infrastructure in The Enclave
is about $8.5
billion so far 26 million tons of debris
and Rubble have been left in the week of
the
destruction amid all the death and
destruction there seems to be some hope
as reports emerged from Sunday that the
Israeli military has withdrawn all
ground troops from the southern Gaza
Strip except for one Brigade it can be
recalled that Israel had been planning a
ground offensive in the southern Gaza
region of Rafa which is a refuge to more
than 1 million displaced gazans reports
are also saying that a temporary
ceasefire could be announced within a
few days the war has killed nearly
33,000 people and displace the majority
of gaza's population with permanent
ceasefire deal far from being agreed
upon by Israel and Hamas no one seems to
know when the war would come to an end
with Vishal VI NDTV Bureau report