every single day we are bombarded
hundreds of bombs thousands of bombs
have landed and houses and homes and
hospitals schools and MKS fear in her
voice Zab a school teacher from
Manchester stranded in Gaza she traveled
with her in-laws family to celebrate a
wedding just days before the atrocity
which reignited this brutal War but for
3 weeks all 11 of them have been trying
to leave to come back home and now the
situation is more desperate than ever
her signal wasn't strong and then it cut
out about 3 P.M UK
time and since then I've heard nothing
and the the bombing has
escalated as if having your daughter
trapped in a war zone wasn't enough a
communication blackout by the Israelis
means Lala is left worrying worrying for
the worst the evening before she called
me um 10:30 uh our time and she was
saying good night to me just reassuring
me that she was okay but I could hear
the Rockets going overhead and then she
just started to whisper and told me Mama
I need to go now um and that was the
last time I heard a voice and I I don't
know when I'm going to hear from her
again she shows us the messages just not
getting through it's an agonizing weit I
don't know what's happened to my
daughter I don't know what's happened to
her husband or or his
family did they make it through the
night um
it's it's just a nightmare really I I
can't describe it better than just a
living Nightmare how much are you
missing your your
daughter I don't answer that
question and her story resonates in
Scotland another family waiting for
contact hoping for good news
mother-in-law is a retired nurse
father-in-law small business owner a
retired small business owner have
nothing to do with Hamas and they are
terrified we haven't heard from them
since the intensity of the bombing uh
last night and it goes perhaps without
saying but worth reiterating that we are
one of many thousands of families I
suspect right across the world who are
desperately worried about whether or not
our loved ones are alive or dead and I
simply don't know the answer to that
question he may be the Scottish first
Minister but this anguish and Agony is a
great leveler like lala many families
will be clutching their phones a little
tighter waiting praying hoping they hear
something very soon in man rashed Sky
News Manchester