driving down this road Westbank land
planner sappa grows nervous it runs
right between two large Israeli
settlements near Jerusalem Mali adumim
and kadah we are bans we are not sure if
we are allowed to come here Israel's uh
plan to control all these lands a plan
unveiled by Israel's far-right Finance
Minister bzel smotrich would see the
transfer of 800 hectares of West Bank
land to Israel that would help expand
settlements and give Israel control of
the roads in between for Palestinians
Journeys from north to south would be
long and difficult they fear for them
the West Bank would be effectively cut
in
two over there is a road that only the
settlers can use this shows that
Minister sm's plan isn't something new
it's the continuation of an aggressive
policy to keep on occupying land and
increasing control but especially since
the 7th of October there have been
severe attacks against the land and the
Palestinians of the West
Bank inside the settlements considered
illegal under international law Israelis
welcome the plan from the end of her
garden Hannah Stein overlooks the roads
currently shared by settlers and
Palestinians Hannah's become
increasingly scared following deadly
attacks on Settlers cars and so supports
the land
transfer I would certainly feel more
secure that's for sure over that way
there are some bedwin I've heard maybe
they'll be expelled but I'm not sure if
it's true I don't like to get involved
in
politics dozens of bedwin villages built
without Israeli permits are under threat
people here tell us they're scared but
won't speak on camera out of fear of
reprisals these Palestinian bedin
Villages are perched on hilltops between
Israeli settlements and now they've been
declared on Israeli stateland making
them more at risk of expulsion and
demolition than ever this latest Israeli
appropriation of 800 hectares is the
largest land transfer since the Oslo
Accords were signed in
1993 it includes this land between
settlements near Jerusalem and Parcels
in the North Jordan Valley and it
demonstrates the Israeli government's
desire to keep building and expand its
settlement policy in defiance of
international condemnation
a