we're in Al aeria in the occupied West
Bank on Palestinian land between
Jerusalem and Bethlehem communities that
have lived here for Generations are
under threat and let me show you why
that right over there is an Israeli
settlement Israel's government has said
that it plans to expand that settlement
and displace the people living
here the move threatens to shut down
businesses along the longest stretch of
Commercial Road in the occupied West
Bank people come here from all over to
find what they need and the fear is
roads will be closed shops will shut
down and people will lose their jobs in
our Traditions
land is very important to the people
here if you take his land you take his
soul and we feel very painful when it
happens to us we we really suffer the
second point they will kill aaria if
they do it they will kill aaria if they
take the land here and then bit a wall
and we never can get through
here that means aaria will be surrounded
by the wall whenever Israel does this it
is about connecting illegal settlements
to each other and expanding their
footprint and disconnecting Palestinian
communities from each other making them
weaker and their daily lives much more
difficult everything Palestine is
targeted by the occupation land People
Trees we always fear for our children on
their way to school or when they go to
herd sheep we remain apprehensive until
they return home children have even been
run over on the
road Pro Palestinian activists say how
Israel is behaving in Palestinian
territories is akin to the wild west
they are treating it like a smash and
grab they're going in and carrying out
conflict and War in Gaza they are
carrying out brutal raids in the
occupied West Bank and while the world's
attention is elsewhere they are scooping
up more and more Palestinian land and
claiming it as their own gross
violations of international law Zay
basrai Al jazer alaria in the occupied
West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer