6 months into the Israel Hamas war and
there are definite signals that the
conflict has expanded Beyond being just
an Israel Hamas allout War now the
Israeli bombing of the Iranian Embassy
in Syria has set off a wave of
tensions after the Hezbollah chief wared
of revenge against a suspected Israeli
attack on the Iranian Embassy in
Syria a top Iranian military commander
has has now renewed calls to hit
back the warnings of both Israel and
longtime Ally United States on high
alert according to reports the US is
preparing for a possible attack by Iran
targeting Israeli or American Assets in
the region this week my Administration
released America has picked up
intelligence that Iran is planning a
retaliatory attack that would include a
swarm of Shahed loitering drones and
cruise
missiles officials say the timing and
Target well that's unknown but a
proportional response to the Damascus
attack would be to hit an Israeli
diplomatic
facility the attack is likely to come
between now and the end of Ramadan next
week at the same time Israel has also
increased its security alert to the
highest level according to reports
Israel has initiated an urgent
evacuation of its consulates the
precautionary measure includes
relocating some Israeli diplomatic
representatives to safer locations and
Advising against the organization of
public
events the decision taken by us and
Israel comes on the backdrop of a
written message where Iran has asked the
US to step aside if it doesn't want to
get dragged into Israeli Prime Minister
netanyahu's trap as the country prepares
a response to a suspected Israeli attack
on its Consulate in
Syria
while Hezbollah its main proxy in West
Asia has warned Israel that it is
prepared for
war in a recent address to supporters to
Mark Al's day the militant group's
leader said that the matter of violating
Iranian sovereignity is above all
political differences he says they
support Iran's right to punish Israel
while also stating that a response was
coming
the issue of the Iranian consulate is a
turning point in the events that
occurred from October 7th till today be
certain be sure that the Iranian
response to the targeting of Consulate
in Damascus is definitely coming against
[Music]
Israel