another big story tens of thousands of
Israeli protesters rallied in Jerusalem
against a controversial judicial Reform
Bill that now faces a key vote and this
will be a showdown between the Hardline
religious nationalist Coalition and
swaits of Israeli Society the vote would
Mark the first major piece of
legislation to be approved Israel is
calling for the proposed judicial
overhaul to be strapped
line City street cities in Jerusalem
carrying flags and beating trumps the
police used water cannons to disperse
protesters
[Music]
all right now for more on this we have
been joined by our correspondent Jody
Cohen from Jerusalem from Ground Zero
Jodi what are you seeing around you what
is playing out on the streets
hi ananya so today as you saw the
protesters did a sit-in outside the
Parliament building in Jerusalem sama's
still protesting there they seem to be
going in shifts and then coming here to
the protest Tent City I have to say it's
very well organized they have tents here
they're sleeping here they're saying
they're not moving from here until the
legislation is scrapped they're handing
out water they're handing out lunch
they're handing out ice lollies they're
very very well organized there are
thousands of people here now seeking out
much needed shade it's a very very hot
day but the sun is not deterring people
from walking long length to get to the
knesset to get here to the Tent City
we've also seen a letter that was
written by former Israeli ambassador to
India Ambassador Danny carnon and that's
calling on prime minister Netanyahu to
stop this legislation and that's been
signed by 100 former Israeli ambassadors
the doctors unions have said that they
will strike if the legislation is passed
there's a forum of 150 businesses
involving petrol stations pharmacies
shopping chains they've gone on strike
today now that's not a strike from the
historic Trade union that's not a
general strike the history has called
for ongoing talks they've said that they
believe the gaps between the Coalition
and the opposition are not big but the
protesters are here to stay and we'll
see what happens in Parliament today
with that vote
absolutely Jody a very very crucial Day
in Israel we are yet to see what pans
out inside the parliament thank you for
getting us all those insights from
Jerusalem
[Music]