uh Hamas has before it a proposal that
is
extraordinarily extraordinarily generous
uh on the part of Israel and they have
to decide quickly and I'm hopeful that
they will make the right decision and we
can have a fundamental change in the in
the dynamic
[Music]
[Music]
um your highnesses
excellencies ladies and gentlemen uh a
warm welcome to secretary economy is
doing than expected especially the us
but geopolitically we are in a kind of a
recession uh and uh your has a big task
in in maneuvering this and we know that
decisions we uh Iran uh when it comes to
this uh and that's usually
important uh and this is something we've
been on since day one trying to make
sure that um even as we work to resolve
Gaza it's uh clearly very competitive
but we want to make sure that
competition um you can see a future
where Ukraine will be strong
economically and then democratically uh
we did come very close to uh an
escalation a spread of the conflict and
I think because of very focused very
determined efforts um we've been able to
avoid it the work that Saudi Arabia and
the United States have been doing
together in terms of uh our own
agreements uh I think is potentially
very close to completion but then in
order to move forward with normalization
two things will be required common Gaza
and a credible Pathway to a Palestinian
State we've said clearly and for some
time now uh on on Rafa that in the
absence of a a plan to ensure that
civilians will not be um uh will not be
harmed uh we can't support a milit a
major military operation in Rafa uh and
we have not yet seen a plan that gives
us confidence that civilians can be
effectively protected and right now as
you said uh Hamas has before a proposal
that is extraord ordinarily
extraordinarily
generous uh on the part of Israel and In
This Moment the only thing standing
between the people of Gaza and a
ceasefire is
Hamas they have to decide and they have
to decide quickly uh so we're we're
looking to that um and I'm hopeful that
they will make the right decision and we
can have a fundamental change in the in
the dynamic Tony for your leadership and
for your hard work work thank you very
much
[Music]