[Music]
early this morning the Secretary General
has been briefed uh by the commissioner
general of Ana Philip larini regarding
extremely serious allegations which
implicate several unwa staff members in
the terror attacks of October 7th in
Israel the Secretary General is
horrified by this news and ask Mr larini
to investigate this matter swiftly and
to ensure that any un employee shown to
have participated or embedded in what
transpired on October 7th or in any
other criminal activity be terminated
immediately and referred for potential
criminal
prosecution
[Music]
[Music]
this morning regarding un as um I said
in a statement issued earlier this
morning the Secretary of general has
been briefed uh by the commissioner
general of Ana Philip larini regarding
extreme ex serious allegations which
implicate several unwa staff members in
the terror attacks of October 7th in
Israel the Secretary General is
horrified by this news and ask Mr larini
to investigate this matter swiftly and
to ensure that any un employee shown to
have participated or embedded in what
transpired on October 7th or in any
other criminal activity be terminated
immediately and referred for potential
criminal prosecution an urgent and
comprehensive uh independent review of
anoa uh will be conducted as it has been
announced by Philip larini the
commissioner general of anoa back on 17
January to protect the agency's ability
to deliver humanitarian assistance
commissioner General larini has taken
the decision uh to immediately terminate
the contracts of all these staff members
and launch an investigation in order to
establish the truth without delay any
employee of Ana who is involved in Acts
of Terror will be held accountable
including through criminal prosecution
uh and I can tell you that our
colleagues at uh oios the office for
inter um internal oversight
Investigation Services uh have been
seized of the matter and we'll be
conducting uh the investigation at un's
request