what happened uh on October 7th uh this
uh big Act of terrorism conflict cannot
be the normal of that region if there is
a issue of terrorism and we all find
terrorism unacceptable we have to stand
up on terrorism but there is also an
issue of Palestine uh there has to be a
solution for what what is uh you know
the problems which face the Palestinian
people and our view is that it has to be
a two-state solution what happened uh on
October 7th uh this uh big Act of
terrorism the subsequent happenings
after that uh this has taken the entire
region into a very different direction
but surely it must be everybody's hope
that eventually you know the conflict
cannot be the normal of that region that
it comes back to some stability some
cooperation and within within this
we have to find the balance between
different issues because uh there's no
question I mean if there is a issue of
terrorism and we all find terrorism
unacceptable we have to stand up on
terrorism but there is also an issue of
Palestine uh there has to be a solution
for what what is uh you know the
problems which face the Palestinian
people and our view is that it has to be
a two-state solution if you have to find
a solution you have to find a solution
through dialogue and negotiations you
cannot find a solution through conflict
and so we would support uh that as well
and given the current situation you know
what is happening there we do believe
that International humanitarian law must
be respected by everybody uh so uh you
know in any complex situation uh it is
not uh wise to only you know to to not
get the balance right I think that is a
very important part of addressing uh a
very uh difficult uh uh and complicated
uh
situation