the head of Israel's Military
Intelligence has resigned today saying
he takes responsibility for failures
relating to the Hamas attack of October
the 7th Aon haliva is the first senior
figure to step down after it emerged
Israeli intelligence officials missed
warnings before Hamas militants breached
the Gaza for for defense and attacked
Israeli communities killing over 1,200
people and taking some 250 hostages well
a bit earlier I to our Jerusalem
correspondent Iris MAA about this
story it appears that uh what he's
looking at is the fact that although we
don't necessarily report it this way the
war in Gaza is actually winding down
Israel had 28 divisions inside the Gaza
Strip now there are two it's left hunus
the question of what will happen in Rafa
means is to be decided further down the
line but I have just read analysis
saying from now on Israel will have to
decide between continuing the war and
saving the hostages you know it's been
written that starkly on the front page
of one of the newspapers so maybe he
thinks that this is a good time simply
to step off uh this this never ending
treadmill uh but what is interesting you
know Nadia is that as he left he said
that he supported a commission of
inquiry a state Commission of inquiry
that would have powers to subpoena
leaders documents and I think he's
saying that as he goes because there has
been been this we haven't heard that
Benjamin Netanyahu for example who has
not taken responsibility uh for these
events and does not support a state
Commission of an inquiry so I think this
is a message to him from the
professional ranks and one last thing
that's very interesting is in the
immediate aftermath of October the 7th
here when people were still reeling from
the scale of the failure a number of
pundits and ordinary people actually
were calling on the professionals the
military the military intelligence uh
other agencies not to go because they
said the danger would be the politicians
would blame them and would remain in
power so I guess what Aon khiva is
saying is uh I will leave but the
politicians should take responsibility
too