latest in the war between Israel and
Hamas the US voting against a resolution
calling for an immediate ceasefire in
Gaza the US was the only nation on the
security Council to vote against the
measure the US ambassador to the UN
Linda Thomas Greenfield saying an
unconditional ceasefire without any
obligation for Hamas to release hostages
was just irresponsible our ABC News
forign correspondent Marcus mois in Tel
Aviv so Marcus this comes as the UN
Secretary General expresses concern over
the idf's plans for Rafa what's
Netanyahu saying about the UN vote
now well Cara he's obviously keenly
aware of the pressure and the concerns
uh the international concerns about uh
any of their military operations but he
says that they will continue with their
effort and that is to achieve all of
their all of their goals which includes
eliminating uh Hamas and also uh
securing the release of all of the the
hostages but uh certainly um there is a
lot at stake and uh they are aware of
that but but based on what we've heard
from Benjamin Netanyahu and others
others in his government they will
continue to press forward with their
with their plans so what are we hearing
now about the UN world food program
suspending uh its actions due to the
violence there let's just talk about the
impact that's going to happen have when
people are already
starving yeah I mean already as you're
well aware over these past four months
and even before the October 7th Terror
attacks a number of people uh depended
on on Aid to survive and certainly the
war between Israel and Hamas has only
made that worse and uh to learn now that
the uh certain Aid groups are are
suspending their aid uh uh to parts of
of of the region that will have um a
really significant impact on people's
ability uh to uh to survive uh without a
doubt Kira all right our Marcus for
there in Tel Aviv Marcus thank
you hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching