but this is a story of violence that has
been going on now for so long and this
violence needs to be condemned but at
the end of the day what we're seeing
today and what people need to understand
is that yes you know under the guise of
of uh the right to defend itself we are
witnessing atrocities you know every
country has a right to defend itself but
not through any means not through war
crimes not through Collective punishment
you know 6,000 people civilians killed
so far 2,400 children how is that
self-defense we are seeing Butchery at a
mass scale using prec Precision weapons
you know um so for the past two weeks we
have seen the the the the indiscriminate
bombardment uh of Gaza um entire
families wiped out residential
neighborhoods flatten to the ground the
targeting of hospitals and schools and
churches and and and mosques and medical
workers journalists un uh Aid workers
how is that self-defense you
know why is why is it that whenever
Israel commits these atrocities it comes
under the banner of self-defense but
when there's
a Violence by Palestinians it is
immediately the called terrorism is the
word terrorist just reserved for
exclusively for Muslims and Arabs well
let me ask there's a real double
standard here
we seeing your husband King AB false
symmetry that we see mhm well let me ask
you this your husband King Abdullah
symmetry because these are not two
equal people in the conflict you know
one is an occupier and one is the
occupied one has a a military one of the
mightiest in the world and the other
doesn't have a mil military at all so
there is a false symmetry here that is
being drawn and there's also you know
when you say the right to defend itself
that does does not say the entire story
it doesn't say the story of the
violation of international law
international humanitarian law it
doesn't tell you the suffering and the
and the uh story of an occupation you
know Israel is in violation of no less
than 30 un security resolutions that
require it and it alone to act to
withdraw from territories occupied in
1967 to stop the settlements the
separation wall the human rights
violations this is at the Crux of this
issue it is not this hyperfixation on
Hamas