Joe Biden had his first phone call with
Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu in two
months on Monday where he told him an
Israeli operation in Rafa would deepen
Anarchy in Gaza tensions have risen
between Israel and the US its top Ally
over netanyahu's handling of the war in
Gaza US National Security adviser Jake
Sullivan said later that Biden told
Netanyahu Israel needed a coherent
strategy rather than to smash its way
into the won Enclave a major ground
operation there would be a mistake it
would lead to more innocent civilian
deaths worse in the already dire
humanitarian crisis deepen the Anarchy
in Gaza and further isolate Israel
internationally on Sunday Netanyahu had
reaffirmed his pledge to push into Rafa
in gaza's southern tip where more than
half of the territory's 2.3 million
residents have been Sheltering to escape
fighting farther north however after
Biden's call the White House said Israel
agreed to send teams to Washington to
discuss the way forward and would not
proceed with a rougher operation before
the talks happened this week or the
next meanwhile Israel claims it killed
20 militants in a deadly Clash at alifa
hospital in Gaza City early Monday in
video from Israeli forces Israeli
soldiers could be seen firing the
weapons and moving into the
compound gunshots and explosions were
heard in eyewitness footage of the raid
which Israel says also resulted in the
death of a top Hamas operative Israel
says more than 200 terrorist suspects
were apprehended in
alifa gaza's Hamas run Health Ministry
said the Israeli raid led to multiple
casualties and set off a fire in one of
the buildings fighting in Gaza continues
to take a toll on civilians cutting off
food supplies for thousands a unbacked
monitor the integrated food security
phase classification or IPC said Monday
around half of gaza's population or 1.1
million people were facing catastrophic
shortages of food and around 300,000
people there now face the prospect of
famine scale death
rates