as the war between Israel and Hamas
militants continues Israel's government
and the White House are condemning
comments by former US president Donald
Trump over the crisis that includes
criticism of Trump's once close Ally
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu saying the leader wasn't
prepared to handle the Hamas massacres
in Israel just remember how much safer
the world was under the Trump
Administration and Trump praised
lebanon's Hezbollah Group which has
since attacked Israel from the north you
know Hezbollah is very smart they're all
very smart the Press doesn't like when
they say Hezbollah is backed by Israel's
Arch Enemy Iran Israel's Communications
Minister has said the comments are
shameful hurts Israel's morale and war
effort and that it shows Trump can't be
relied on the White House is calling
what Trump said dangerous and unhinged
and that this is a time to stand
shoulder-to-shoulder with Israel several
Republican challenges for the presidency
have also condemned it including Florida
Governor Rond de santis who called it
absurd Trump made his comments at a
campaign rally in Florida he also went
further claiming that Netanyahu decided
at the last minute not to participate in
Trump's order to assassinate Iranian
General kasm Solani 3 years ago Israel
was going to do this with us and it was
being planned and working on it for
months and now we had everything all set
to go and the night before it happened I
got a call that Israel will not be
participating in this attack but I'll
never
forget I'll never forget that BB
Netanyahu let us down and then
uh BB tried to take credit for it Trump
made support for netanyahu's right-wing
policies a Cornerstone of American
foreign policy while he was in office
including moving the US Embassy to
Jerusalem which greatly angered
Palestinians the assassination of the
Iranian General and and Trump's pullout
of the Iran nuclear Accord also brought
Washington and Tran to their lowest
point in decades on Thursday evening
Trump released a statement saying there
had been no better friend or Ally of
Israel than when he was US
president