for
don't Pap kind
[Music]
small with
no
last night seven employees of the world
Central Kitchen were killed wck is an
organization whose people work across
the globe including in Israel to do good
in difficult conditions the IDF works
together closely with the world Central
Kitchen and greatly appreciates the
important work that they do the IDF
completed a preliminary
debrief I want to be very clear the
strike was not carried out with the int
mention of harming wck Aid workers it
was a mistake that followed a
misidentification at night during a war
in a very complex conditions it
shouldn't have
happened the initial findings were just
presented to me here in the southern
command I also visited the new
humanitarian Command Center that we
established today to improve the way we
coordinate Aid distribution in
Gaza we will continue taking immediate
actions to ensure that more is done to
protect humanitarian Aid
workers this incident was a grave
mistake Israel is at a war with Hamas
not with the people of Gaza we are sorry
for the unintentional arm to the members
of
wck we share in the grief of their
families as well as the entire world
Central Kitchen
organization from the bottom of our
hearts an independent body will
investigate the incident thoroughly we
will complete it in the next coming days
we will learn from the conclusions and
Implement them immediately we will share
in full
transparency the findings of the
investigation with the world Central
Kitchen and other International relevant
organization we see great importance in
the continued delivery of humanitarian
Aid and we will keep working to
facilitate this vital
effort
e
isas
for