tens of thousands of people poured from
northern Gaza into the South any way
they could caring as much as they could
Israel dropped leaflets telling them to
get out and gave them a 4-Hour pause in
the bombing but that didn't stop people
everywhere from looking up in
fear there was shelling and bombardment
all through the night we have disabled
people we left our home because the
whole area was evacuated we moved the
schools but the schools are also not
safe we didn't have food or drinking
water for our children they struck the
bakeries there is no life in
Gaza Israel said about 50,000 Gaza
residents fled the north on Wednesday
and said Palestinians Now understand
they are being used as human Shields by
Hamas but Israel is also accused of
sending Rockets into the South where
Palestinians are
Sheltering in the South we attack we
know of commanders militants government
facilities we are aware of the safer
area where we put civilians and we can
monitor humanitarian aid from the Rafa
border crossing including water medicine
and
food Israel is under intense pressure
now to agree to a 3-day humanitarian
pause in the action an idea reportedly
being discussed by the US and Israel and
cutter which is in direct talks with
Hamas meantime the occupied West Bank
continues to erupt Israeli forces shot
and wounded 19 Palestinians on Wednesday
during a raid on the city of Bethlehem
that lasted more than 6 hours and there
is more talk about what happens when the
conflict ends Israel has suggested it
would provide security in Gaza but the
White House made clear that Israel also
needs to be hands off no forcible
displacement of Palestinians uh from
Gaza not now not after the the war no
use of Gaza as a platform for terrorism
or other violent attacks no reoccupation
of Gaza after the conflict ends no
attempt to blockade or besiege Gaza no
reduction in the territory of Gaza in
one bit of good news here at gaza's
alifa hospital where Crowds Are
Sheltering and patients treated under
dire conditions a rare delivery of
Medical Aid arrived on Wednesday only
the second delivery since the war
started started Andy Rosen trt
world