the United States has said that the
world Court should not order the
withdrawal of Israeli forces from
Palestinian territories now the
international court of justice is
mulling a 2022 request and this was to
issue a non-binding opinion on the legal
consequences of the Israeli
occupation a few days ago at the Munich
security conference secretary blinkin
emphasized that it is more urgent than
ever to proceed to a Palestinian State
one that also ensures the security of
Israel and makes the necessary
commitments to do
so in light of these
considerations the court should not find
that Israel is legally obligated to
immediately and unconditionally withdraw
from occupied
territory also at the hearing Russia
called for Israel to end its occupation
of the Palestinian territories amid
dwindling ties with Washington Moscow
said Israel must stop all settlement
activities and abide by UNC resolutions
aimed at achieving a two-state solution
Israel is not taking part in the hearing
saying that the Court's involvement
could hinder a negotiated
settlement amid growing international
calls for efforts to reach a two-state
solution Israel's parliament is voted to
back prime minister benan Nathan's
declaration opposing the unilateral
creation of the Palestinian State Israel
also says that any permanent Accord with
Palestinians would be reached through
direct negotiations between the two
sides and not by International
dictates meanwhile the International
Community including the United Nations
has been accused of failing to stop
mounting Wars and conflicts that are
killing innocent people as it hosts
foreign ministers from the G20 Nations
Brazil has slammed the security Council
for its unacceptable paralysis in
relation to ongoing
conflicts this comes after Brazilian
president Lula D Silva compared Israel's
war on Gaza to Hitler's treatment of the
Jews the comments led to an ongoing
diplomatic spat between Brazil and
Israel and at the G20 meeting us
secretary of state has now asserted that
the United States does not agree with
the Brazilian leaders
remarks for latest news download the Von
app And subscribe to our YouTube channel