American leadership is what holds the
world together American allian is what
keep us America safe the risk of
conflict and Chaos could spread in other
parts of the world in the Indo Pacific
in the Middle East especially in the
Middle East Iran is is is supporting
Russia's UK in Ukraine and it's
supporting Hamas and other terrorist
groups in the region the United States
and our partners across the region are
working to build a better future for the
Middle East one where the Middle East is
more stable better connected to its
neighbors and through Innovative
projects like the Indian middle east
Europe rail caror that I announced this
year at the summit of the world's
biggest
economies more predictable markets more
employment less rage less grievances
less war when connected American
leadership is what holds the world
together American Alliance is what keep
us America safe American values are what
make us a partner that other nations
want to work with
to put all that at risk if we walk away
from Ukraine if we turn our backs on
Israel it's just not worth it that's why
tomorrow I'm going to send to Congress
an urgent budget request to fund
America's national security needs to
support our critical Partners including
Israel and
Ukraine it's a smart investment that's
going to pay dividends for American
Security for Generation in Israel we
must make sure that they have what they
need to protect their people today and
always
the Security package I'm sending to
Congress and asking Congress to do is an
unprecedented commitment to Israel's
security that will
sharpen Israel's qualitative military
Edge which we've committed to the
qualitative military Edge we're going to
make sure Iron Dome continues to guard
the Skies over Israel we're going to
make sure other hostile actors in the
region know that Israel is stronger than
ever and prevent this conflict from
spreading as I said in Israel as hard as
it is we cannot give up on peace we
cannot give up on a two-state solution
Israel and Palestinians equally deserve
to live in safety dignity and
[Music]
peace
[Music]
[Music]