hundreds of protesters outside the
United Nations
as Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu took his turn at the podium
this year facing pressure from allies
and Israelis for his controversial move
to reduce the power of the Judiciary
scoring in the paths of
now is the circle of Peace expands there
was no mention of that in his speech
Netanyahu instead promising A Renewed
Middle East normalization he says could
happen with Saudi Arabia but even as
prop was controversial picturing Israel
without any land for Palestine we will
not only bring down barriers between
Israel and our neighbors we'll build a
new Corridor of peace and prosperity
that connects Asia
through the UAE Saudi Arabia Jordan
Israel to Europe but experts say a deal
between the U.S Israel and Saudi Arabia
faces long odds the U.S would have to
agree to give Saudi Arabia nuclear
technology and security guarantees
Israel would have to make concessions to
the Palestinians and some say Israel's
current behavior is going to make it
more difficult for all Arab countries to
have an alliance the Palestinians will
remain under occupation and a deepening
apartheid that the whole world is
recognizing and you know that's going to
make it things you know chronic
instability chronic violence chronic
problems that will always be a problem
for those countries who have normalized
relations with Israel because the rest
of the Arab world sees that and the rest
of the Arab world the publics do not
support that thank you
soon after Netanyahu left the stage
Israel again launched attacks on the
Gaza Strip his message of Peace
interrupted by the violent reality that
is life there Patty culhane Al Jazeera
at the United Nations
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al Jazeera