over in the Middle East the Israeli Army
says that it had to cover the biggest
Hamas tunnel in the Gaza Strip so far in
the meantime a second Border Crossing
into Gaza has opened for humanitarian
Aid chongu has the
latest the Israeli Defense Forces said
Sunday it had discovered the biggest
Hamas tunnel in the Gaza Strip so far
the entrance to the tunnel is located a
few hundred meters from the heavily
fortified arz Crossing and a nearby
Israeli military base Israel's Chief
military spokesperson Danielle hagari
put the full length of the tunnel at 4
kilomet the military noted that the
tunnel ran diagonally downward to a
depth of 50 m where it expanded to a
relatively capacious 3 m in height and
width it had electrical fixtures and was
connected to a sprawling tunnel Network
across Gaza the idea said it would have
cost millions of dollars and taken years
to construct adding that the project was
led by the brother of the Hamas Chief
disabling underground passages and
bunkers is among the aims of the
offensive Israel launched after hamas's
October 7th attacks meanwhile a
Palestinian border official confirmed
that the Kem Shalom Crossing between
Israel and Gaza opened on Sunday for Aid
trucks to enter the strip for the first
time since the outbreak of war the move
is intended to double the amount of food
and Medicine reaching The Enclave the
official said part of the Aid had
arrived in Gaza by Sunday night while
the rest would be there on Monday the
Kem Shalom Crossing had been closed
after the October 7th attack by Hamas
since then a has been delivered solely
through gaza's Rafa Crossing with Egypt
which Israel said could only accommodate
the entry of 100 trucks per day Karam
Shalom on the border of Egypt Israel and
Gaza is one of the main Transit points
for goods in and out of the Palestinian
Enclave allowing for much faster Transit
than the Rafa passenger crossing a few
kilometers away Israel approved the
entry of Aid last week as the United
Nations and other world bodies have been
increasingly warning of the worsening
humanitarian situation in Gaza T news