striking images of gaza's War haunt the
Turkish Parliament yet another effort to
highlight Israel's ongoing human rights
violations speaker of parliament Numan
kulish organized a special conference
DED being woman and child in Gaza in a
continued effort to pressurize the
International Community to call for an
immediate
ceasefire these inhumane attacks by
Israel have now gone far beyond ethnic
cleansing we are all going through a
test with this genocide that has
exceeded the proportions of Massacre
since we know that there are those who
remain silent against Injustice we've
never chosen to remain silent about
these crimes against humanity turkey
supports the oppressed people of
Palestine and declared to the whole
world that we stand by them this issue
has now gone beyond being a matter of
religion or race beled Aid groups worn
of starvation and an outbreak of disease
in Gaza as months of intense bombing and
clashes have brought the health system
to near collapse what's happening is
according to Witnesses is not just a MRI
operation what we have been witnessing
and and and what I've experienced uh
during this war is um of a magnitude
beyond anything that I had seen in 30
years of war surgery the systematic
destruction of the whole of the health
system uh destruction of all all of the
components of Life water and sewage
water
desalination uh schools
universities all aims to make Raz an
uninhabitable place so that the ethnic
cleansing that is the real aim of this
war continues even after the ceasefire
since the very beginning of the Israeli
attack turkey has reached out to help
cousins in whatever way it can the
Turkish Parliament is working to raise
awareness of Israel's human rights
violations against civilians in Gaza all
political parties here have condemned
the attacks and Anar says it will
continue its efforts to be a voice of
those living under bombardment in The
besieged Enclave ASAT bash T world
[Music]
anara