[Music]
during weeks of deadly clashes between
Palestinians and Israeli forces in Gaza
the plight of the Bedouins has been
pushed into the background there are a
group of nomadic Arabs displaced in
their own homeland living under Israeli
rule and their life and khan al ahmar is
under attack
we are steadfast and we are staying here
in the Israeli constitutional court
however has ruled the nomads are illegal
squatters and gave the go-ahead for the
village to be demolished this month this
includes a school that teaches more than
170 students from five different
neighborhoods khan al ahmar is home to
thousands of better ones as it has been
since before Israel was founded
this is a wrong decision and a hostile
decision made in order to expand the
settlements and to encircle Arabs a
branch of the Israeli Defense Ministry
has been fighting for this ruling for
more than a decade the valley lies
between Jerusalem and Jericho it's part
of what's called Area C of the West Bank
and settlers wanted to be annexed by
Israel it's a decision that's not
supported by all Israeli politicians
unfortunately I'm afraid that Israeli
government is going the wrong way it is
going the road of injustice
deporting these people from their homes
demolishing the small village and the
political plan behind all this is a next
thing step by step
previously better ones were forced from
their land and Negev and pushed into
enclosed zones in 1948 this history is
still fresh on the minds of the people
here the law here is apartheid it treats
the Palestinian one way and the Israeli
another people like Ahmad say even if
the bulldozers come the Bedouin will
return
because this is home Stacey Bevins TRT
world
[Music]