her family had held out hope for more
than two months but now confirmation
that another Canadian hostage has died
following the October SE with Hamas
attack it is even very closer to home
because she is Canadian American Israeli
and there are many you know many of us
that are feeling it very very deeply
here 7-year-old Judith Weinstein was
born in the US but grew up in Canada her
death was confirmed by her family the
news today that uh Judy was murdered um
and that the she's the eth Canadian
confirmed murdered by Hamas since
October 7th uh is just devastating uh
for the community her daughter wrote on
social media in part I have to accept
that I don't have a mother and I don't
even have a father anymore at least we
have an answer to the end and we can
breathe some air but dozens of families
don't have Weinstein's husband's death
was announced last week but the family
hoped she was still alive in captivity
as long as there's no closure you always
have hope
hope we all hope we all pray we all hope
in this retail strip in one of Toronto's
Jewish neighborhoods business owners
posted the pictures of those taken
hostage Weinstein was still up today
until every single one of them is home
with their
families we have to scream we have to
yell but many in the Jewish Community
say those who died in the October 7th
attacks aren't always being mourned a
Canadian grandmother was gunned Down In
Cold Blood by Hamas
terrorists um and adding insult to
injury we've seen people here in Toronto
celebrating uh those attacks in the
streets Weinstein and the other hostages
are being remembered here and there's
this plea they should end tune cuz this
is this can't be you can't just have
posters of people missing you can't have
people missing children that can't sleep
at
night it's it's just not it's not fair
Shan O Global new news Toronto