[Music]
the artificial Island initiative is
aimed at providing an answer to a
reality that is bad for the Palestinians
and not good for Israel today Israel
continues to be perceived as being
responsible for the Gaza Strip and is to
a large extent the only Lifeline to it
even though it withdrew from the strip
over a decade ago construction of an
artificial island with a port and
civilian infrastructure installations
off the coast of Gaza will provide the
Palestinians a humanitarian economic and
transportation gateway to the world
without endangering Israel's security
the artificial Island which will be
internationally financed built and owned
will be constructed about 3 Mi off the
coast of Gaza cargo and passenger ports
Port operation and management facilities
water desalination electricity and gas
gas installations as well as Logistics
centers will be built on the
[Music]
island
in order to ensure that security threats
are addressed Israel will remain in
control of security in the sea around
the island and of security inspection in
the
port an international policing force
will be responsible for security and
public order on the island and for a
checkpoint on the bridge which will
connect the island to the coast the
ability to secure the island will be
significantly greater than if a port
were to be built on the Gaza Coast
itself and should the need arise the
island could be disconnected from the
strip in addition to its humanitarian
and economic importance and distinct
security advantages the artificial
Island initiative will strengthen the
cooperation and relations between Israel
and the countries in their region and in
the international
arena in time the artificial Island
initiative could also promote deep
positive changes in the Gaza Strip and a
better future in the Middle
East