right now is can Hamas really be trusted
because so far remember there have been
plenty of offensives by the Hamas where
they have carried out ID blast where
they have attacked Israeli troops in the
Gaza Strip leftenant Colonel Peter
Lerner who is a senior spokesperson of
the Israeli Defense Force joins us now
le Colonel lner I want to first start by
asking
you what are these 300 people or at
least 150 that we have been told who are
going to be released from Israel prisons
are these terrorists are these
Palestinian citizens who are these
people who you will
release indeed as the framework has been
revealed to the public we are looking at
the names and uh all of those people
that are on the list and indeed
terrorists convicted in uh Israeli
prison in being held in Israeli in the
Israeli prison service and that is
precisely what we see uh today as the
judicial process is taking place we've
already seen this morning War ing an
appeal um given to the Supreme Court
here in Israel uh which will have to
review each and every case this is a
what a democracy does a process of such
magnitude of such concern is brought
before the uh public and the public
decide either to accept it or at least
take it to court and challenge it we're
currently in a situation where the IDF
is continuing its operations on the
ground destroying and dismantling Hamas
positions capabilities engaging them in
combat in
contact urban areas we are destructing
and destroying their terrorist
infrastructure we've in the course of
the last six weeks we've destroyed some
400 tunnel access points and tunnels in
order to uh maintain our activi so as
this is being uh realized I would say
it's important to note that we are in
for this in this for in order to achieve
both goals to bring home the hostages on
one hand but also