moving on following demonstrations at
Google where employees voiced their
discontent with the company's business
TI with the Israeli government the tech
giant has now fired 28 employees who
took part in the demonstrations more
details in an ex report take a
look Google fired 28 employees after
some staffer staged protests against the
tech giant business ties to the Israeli
government parent company alphabet said
on Thursday that a small number of
protesting employees entered and
disrupted work at a few unspecified
office locations reuter's video showed
protest Tuesday outside of Google's
Sunnyvale California and New York City
offices those who protested say that
project Nimbus a $1.2 billion contract
awarded to Google and Amazon in 20121 to
supply the Israeli government with cloud
services supports the development of
military tools by the Israeli government
the company in a statement said quote
physically impeding other employees work
and preventing them from accessing our
facilities is a clear violation of our
policies and completely unacceptable
behavior in a statement on medium Google
workers affiliated with the no tech for
a parthe campaign called it a quote
flagrant Act of retaliation and said
that some employees who did not directly
participate in Tuesday's protests were
also among those fired the group posted
a video to social media that appeared to
show police entering a room and removing
peaceful protesters with one officer
knocking over the camera being used to
record the scene in a statement Google
maintained that the Nimbus contract
quote is not directed at highly
sensitive classified or military
workloads relevant to weapons or
intelligence services
[Music]