the rumble of an explosion in Gaza and
the piercing whale of a siren across
Israel have become all too common in a
conflict seemingly impossible to end we
see terrible human grief and fear in
Cairo a hastily organized peace Summit
aimed at preventing a regional War
brought together heads of state and
foreign ministers but the path to peace
is fraught you the Palestinian president
railed against forced
displacement we will not leave he said
others reiterated Israel's right to
defend itself while voicing concern for
civilians a child is dying every quarter
of an hour hour on inside Gaza this
cannot go on noticeably absent from this
forum senior us officials and Israel
lowering the expectation for a joint
statement let alone a resolution good
evening my fellow Americans on Thursday
President Biden spoke to an audience at
home stressing the risks Wars posed to
National Security and pleaded with with
Congress to end the dysfunction time is
over the essence but this is a fine
needle to thread Biden has long been
losing Support over repeated Aid
packages for Ukraine and is now asking
for billions more for keev Israel and
Beyond Biden is basically asking the
taxpayers to uh accept the idea of $100
billion dollar Biden's foreign agenda is
running into Political headwinds at home
there's no house speaker to bring his
request to a vote and a government
shutdown is still possible meaning
public buyin may be limited unless there
is a direct impingement on their
security and prosperity most Americans
understandably have a lot of other
problems to deal with the US is now
facing a test to prove it can maintain
global stability without damaging its
own Reggie Chini Global News Washington