Israel could be considering to allow the
Palestinian Authority which currently
governs West Bank to rule Gaza after the
war an idea that Israel's strongest Ally
United States has been pushing for now
Israel's acceptance has been indicated
by Israel's National Security advisor
prime minister Benjamin and Netanyahu so
far had been categorically rejecting
this suggestion but as nsa's words could
be seen as the latest sign that the
Biden administration's pressure could be
affecting the Israeli Prime Minister's
decision now in an opinion piece written
for an Arabic language news site
Israel's NSA zachi hanbi wrote and I
quote him here Beyond ensuring the
security of our citizens which we will
not compromise on Israel has no interest
in controlling civil Affairs in Gaza and
there will be need to be a moderate
Palestinian governing body that enjoys
broad support and legitimacy he added
Israel is ready to make an effort in
this
regard Netanyahu has repeatedly rejected
that post post-war Gaza should be run by
the Palestinian Authority he says it
represents as much of a security threat
to Israel as Hamas but Hani has
indicated that a Palestinian Authority
that undertakes fundamental reforms
might be acceptable to Israel
now in his write up he mentioned reforms
that include a focus on the duty to
raise the Young Generation without
incitement to violence against Israel B
Biden Administration officials are
pressing the Palestinian Authority to
undertake major reforms so that it can
govern Gaza after War now these include
dismissal of its aging leadership
setting a timetable for elections and
overhauling its security Force
Palestinian officials and Arab
governments are in insisting that a
lasting ceasefire is necessary in Gaza
before they agree to discuss any
post-war
Arrangements now while Hani wrote the
opinion a senior Israeli official has
said his words are misunderstood now
this is as per reports in the Israeli
media speaking of record the official
denied that Israel is considering
Palestinian authorities rule in Gaza the
official also said that Israel is
interested in reaching a new hostile
release agreement first but that there
are no active negotiations at
[Music]
present