did you know that Israel has been
relying on an AI described as a mass
assassination Factory to generate
bombing Target and has in doing so
intentionally targeted innocent
civilians in besieged Gaza making
Israel's ongoing assault on Palestinians
its deadliest since
1948 Yes you heard that correctly the AI
known as Habs or the gospel has been
assisting the Israeli Army in generating
possible Targets in the world's largest
and most densely populated open air
prison palestine's Gaza so the news
emerged when former Israeli intelligence
members revealed to plus 972 magazine
and the Hebrew language Outlet local
call that Israel's use of this
technology almost automatically
generates air strikes targets at
unprecedented rates and have left over
300 families in Gaza with at least 10
family members dead since October 8 now
you might be confused as to what that
has to do with AI let me explain now
Israel classifi Targets in the blockaded
Gaza into four categories but here we're
going to focus on power targets these
are private residences public buildings
civilian infrastructure and multi-story
buildings that the Israeli military
deliberately attacks to put civilian
pressure on Hamas now the gospel helps
generate multiple power targets based on
the information it's fed by the Israeli
Army and can produce 100 targets per day
compared to the military's 50 targets
per year and for Israel putting civilian
pressure on Palestinians means innocent
civilian deaths which according to the
report are properly documented and
contained in the file in the Israeli
Army's custody this report includes the
tally of Civilian debts that the Army
calls collateral damage killed when
striking these power targets all with
the aim of targeting one single senior
Hamas member there is no army in the
world that act in a more moral fashion
than the army of Israel yep the most
moral army in the world indeed what
forms of data are fed into the gospel
remains unknown what's known however is
that Israel has deployed AI in its
current Onslaught on palestine's
blockaded unclay and that has resulted
in the deliberate and often calculated
killing of innocent civilians
exacerbating the immense suffering of
Palestinians in Gaza