born into war the only tiny joy in their
life right now not one but two newborn
babies both of them ill the family
homeless in a cold damp room in Han
yunice and the Goring fear how do you
save your children from the war hunger
and
disease it was a difficult birth and
needed anesthetics and medicine that the
hospital in half because of the war the
conditions are difficult and we are
sitting on blankets there are no
vaccination we need Nap piece milk and
clothes and my husband isn't
working a groups say Gaza is now the
world's most dangerous place to be a
child I sleep with four children on this
bedding it's not enough to protect you
from the floor the weather is cold and
the wind comes in it's hard for the
children chest infections diarrhea they
were all ill in the last two
months danger too in the other
Palestinian territory this is the West
Bank Village of husan the Israeli Army
has raided towns and Villages all over
the West Bank making it the deadliest
year on record for Palestinians Israel
says it's targeting militants but
Palestinians say it's civilians who are
being killed 18-year-old Mahmud zul was
killed on Wednesday his family say he
was shot dead by the Israeli army during
a raid these videos were filmed by
people in the village the Israeli
military says it was a riot and
Palestinians threw explosives and Stones
it says it's investigating the
death his mother Safa has lost her
eldest
child the Army raids the area every day
they climb the wall and search cars and
they fire shots they occupy our land and
it's natural to resist them we don't
have weapons but Stones they respond to
stones with snipers they are afraid of
stones these women are afraid for the
future of their sons the West Bank is
boiling from Israeli raids arrest and
road
closures it's the same in Bethlehem
where Christmas has been cancelled and
Christians rally to support Gaza I've
never witnessed in the past 25 years of
my life such an incredibly sad Christmas
at this Christmas we Palestinians uh
especially Christians this year we
cannot turn a blind eye to what's going
on in Gaza no tree no celebrations only
grave days ahead Nicole Johnston Sky
News from the occupied West Bank