the Urgent race for Americans to escape
the escalating violence in Israel the US
ramping up efforts chartering flights
and opening up a sea route for those
afraid of Rocket fire people from all
over the world so desperate trying to
get home ABC's ANZ de quara reports from
Jerusalem tonight the scramble to bring
Americans home by air and now by sea we
definitely shared for our lives for our
children we had to hold them quiet so no
one comes in Christine isakov from New
Jersey was visiting family in durat when
Hamas militants attacked forcing her to
hide in a safe room with nine others she
spent 20 hours there alongside her
husband and 2-year-old son just being
here to go home it makes us happy but it
hurts us too because we know we're
leaving Family behind and with Hamas
firing Rockets to Tel aviv's beneran
International Airport beginning tomorrow
the US Embassy will evacuate citizens by
boat taking them from hia through the
mediter anean to Cyprus you can see here
so many countries rushing to get their
citizens out you got representatives
from France Germany the Colombian Air
Force is back here the US state
department now chartering four flights a
day which can evacuate up to 800
American citizens daily two US officials
telling ABC News more than 20,000
Americans have asked the state
department for help the US Embassy warns
the journey to hia is conducted at
traveler's own risk the journey to
Cypress could take 10 to 12 hours
Lindsay inz thank
you hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching