tonight there is mounting scrutiny of
the billions of dollars in US military
aid to Israel including weapons used in
Gaza cbs's Natalie bran joins us from
the White House Natalie good evening
major we heard the president make some
of his sharpest criticism yet this week
saying Israel has not done enough to
protect civilians but that has not
stopped weapons transfers from the US to
Israel although some lawmakers call this
week a possible Turning Point a new
letter signed by nearly 40 Democratic
Congress members including former house
Speaker Nancy Pelosi urges the
administration to reconsider its recent
decision to authorize a transfer of a
new arms package to Israel and to
withhold future offensive arms transfers
until a full investigation is
completed they're talking about billions
of dollars in weapons including fighter
jets and 2,000lb bombs approved long
before the Israel Hamas War but the
transfer occurred late last month
despite the administration expressing
outrage over civilian casualties in
Gaza the Congress members also voice
concern over reports the administration
is considering authorizing another $18
billion arms transfer including F15
fighter
jets now despite this letter the White
House is reiterating tonight that Israel
faces active threats throughout the
region including from Iran and says the
US still has an iron clad commitment to
help Israel with its self-defense major
Natalie as you know this has become a
political issue for the president's
re-election campaign but as we
understand it new numbers out today show
a strong fundraising track
record the Biden campaign and DNC says
that they raised more than $90 million
in March bringing its total cash on hand
to around 192 million that's more than
double what the Trump campaign and RNC
report CBS News has learned though
tonight that a Palm Beach fundraiser
with billionaire GOP donors is expected
or aiming to raise around $50 million
major Natalie brand joining us from the
White House thank you