Ambassador Gillan I also want to ask you
with regards to the troop mobilization
that has taken place closer to the Gaza
border many say that perhaps this fight
that we're essentially looking at with
Hamas is going to be very different than
what has happened in the last 15 years
you've had multiple uh war with Hamas
but this time it's going to be very
different are we to expect that when you
say a decisive phase of this war is yet
to begin does it really mean that you're
preparing for a ground offensive
yes I I don't think that there is other
way of executing the instructions that
the Israel Defense Forces have but going
in in a ground operation because uh it's
very complicated to deal in Gaza usually
also in past events this is not like
past events because this is a war they
declared war in Israel and Israel
declared war on Kamas it's not another
scrimmage or small event um they were
not hesitant to use their own population
uh as human Shields firing from uh
schools from
hospitals ER from hoses hoping that
Israel will shoot back and uh hurt
Innocents and in this way uh there will
be International pressure on Israel to
stop I think this is a totally different
uh thing here that now we also have uh
Jewish hostages human Shields and and
they already threatened to execute if we
go in etc etc so we are going for a very
very uh complicated campaign there is no
other way of releasing the people but
going in h there is no other way of
reaching to the planners and the
executors of this horrendous attack on
you know in the morning of a Jewish
holiday on 30 Jewish communities
beheading people raping
women
H terrible terrible situations there uh
there is no other way but going in
ground uh with ground forces Air Forces
can do part of the work but not all of
it