now by the looks of it the Israel Hamas
War shows no signs of easing just now
with uncertainty tensions fatalities
rising in the war zone countries are
keen on getting their citizens safely
out of the war zone India had launched
operation a to bring its citizens back
home the fourth batch of Indians landed
in New Delhi on Sunday the fourth flight
it was carrying 274 Indians there was a
sense of relief on their
faces India's minister of state general
VK Singh received the Indian passengers
at the airport the minister says more
such flights would operate to bring back
those stranded in Israel so far a total
of 918 have been brought back another
flight is scheduled to bring back more
Indian Nationals today Indians who have
returned say the situation in Israel
remains
tense the citizens have been chosen on a
first come first serve
basis this comes as Indian Embassy
launched a drive for all Indians to
register at the
missions
database most Airlines have suspended
their operations in the region earlier a
third flight carrying over 90 197
Nationals arrived in New Delhi on
Saturday operation a was launched by
prime minister Narendra Modi to bring
back around 1,800 Indians in Israel the
Indian Embassy in Israel has set up a
hel line for its citizens in need of
assistance the ministri it's also set up
a 24-hour control room which will help
monitor the situation and provide
information and
assistance beneran International Airport
is the main International Airport of
Israel situated on the Northern
outskirts of the city of Lord most
countries have been using this airport
to evacuate their
citizens apart from India us UK Canada
France Germany Spain Brazil and
Australia among others trying to
reparate their citizens from warru
Israel
Theon is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move