[Music]
[Music]
all
a
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
back
here
foreign
[Applause]
[Music]
spee
[Laughter]
1 2 3 4
2 occupation no
more 4 1 2 3
occupation no more occupation
[Applause]
[Music]
no
yes we dropping some food and we're
dropping the bombs and the and the tanks
and The Bu bullets and everything else
at the same time that's what he's got to
do stop sending the the money and the
weapons will
forever only
stes courageous I'm in awe of what he
did you know what he did he drew
people's attention to the reality of
what's going on he said you know he was
taking it Taking an extreme action but
in in reality what's happening to the
Palestinians is far worse than what he
was going to do burn himself to to death
we also honor the life of Aaron Bushnell
who sacrificed his life outside of this
very
Embassy in an act of extreme protest he
was an active member of the US Air Force
who saw this country's complicity and
genocide and left the world saying the
words free free Palestine we now ask for
a moment of silence in honor of our
Martyrs and
[Music]
Aaron
[Music]
I mean if the President Biden
was to care first place he wouldn't send
all those over 200 airplane with the
bomb send it to the Israel for NAA yahu
and his gang to bombardment level the
whole strip of the
Gaza
I think that it's very uh I think it's
almost uh kind of silly for him to shut
down or for him to uh you know for
America to vote down a ceasefire four
times then go oh but here here have some
have some rotting fruit and some food
that we don't really want um so you know
have that even though we're also
supplying your oppressor with weapons
with food with Resources with money um
so obviously I you know it's better than
nothing but it is um I what I believe to
be a distraction uh against you know all
of the negatives that are going
on fre free
free free
[Music]
free we
Liberation liation and the
occupation the OCC fre free Palestine
free free
pales
for