another Global News Hamas and its Allied
Islamic Jihad militant group have
reportedly rejected the Egyptian
proposal to renounce power in the Gaza
Strip in Return of a ceasefire and this
comes as both the militant groups are
holding separate talks with the Egyptian
mediators Egypt has proposed a
three-stage ceasefire plan which is
backed by katar this plan has reportedly
been proposed to Israel Hamas us and the
European
government in the first phase of this
plan Hamas would free all civilian
captivities in return for the release of
Palestinian prisoners over a truce over
of 7 to 10 days now during the second
phase or over another weeklong troops
Hamas would release all female Israeli
soldiers in return for more Palestinian
prisoners while the Final Phase would
involve a comprehensive ceasefire the
release of remaining Israeli soldiers in
return for a number of remaining
Palestinian prisoners and this would be
followed by Israel pulling back to
gaza's
borders throughout the ceasefire Egypt
would also lead talks to reunite Hamas
and the Palestinian Authority who would
then jointly appoint a government of
experts to run the West Bank and Gaza
ahead of the
elections now the news agency according
to the news agency Reuters it has
reported s Egyptian security officials
that the plan to overhaul Gaza Authority
is unacceptable to Hamas and the Allied
Islamic Jihad both the groups are
unwilling to discuss any concessions
beyond the release of hostages however
the officials of the two militant groups
have added that no deal will be on table
until there is a complete halt of
Israeli aggression on the Gaza
Strip on the other hand the Egyptian
plan might not gain traction with the
Israeli side as well Reports say that
the Israeli War cabinet is divided on
the proposal the main contention is over
the demand of a full-fledged cease fire
by the Palestinian side while Israel
only wants a truce this as Israel will
have to pull back from its stated
mission of eradicating Hamas which does
not appear to be acceptable by the
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu
[Music]