as Passover approaches Jewish extremist
groups have again pledged to take over
the alaxa MOs compound under the
protection of Israeli Security Forces
Palestinians view the move as a
violation of the status quo the
Jordanian W or Islamic trust that
manages the compound has criticized the
planned
incursions every holiday that passes for
the Jews tensions and violations occur
and this is unacceptable
everyone has his own holiday so it's not
permissible to mix and merge Jewish
holidays with the Blessed
alexos even though Jewish worshippers
are not allowed to pray many usually do
it's a way to establish a presence
inside the
compound we are inside the al- AA mosque
compound where Ultra Nationalist and
extremist Jewish settlers are planning
to storm Al AA in large numbers during
the Jewish Passover holiday the also
planning to slaughter five red cows
slaughtering a red cow is believed by
Jewish extremists to be a Divine
Commandment that paves the way for the
building of the Third Temple replacing
the Dome of the
Rock sa warns that allowing Jewish
groups onto the AL AA MOS compound to
perform any rituals is an unacceptable
provocation and could spark widespread
outrage and inflame
tension as for the issue ues of the red
cow this is a matter related to their
beliefs and we have nothing to do with
it all Alex's relationship with it we
demand that the issue of cows be kept
away from the issue of
alaxa the war on Gaza has entered its
seventh month with no end in sight and
one reason for the Hamas attack on
Southern Israel is hardly
mentioned in a speech Hamas military
Brigade spokesman abua blames the Jews
for bringing red cows to the Holy
Land Israel imported five red heers back
in 2022 and some Jews and Christians
believe the key to rebuilding the
so-called Jewish temple is to hasten the
arrival of the
Messiah it is clear that the presence of
the current extremist government led by
bangir is one of the major instigators
against alaka and alh Haram Al Sharif if
this matter happens there will be a
major attack on alaka mosque and our
preludes to seizing it calls to storm
the alaka MOs compound are championed by
a small number of extremist groups but
the entire situation could spiral out of
control sparking widespread outrage and
anger Muhammad Al kasim trt World
occupied East Jerusalem
[Music]