arson ostroski CEO of the international
legal Forum joining us live from Tel
Aviv Aron many thanks for your time I
hope you're okay over there um please
give us your latest assessments after
these quite harrowing scenes we've seen
over the past three
days uh thank you for having me on and
thankfully I my family are safe at the
moment but if I may with all due respect
make a uh make a correctional bit an
important
and unequivocal about that there is no
other way to describe the kind of
barbarism that we have seen children
kidnapped at guno elderly women in
wheelchairs Holocaust Survivors dragged
from
their families executed in Cold Blood
these are not Fighters these are not
militants these are terrorists and we
have to be clear and unequivocal about
that yes it's been quite shocking to
watch from from over here in Britain
Austin give us your thoughts now the
reaction from Israel has been obviously
extreme in its reaction to now try to
neutralize Gaza where does where do
things go from here because whilst there
is of course Israel's right to defend
its territory there are concerns now
that Gaza is going to be completely
flattened well I don't believe Gaza is
going to be completely flattened uh but
we also need to put ourselves in the
position of Israel what would you do if
this was your family hundreds at least
over 100 over 150 Israeli civilians are
currently being held captive hostage um
in Gaza and that includes young
children over a thousand people have
already been murdered slaughtered in
Israel over 5,000 Rockets were fired
Israel like any Sovereign Nation has not
only the right but the duty and the
obligation including under international
law to take whatever action deemed
necessary in order to defend its
citizens um I feel sorry I truly do for
the people of Hamas as for the people of
Gaza I apologize but the reality is it
is that Hamas is committing a double War
crime they not only are
using ship but they also using them
intentionally to Target civilians in
Israel their only party upon whom the
responsibility lays for what is
happening here today both within Israel
and within Gaza is
[Music]
Hamas