Israel's military pounded the
Palestinian Enclave of Gaza on Sunday
and killed hundreds of people a day
after a surprise attack by Hamas
militants left some 700 Israelis dead
the worst attack on Israeli soil in
decades nearly 18,000 Indian citizens
are reportedly stuck in Israel and Major
World Airlines canceled dozens of
flights to tviv this weekend now an
Indian woman working as a caregiver in
the Israeli city of ashalon was hurt in
a rocket attack back by Hamas Indian
Union Minister minakshi Lei stated the
prime minister's office is monitoring
the situation closely asked about the
efforts to bring Indians back she said
and I quote here we are on the
job prime minister's office is directly
supervising the situation and we are on
the job even in the past many students
uh including people from Andra Pradesh
were stuck uh across so whether it was
of operation ganga or vand Bharat we
brought everyone back and I'm sure
government of India and prime minister
office is directly in touch with those
people and is uh working um uh and
monitoring the
situation the Indian Embassy at Tel Aviv
and the representative office of India
in Palestine on Saturday issued
advisories asking Indian Nationals to
remain Vigilant and directly contact the
office in case of emergency now as as
mentioned earlier major airlines
canceled dozens of flights to Tel Aviv
this weekend after the Palestinian
militant group Hamas launched a surprise
attack on Israel Air India has
reportedly suspended the flights
operating to and from Tel Aviv the
economic Hub of Israel till at least the
14th of October American Airlines Air
France Lanza Emirates and ryion a are
among those pulling flights to Tel
aviv's benuron airport other airlines
suspending flights include Asian Swiss
Austrian Airlines wiiz whz air and Air
[Music]
Canada