the hum of drones sending an early
morning message to
alifa Israel's latest operation bringing
Horrors to the house of healing there is
no obligation for the patients and the
medical staff to evacuate the
hospital that message doesn't seem to
have reached the ground where Israeli
troops have reportedly stormed the
facility ordering its occupants to flee
those still in side say sustained
gunfire is threatening their lives and
turning a critical situation
catastrophic a war is against Hamas not
against the people of Gaza which is why
we will conduct this operation with
caution and Care while ensuring that the
hospital continues its important
functions important functions that have
been all but destroyed by Israel itself
its forces first laid Siege to alifa in
November claiming the hospital was a
command center for Hamas indisputable
proof of those claims is yet to be seen
but they've had an undeniable impact the
assaults killing scores crippling
operations and resulting in acute
shortages of food Fuel and medical
supplies most of the treatments that are
needed for the injured year are now
unavailable we are working with the bare
minimum as a result of the Army's first
raade our existing stock of blood was
completely destroyed we lost 6,000 units
of plasma 500 of blood and approximately
200 platel and cryo units Israel has
also blocked trucks bringing
replenishments of those supplies only
the barest of Essentials have been
allowed in to service a need growing
more and more
desperate with human rights groups
warning its actions there could be a
violation of international law the
fixation on alifa could well be Israel's
undoing Isabella Bull T
world