vote supporting more Carnage in Gaza and
drawing immediate condemnation from the
International Community the US veto in
the UN Security Council was not
unexpected but the cries of outrage are
now growing louder one of the strongest
statements came from president rajab T
ardogan
there are five permanent members of the
United Nations security Council and also
temporary members we have just seen the
US use its veto to stop a resolution
call for a ceasefire how is this Justice
is this a just world what we say is that
a fairer world is possible but not with
the us because the US stands with Israel
with the full support of the economy and
ammunition how will the US account for
this we cannot say that the US supports
the United Nations Declaration of Human
Rights China's permanent representative
to the UN Zang Jun called the decision
hypocritic itical and self-deceiving the
Iranian foreign minister warned there
could be an uncontrollable explosion of
the situation in the Middle East if
America continues its support the uae's
deputy un Ambassador Muhammad Abu shahab
said the decision sense the wrong
message to Palestinian civilians Amnesty
International Secretary General Agnes
calamad describes the US's action as a
callous disregard for civilian suffering
Doctors Without Borders said the US now
stands alone in casting its V Against
Humanity the war seems to have
emboldened Israel intensifying its
campaign yet again the focus is now on
Southern Gaza where Hamas is not as
entrenched as the north but it was
Sanctuary to tens of thousands of
civilians who fled there to escape the
incessant bombardment that's no longer
the case and they say it's not just
Israel that's the main
culprit the US is the one sending
weaponry and warships have been
surrounding Gaza for 20 years the arms
and Rockets have been manufactured in
America in Western countries as they
support Israel to kill the youth
children women and the elderly God is
our savior when America vetoed the
ceasefire at the United Nations and
everywhere else this veto is against the
people who are dying in shelling all day
and all night with American weapons the
US veto has prevented a halt to Israel's
brutal attack but the CES for a fire are
now growing stronger as the evidence of
genocide mounts against Israel Shu
Hassan DRT world