a group lobbying for the families of
Israeli hostages held by Hamas say the
safety of their loved ones needs to be a
top priority for the
government their concerns come as the
Israeli military expands ground
operations in the Gaza Strip keep
pushing adva Adar believes her
85-year-old grandmother is in Gaza based
on photos and footage purporting to show
her
capture Reuters could not independently
verify the location or date of filming
of videos showing hostages being
kidnapped my grandmother doesn't have
the time to wait she needs to be back
home now uh she's ill and she needs
medication and she needs medical
care on Saturday prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu said Israel's goals in the war
were to destroy hamas's governing and
Military capabilities as well as return
the more than 200 hostages as her
boyfriend I I truly afraid that these
two goals is like um in conflict with
each other no malan's girlfriend inbar
Heyman is one of the hostages I think
that first the hostage should be
free Israel has tightened its blockade
and bombarded Gaza since Hamas gunman
stormed across the border into Israel on
October 7th killing at least 1,400
people as well as taking the hostages we
are not uh political people or you know
military people we are too simple people
that try to save our sister Leah and Lea
n believe their sister Moran was taken
hostage at the Nova Music Festival we
found a clip from Tik Tok with begging
for a life and they say time is of the
essence if Moran is uh listening to us
uh
Moran we are united together we love you
so much continue to be positive as you
are and uh think about the big hugs
we're all going to give when you come
back and I want you to know that we're
doing everything we can to bring you
back home as soon as
possible