a move the White House describes as a
step in the right direction after more
than a month of heavy bombings on the
Gaza Strip the Biden Administration says
Israel has agreed to for our pauses of
military operations in areas of Northern
Gaza to allow civilians to flee under
the agreement fighting will cease each
day in designated neighborhoods the
local population warned 3 hours in
advance the pauses will allow for
departures but also for the delivery of
humanitarian Ian aid for those who stay
Israel says the pauses would not detract
from the war
fighting in an interview to Fox News the
Israeli Prime Minister said the end goal
in Gaza was not Conquest what we have to
see is Gaza
demilitarized
deradicalized and rebuilt and it could
all of that can be achieved we don't
seek to conquer Gaza we don't seek to
occupy Gaza and we don't seek to govern
Gaza we'll have to find a a government a
Civ willing government that will be
there the Prime Minister repeated that
there would be no ceasefire until all
hostages were
freed on Thursday the Palestinian
Islamic Jihad group posted videos of two
Israeli hostages held in Gaza claiming
it was ready to release them but only if
certain conditions were
met it comes after several unnamed
sources claim Qatar has been mediating
negotiations between Israel and Hamas
and that the talks involve the release
of around a dozen hostages held in Gaza
including Americans in return for a
ceasefire speaking to France 24 sister
radio station RFI Thursday a catari
spokesperson did confirm negotiations
are underway I can't talk about the
details of the negotiations due to the
sensitivity and the delicate nature of
these talks and our main concern is now
to for these talks to succeed and for us
to be able to bring the hostages back to
their families and to bring about peace
uh in this conflict and our focus should
remain on on that however I can tell you
that these negotiations have started
from day one and they are still ongoing
four of the some 240 hostages have been
freed so far with Israel's military
claiming to have rescued a fifth last
month Hamas meanwhile is publicly
demanding the release of its Fighters
held in Israel