today the war between Israel Hamas
enters the 18th day these two weeks have
seen many developments since the
conflict began but what remained
constant was the United States
unwavering support to Israel from
America's Top diplomats to the president
himself the United States has left no
stone unturned in providing Israel with
Aid and weapons but America's blank
check to Israel has complicated its own
diplomatic ties in West Asia take a
look in his first reaction to the attack
on Israel by Hamas President Joe Biden
made clear which side he is
on but since then the US has faced
continuous flag over its support for
Israel Iran President Ibrahim RI who is
one of the constant critics of the Bon
Administration even accuse the United
States of being a partner in the crimes
of
[Music]
Israel
[Music]
for further Iran's foreign minister also
accused the United States of
intensifying and expanding the war in
Gaza amid all the warnings and threats
the big question remains to what lengths
will the US go to support Israel and at
what
cost of late American Military troops
have been victims of a series of drone
attacks since Wednesday at least five
rocket and drone attacks have targeted
three Iraqi military bases where
American troops are
stationed according to Reports most of
the Drone attacks were destroyed in the
air while the US accused Iran of
actively facil itating these attacks
Iran on the other hand has kept mum
about the allegations warning about the
repercussions US Secretary of State said
that Washington is prepared to retaliate
if US troops are targeted in the course
of the Israel Hamas
War the United States is Israel's
largest military backer providing about
$3.8 billion worth of Defense Aid a year
expressing his sympathy with Israeli
suffering Biden vowed to provide an
unprecedented additional assistance for
Israel worth $4
billion but the President also cautioned
Israel against repeating us mistakes
after 91 out of
Rage in the short term Israel needs
support Washington is obligated to show
strong support as a staunch
Ally but with the current attacks would
a US president really be willing to
become embroiled in another War
especially in an election year Bureau
report weon world is one
we on world is one is now available in
your country download the app now and
get all the news updates on the move