as Israel Hamas conflict is on Hezbollah
in Lebanon backed by Iran has also
threatened for an escalation ashra
vanani my colleague is currently at that
border in in Lebanon and has spoken to
Dr hamir he's one of the important and
well-known strategic analysts as well on
what does it look like listen in now to
Dr Ali Hami speaking you said that we
can counter the power of
Israel on what basis that you said that
hisbah has that kind of a capability in
arms in
missiles world knows America knows
Israel knows you have precise Med from
which the hisbah is targeting the
Israeli pusans but uh where these from
where what is the number and what how
you can say that we have these misiles
and who gives those misiles to the
hisbah well first hisbah and Hamas and
all the resistance either you know
Palestinian or
Lebanese uh they are manufacturing their
own weapons now now okay at first uh
they got so many helps by from Iran and
they got so many accurate missiles from
Iran now they are manufacturing their
own uh weapons they are not in need of
any country to to help or to support
they are doing their own weapons uh now
let me tell you
this in Israel Israel the state of
Israel was formed okay according to the
army of isra the IDF now the Army is
living in illusion he's lost yeah it's
it's like uh he doesn't know what to do
the illusion he he did not wake up yet
from the big defeat that happened in
four hours by
Hamas uh 8th of October on the 7th of
October and now uh Israel could not
retaliate before the arrival of the
American Fleet to uh to to Mediterranean
no no they are in the Mediterranean
before they are they arrive to haa uh
seap Port the doctrine of the uh Israel
army are low down beneath the
ground the uh the spirit of protecting
Israel is lost Israel is living in
contrad ction they they don't know
either they want to go with the
Zionist uh mind or the M Masonic mind or
the Western mind OS NATO or they want to
to be Middle Easterns they don't know
they are lost they are living in
contradiction so the the doctrine of the
Army is is dead so country of Israel now
without the presence of United State
it's going to lose the war in 24 hours
uh Palestine will be liberated in 24
hours just with a blank of eye if the
United stat just say I'm not going to
protect uh Israel anymore