[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
the indan markets have not just grown
they've broken several records in the
last 25 years India's contribution to
incremental Global GDP was as low as
0.2% sent 25 years
ago over the last 25 years CNBC tv18 has
closely followed the remarkable Ascent
of India's pharmaceutical sector there
was a time 25 years back that it was all
about the FIS if FIS would buy markets
would rally if FIS would sell Market
would
fall earlier we were net importers of
Steel from IT services to SAS from
consumer electronics to space Tech from
mirr programming to AI ml cars two
wheelers three-wheelers commercial
vehicles have significantly become much
more expensive than they were two
decades
[Music]
ago discounting is there but their focus
is squarely on the 125 C
[Music]
segment now it is contributing 16% of
incremental Global GDP now we're looking
at exporting the steel that's made here
in
[Music]
India welcome to the first ever India
business leader
Awards
cars two wheelers and vehicles generally
being manufactured today are much lower
on emissions and much higher on safety
India's technology industry has been at
the Forefront of Cutting Edge Innovation
over the last 25 years it's the retail
which is the driving force for the
market right now clearly we have arrived
on the global economic
stage
and what a great way to celebrate our
own 25th year with new Milestones being
achieved on the L Street 21 years of the
Nifty from 1,000 to uh 10,000 today
sensex and Nifty hit a record high the
Nifty rallying to a record high we
invite you to join us as we persist in
leading coverage of the pharmaceutical
and Healthcare domain documenting
India's expanding expertise in
medicines 25 5 years of excellence and
unparalleled
growth cmbc TV8 embarking on a quarter
Century of Excellence