all hospitals in Northern Gaza are again
out of service the Palestinian Health
Ministry has made this statement before
but each time the situation gets even
more drastic so we are seeing a complete
collapse of the of the higher level
infrastructure of the gas and health
system it is just the most basic of
needs that can be met now and remember
there has been no water no electricity
almost no fuel um uh provided further
and and and very limited medical
supplies going in these hospitals have
not had access to the basic things they
need to provide Healthcare Services all
of the evidence that we have after elifa
was shut down by Israeli forces
searching for Hamas control centers
Israel turned its attention to the
Indonesian hospital in North Gaza where
there are still over 2,000 people most
of them displaced individuals seeking
shelter yesterday there were nearly 600
injured people in the hospital they were
lying on the floor the medical staff is
incapable of providing Medical Services
to a huge number of patients inside the
hospital following Israel's orders 200
people from the Indonesian Hospital were
evacuated to the south on Monday night
where Israeli bombardment killed dozens
in RAF and Khan
yunes flesh is on the walls and in the
streets here what are those children
guilty of is Israel coming to burn human
flesh there is nothing left in the house
no rooms nothing the children who see
this what should they
say the humanitarian situation in Gaza
continues to reach new extremes the UN
says 2.2 million people are in critical
need of help that's the whole population
2/3 of them are now left without a home
11-year-old ra is just one of
them I hope that my father will be
relased least we call the Red Cross
every day and they tell us that they
call them to check on his safety we call
every day and we wait in the streets for
him to come but he hasn't come all my
siblings are crying I hope the war will
end and I can finish my education and
become a doctor I fear War a lot because
half of my friends were
murdered half of gaza's population is
children and they account for almost
half the casualties so far while a
ceasefire is sure to benefit all
how the Hall of Palestine will rebuild
its future remains to be seen yusra trt
world