as I reported from the front lines of
Israel and Gaza yesterday I bumped into
an Israeli veteran and there are many
veterans here obviously because of uh
compulsory military service a man who is
a veteran of the Lebanese Wars and very
importantly a man whose two sons two
sons both are in the Army currently
deployed on the Gaza front lines and
will be part of a ground operation into
the Gaza Strip listening to this very
Illuminating conversation it gives you a
sense of what the sentiment here is
like I'm in the city of stero which has
been turned into a ghost town because
this is the city of Rocket shelters a
place that has been devastated and
everywhere there are empty houses but in
Israel you can't walk very far without
bumping into someone who's been part of
the military and who has family who's in
the military I'm joined Now by this
gentleman uh who's with me here in stero
who's not only been a part of the Israel
army but you have two sons I have two
sons in the Israel army tell me about
that sir uh have two boys uh they are
basically in normal life they are one of
them is one of the top bar men in the
country M and the other one is also
manages a restaurant in Jerusalem and on
that terrible Saturday morning uh they
were called up after their initial
attacks by the Barbarian people and they
uh had to at very short notice go
into yeah had to go into the army
because you're a parent you're a soldier
yes but you're also a father uh Israel
is contemplating a ground offensive now
you obviously have mixed feelings you're
proud of your sons you know they're
going to do their duty but this is a
scary time take us through what kinds of
emotions you feel right now there is an
a night that we've had in the last two
weeks where we've slept every single
alarm on our phone goes off at any time
in and the night and we worried about
that they're going to be going in we
know that they have to go in because we
have to get rid of this absolute bunch
of monsters from the earth right if we
all see what they've done they people
that have kidnapped babies our babies
there are absolutely horrendous
horrendous things that they've done to
us and yes there's definitely mixed
feelings cuz you don't want your
children to get hurt but we have to
finish this for the world