see they say without any Jews when they
demonstrate on campuses against Israel
that means without Jews when they
criticize Israel fighting for its
defending its people and fighting
against the most brutal attack that
Humanity has seen in last generation
they mean no Jews this is a fight not
only against Israel It's a Fight by
against anti-semites all over the world
and we are here to strengthen our
brothers and sisters of Jewish
communities all over the world to show
solidarity with them because we are all
in this together we support the Jewish
communities we call upon world leaders
and upon each State's leadership to make
sure that Jews are protected and
defended and that H the fight against
anti-Semitism is covered in all layers
of the legal and law enforcement systems
so that Je will not be hurt Kamas
alqaeda and and Isis are all there
together wishing to ban us all from the
face of the Earth and if it starts with
Israel and it starts with the Jews it
will never end there Europe will be next
and that is why we are fighting a battle
on behalf of the entire
world
spe
[Music]
spe
spee
[Music]
spee
spee
spee good
morning
message that must be heard loud and
clear when they say from The River To
The Sea they say without any Jews when
they demonstrate on campuses against
Israel that means without Jews when they
criticize Israel fighting for its
defending its people and fighting
against the most brutal attack that
Humanity has seen in last generation
they mean no Jews this is a fight not
only against Israel It's a Fight by
against anti-semites all over the world
and we are here to strengthen our
brothers and sisters of Jewish
communities all over the world to show
solidarity with them because we are all
in this together we support the Jewish
communities we call upon world leaders
and upon each State's leadership to make
sure that Jews are protected and
defended and that the fight against
anti-semitism is covered in all layers
of the legal and law enforcement systems
so that Jews will not be hurt Kamas
alqaeda and and Isis are all there
together wishing to ban us all from the
face of the Earth and if it starts with
Israel and it starts with the Jews it
will never end there Europe will be next
and that is why we are fighting a battle
on behalf of the entire
world
[Music]
he
for