the media often finds itself struggling
to uncover the truth but some
circumstances are harder than others our
security is threatened and usually you
know we uh we wear the Press sign to
protect us but now it's aign to be
targeted reporting on the war on Gaza is
presenting the media with some very
modern challenges such as the prevalence
of disinformation and censorship on
social media these topics and more are
being discussed at a two-day Symposium
in
Istanbul in order to properly analyze
and combat this policy of genocide it is
necessary to problematize Israel's image
making industry Israel is an Empire of
Lies International media advocacy group
Free Press unlimited recently wrote the
current conflict shines a spotlight on
the increasing normalization of online
hate and that in this narrative battle
there is an overwhelming tide of
disinformation and hate
speech Israel commits war crimes and
genocide in this respect Israel's
current power model is not biopolitics
as some claim but outright genocide
policy there's also the issue of the
media being targeted the committee to
protect journalists says at least 83
media workers have been killed in the
region since October 7 all in all we
like uh we were targeted twice the first
one we survived it but the second one uh
unfortunately we lost our dear colleague
Asam Abdullah and all the other uh
reporters and journalists were injured
I'm one of them the director of
communications also told the Symposium
that geopolitically Western countries
consider Israel their guarantor of
stability in the region and for that
reason Western media are more
comfortable framing Israelis as in life
and Palestinians as reactionary and
regressive as this conflict nears the
4mon mark the fight for truth remains as
critical as ever M new seora trt world
is
stand