I mean it was such a horrific night for
us here in uh Rafa I've been here in
Gaza since the 7th of October I
witnessed the Israeli attacks on
Northern Gaza in Middle
Gaza camp and I've been here in ra for
the past four weeks however uh what we
witnessed uh tonight is beyond words I
mean we woke up at around 1 a.m. on the
voices of the very heavy Israeli Earth
strikes and North West RAF I am
currently taking shelter with um
hundreds of Palestinian journalists
around the AL kuti Hospital which is
located in the ash shabura refugee camp
in North West rafah so actually most of
the Israeli strikes happened around this
uh neighborhood one of the homes that
was targeted is uh just 50 m away from
my current location from where I'm
standing now so yes it was a night of
intensive Israel strikes on rafes
targeted several homes mosques and the
ashaba refugee camp M area Aur
neighborhood theara neighborhood and all
of these areas are densely populated
areas filled with not only its residents
but also uh displaced people who came
from rang Gaza and from middle Gaza
seeking shelter according to the
Palestinian Health Ministry more than
100 people were killed kill in the
series of iselia strikes on AR 80 of
them actually their budies arrived to
the hospitals and we're talking about
more than 20 that are still stuck under
the rubble until this moment and for
more than 12 hours the paramedics and
the rescue teams are still trying to
evacuate the bodies of those people who
are still under the uh Rebel also
talking about some of the Highlights
today uh two Palestinian journalists
were uh killed one of them is Al hams
who is working in Senate agency uh the
other one is working as a TV
correspondent for a Libyan Channel and
this brings up the death toll among
Palestinian journalists here in Gaza up
to 126 Palestinian journalists