H folks Israel has the right and I would
add responsibility to respond to the
slaughter of their people and we will
ensure Israel has what it needs to
defend itself against these terrorists
that's a guarantee we also have to
remember Hamas does not represent let me
say it again Hamas does not represent
the vast majority of the Palestinian
people on the Gaza Strip or anywhere
else Hamas is hiding behind Palestinian
civilians and it's despicable and not
surprisingly cowardly as well there's no
going back to the status quo as it stood
on October the 6 that means ensuring
Hamas can no longer terrorize Israel and
use Palestinian civilians as human
Shields it also means that when this
crisis is over there has to be a vision
of what comes next and in our view it
has to be a two-state solution it means
a concentrated effort for all the
parties Israelis Palestinians Regional
Partners global leaders to put us on a
path toward peace I'm convinced one of
the reasons samas attacked when they did
I have no proof of this as my instinct
tells me is because of the progress we
were making towards reg integration for
Israel and Regional immigration overall
and we can't leave that work behind and
one more word on this I continue to be
alarmed about extremist settlers
attacking Palestinians in the w W bank
that uh pouring gasoline on fire is what
it's like they this was a deal the deal
was made and they're attacking
Palestinians in places that they're
entitled to be and has to stop they have
to be held accountable and has to stop
now if I me very quickly in the 18 days
since Hamas Hamas killed 1400 Israelis
you've previously asked Netanyahu to
minimize civilian casualties do these
numbers say to you that he is ignoring
that message what they say to me is I
have no notion that the Palestinians are
telling the truth about how many people
are killed I'm sure Innocents have been
killed and it's the price of waging a
war I think we should be incredibly
careful I think not we Israelis should
be incredibly careful to be sure that
they're focusing on going after the
folks that are the propagating this war
against Israel and uh and it's against
their interest when that doesn't happen
but I have no confidence in the number
that the Palestinians are using