meanwhile Israel chose not to cut rates
on Monday the Central Bank remains on a
high alert for the possibility of a
broader War inflation fears have also
increased on expectations of a rebound
economic this year a Bloomberg poll
showed a second consecutive quarter
point fall in the main rate but Israel's
Central Bank surprised markets when it
held the rates steady at
4.5% well following the news the shael
paid losses and remained mostly
unchanged in trading by skipping a rate
cut Israel also aligns more closely with
global Central bank's policies Israel
Central Bank said and I'm quoting here
there is a great amount of uncertainty
with regard to the expected severity and
duration of the war the bank added that
the that the committee's assessment is
that there are still a number of risks
of a potential acceleration in inflation
as the war against Hamas near its sixth
month a Al in rate Cuts underscores the
different objectives which are pulling
at the officials right now the central
bank is aware of the risks to the
economy following a near record
contraction last quarter they've also
expressed concern that the government's
heavy spending in response to the
conflict could hinder further monetary
easing well other concerns include
instability in the Shel geopolitical
crisis
and credit rating downgrades despite
Israel's first ever Sovereign rating cut
by Moody's earlier there is calm which
has prevailed in the Israeli market so
far after hitting an 11year low in late
October the shekel is trading at a
stronger level than before the war up
over
12% but a ramp up in government spending
is raising the risk of sticky inflation
especially if worker shortages endure as
higher shipping cost adds to the
pressures future course of the war
presents the biggest uncertainty of all
[Music]
times