the president US President Joe Biden had
a big task in his annual State of the
Union Address among the many headwinds
he's facing Wars in Gaza and Ukraine
record waves of immigrants coming over
the US Southern border and questions
about his mental Fitness but on that
issue Biden likely quieted his Critics
on Thursday he spoke forcefully for more
than an hour with no noticeable gaaps
that have dogged his public appearances
he started his speech with an immediate
attack on Vladimir Putin and by
extension former president Donald Trump
although Biden never mentioned Trump by
name if anybody in this room thinks
Putin will stop at Ukraine I assure you
he will not now my
predecessor a former Republican
president tells Putin quote do whatever
the hell you
want that's a
quote a former president actually said
that bowing down to a Russian leader I
think it's it's outrageous it's
dangerous and it's
unacceptable on the war in Gaza Biden
called Hamas cowards but he also called
the humanitarian crisis in Gaza
intolerable he said Israel cannot treat
humanitarian assistance as a bargaining
chip and he said that Israel must do
more to protect innocent civilians this
war has taken a greater toll on innocent
vilians than all previous Wars in Gaza
combined more than 30,000 Palestinians
have been
killed most of whom are not Hamas
thousands and thousands of Innocents
women and children girls and boys also
orphaned nearly 2 million more
Palestinians under bombardment or
displacement homes destroyed
neighborhoods in rubble cities in ruin
families without food water medicine
it's
heartbreaking Biden also formally
announced that the US military will
carry out an emergency mission to build
a temporary Pier off the Mediterranean
coast of Gaza to allow ships filled with
humanitarian Aid in but his words and
actions likely won't satisfy his Pro
Palestinian critics who demonstrated
outside the White House they call the
temporary peer plan a stunt meant to
distract from the US support of Israel
but Democrats called it a strong night
for Biden and an encouraging start to
the final eight-month run to the
November election where he will likely
face Trump Andy rosim trt world