Hamas has put forward a proposal for a
ceasefire in Gaza aiming to secure the
release of Israeli hostages in exchange
for Palestinian prisoners according to
the proposal Hamas suggests releasing
Israeli hostages including women
children and elderly and the ill in
exchange for the freedom of 700 to 1,000
Palestinian prisoners some of whom are
serving life
sentences however Israeli Prime Minister
Ben Jamin netanyahu's office dismissed
The Proposal labeling it as based on
unrealistic demands Egypt and qar have
been mediating between Israel and Hamas
to bridge the gap in ceasefire
negotiations as the humanitarian crisis
in Gaza intensifies with a quarter of
the population facing famine this latest
proposal mirrors a previous one from
February which also suggested a
temporary ceasefire and a prisoner
exchange yet Israel rejected both
proposal citing its objectives to
dismantle Hamas entirely under the
current proposal Hamas seeks a permanent
ceasefire agreement after the initial
hostage and prisoner exchange with a
subsequent agreement on an Israeli
withdrawal from Gaza the group also
proposes the release of all detainees
from both sides in a second stage Amit
mounting International pressure and
warnings of famine in Gaza the United
Nations emphasizes the urgent need for
increas inreased humanitarian Aid access
the war triggered by a Hamas lit attack
in southern Israel on October 7th has
resulted in devastating casualities and
immense suffering on both the sides with
the conlict now in its sixth month the
situation remains dire with the prospect
of Peace seemingly distant as
negotiations continue amidst the
backdrop of ongoing violence and
humanitarian
crisis subscribe to one India Channel
and never miss an
update