as President Biden prepared to deliver
his State of the Union Address a huge
demonstration against his Gaza policy
right opposite white house until there
is a permanent Seas
fire until the military funding is cut
to
is we are still fighting for person the
stage that we must invest in life life
affordable housing Child Care Living
waste jobs healthy food Health
[Applause]
Care this is more than a demonstration
making an appeal as we've seen in the
results in the primaries in Michigan and
then in Minnesota a large number of
people voted uncommitted which was a
protest vote against Biden's policies in
Gaza this now is a vote that make a
difference in a closely contested
election this demonstration is an appeal
and also a warning to Biden she's
joined uh we're not in a state of
normaly or a state where uh we should be
supporting the Politics as Usual uh the
things that are happening in Palestine
are genocide uh and they need to be
ended support to Israel needs to end uh
if people want my vote that's the number
one thing for me I'm trying to draw
attention to the fact that there are
children dying every single day in Raza
funded by the US um and that their
children starving to death not even just
children children women men elderly
everyone they're all being starved being
bombed being killed and it needs to stop
because the American people don't
support they don't support that but the
government doesn't want to listen to us
so we're here to show them that we will
not stop and we will not rest until they
start to listen until they stop funding
genocide
militarism and War and
invest it's asking him to be sincere
about a ceasefire and stop blocking the
UN from doing its job of a ceasefire and
we are saying send send your medical
boats in cut out the AIDS stop your
bypassing congress with sale of weapons
to Israel to continue their genocide but
instead send your hospital ships to the
shores
hands
hands
hands good evening everybody
evening
we continue to
tax of occation and
genocide