now staying on with more news from
Israel there is trouble that continues
to mount for the beleaguered Israeli
Prime Minister Netanyahu in the latest
setback at home the Israeli Supreme
Court has now struck down a
controversial law that was passed by
netanyahu's
Administration on Monday the Supreme
Court ruled with a margin of 8 to7 in a
in in favor of striking down a very
contentious and a controversial law that
had sparked Nationwide protests for
several months the new legislation that
was passed by the Israeli far rightwing
government of Netanyahu had weakened the
judicial powers of the Supreme Court the
provision had struck down in the Supreme
Court's ability to quash certain
government decisions the law was in fact
part of a Judicial overhaul which led to
massive protests across Israel for 39
weeks thousands of Israelis in fact took
to the streets every Saturday protesting
against netanyahu's move to weaken the
judicial system that critics fear it
severely undermine Israel's Democratic
Institution
utions the prime minister's part has
also called the Supreme Court's decision
to strike down a provision of the
judicial overhaul as quote unquote the
opposition to the nation's desire for
Unity especially in a time of War now
Israel's Justice Minister also slammed
the verdict accusing the top Court of
court and Court taking into their hands
all their powers now the Court ruling is
is a major setback for Benjamin
Netanyahu as the leader is currently in
the middle of a corruption trial the
proceedings that earlier paused after
the deadly 7th of October attack with a
trial resumed on the 4th of December
Netanyahu faces a slew of charges very
serious ones including the likes of
fraud bribery and breach of trust in
three separate cases that were filed
back in
2019 with the Supreme Court thating
Netanyahu government's attempts to
dilute judicial power there Still
Remains some serious concerns who have
the simmering constitutional crisis play
out for Israel's longest serving prime
minister so
far Von is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move