well the Palestinian death sto from
Israeli attacks has now crossed the
2,600 Mark however those who claim to
fight for Palestinians seem to show
minimum regard for their lives Israel
says that residents who started
evacuating their homes for protection
are being obstructed and prevented by
Hamas who have set up Road
Blocks ring on the residents of Gaza
City to evacuate southwards for their
own safety not just because it
international law because it's our
values our morals and we demand no less
our warnings are to save Gaz and
civilians civilians that Hamas believes
are more valuable dead than alive Hamas
has already told civilians in Gaza to
ignore the warnings calling them fake
and even stopping them physically from
leaving Gaza City Hamas is responsible
for the people of Gaza the IDF is
responsible for defending the people of
Israel well the foreign Secretary of the
United Kingdom has stated Hamas is
risking civilian lives while Israel is
trying to rescue civilians listen
in Hamas are trying to prevent people
leaving Northern Gaza and that is the
point okay and so look we do want of
course we want to minimize uh
Palestinian casualties we want to
minimize Israeli casualties we want uh
everybody to respect civilians but the
real clear distinction is Israel are
trying to get civilians out of danger
Hamas are trying to put civilians into
danger and that is a fundamental
difference between the
two so let's explain the plight of the
Palestinians who are being halted by the
Hamas terrorist remember Israel has
given a deadline for the Palestinian
residents to leave from northern Gaza
and go towards the southern side and
they had also created a safe passage
saying that these areas are not going to
be targeted by Israeli and despite that
Hamas has been blocking civilians from
leaving to safety using them as human
Shields