we begin with the latest coming in from
the Israel Hamas War now Israel and
Hezbollah have traded fire Amit aviv's
war against Hamas increasing artillery
exchanges have heightened fears of a new
front opening in the war and the Israeli
Prime Minister issued a strong warning
on Thursday Benjamin Nathan yahu said
beut would be left devastated if like
Gaza if Lebanon based Hezbollah started
a war now Nathan yahu and his defense
minister yav kand accompanied with the
chief of general staff were brief at the
Army NN command where he met staff
officers and other soldiers take a
listen meanwhile Anthony blinkin
welcomed an Israeli probe into a strike
that killed a journalist and wounded six
others on October 13th in southern
Lebanon and here's what the top us
diplomats said at a press meet alongside
his British counterpart David
Cameron um and it is important and
appropriate that it be fully and
thoroughly investigated my understanding
is that Israel has initiated such an
investigation and it will be important
to see that investigation come to a
conclusion and to see the results of the
investigation
founded in the chaos of the 15-year
Lebanese Civil War the iran-backed group
is driven by its opposition to Israel
and its resistance to Western influence
in West Asia so far Israel and Hezbollah
have stopped short of Reviving The
fullscale War they fought in 2006 and a
repeat of 2006 scenario will force
Israel's military to fight on two fronts
stretching its forces thin Hamas and
other Palestinian groups in the Gaza
Strip have a variety of homemade or
smuggled rockets at their disposal to
use against Israel now a bigger threat
is being posed by hezbollah's Iranian
supplied arsenal of rockets drones and
missiles hasbullah can rain fire on
targets throughout Israel including with
far more advanced and hard-hitting
weaponry than what Hamas has been able
to muster and as per the war zone portal
the sheer scale of hezbollah's Rocket
Armory is hard to conceptualize in 2016
estimates put its Arsenal at around
150,000 Rockets a 10-fold increase over
the roughly 15,000 that was said to be
available ahead of the 2006 Lebanon war
now that number has since grown even
larger hisbah also possesses short range
ballistic missiles drones and anti-ship
[Music]
missiles