Israeli troops on Sunday prepared for a
ground assault on the Hamas controlled
Gaza Strip to which Iran warned of
far-reaching consequences if Israel's
bombardment didn't stop our next report
gets you more on how Gaza braces for
Israeli ground offensive while fears of
conflict grow take a
look as explosions were seen on the Gaza
City skyine Saturday the Israeli
military said its forces were preparing
to implement a wide range of operational
offensive plans with quote an emphasis
on significant ground operations
thousands of Palestinians continue to
flee the northern Gaza Strip ahead of an
expected Israeli ground assault while
Israel said it kept two roads open to
let people
escape outside Gaza Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was seen in
a government press office video visiting
troops and telling them to be ready for
the next stage without without
elaborating reuter's video showed
paramedics and rescue teams operating in
an area of Northern Gaza which was hit
by an air strike forcing them to
scramble away
quickly Israel has bombarded the Hamas
run Gaza Strip with unprecedented air
strikes after Hamas Fighters stormed
through Israeli towns a week ago gunning
down civilians and taking scores of
hostages some 1300 people were killed in
Israel more than 2,200 people have been
killed in Gaza according to authorities
there but Israel's attacks on Gaza
failed to Halt Hamas missile strikes
deep into Israeli cities on Saturday
Rockets smashed into a greenhouse in
ashalon and wounded four people at of
kabud back in Gaza crowds of foreigners
hoping to escape waited at the Rafa
border crossing with Egypt Egypt said
its side is open but traffic has been
halted for days because of Israeli
strikes this young British girl said she
is desperate to leave I'm like really in
fear and like every every time I just
have to have the thought of me dying in
a bomb in
Gaza like it's it's not a good thing but
it's a really scary thing for
me a senior US state department official
said the United States was working to
open the Crossing on Saturday to let
some people out and had been in touch
with Palestinian Americans who want to
leave
[Music]
Gaza