now Ukrainian President Vladimir zinski
condemned Iran's drone and missile
attack on Israel he said just like
Israel his country needed the assistance
of its allies to counter air threats
zilinsky also called on the United
States Congress to approve an important
relief package that has still been
blocked for months by political strikes
more details coming up in our next
report Bali Iran Ukrainian President
Vladimir zilinski on Sunday condemned
Iran's attack on Israel and said his
country needs help from its allies to
fend off threats from the air just as
Israel
did in a nightly address zalinski said
that quote Israel was not alone in this
defense adding that quote when Ukraine
says that the Allies cannot turn a blind
eye to Russian missiles and drones it
means that it is necessary to act and
act
strongly the war in Ukraine has
escalated in recent weeks Ukraine's top
Commander said on Sunday that Russian
forces aimed to capture the town of
Chavis Yar by May 9th setting the stage
for an important battle for control of
high ground in the East where Russia is
focusing its assaults since late March
Russia has launched multiple major
attacks on Ukrainian energy
infrastructure inflicting significant
damage to the Ukrainian power system and
causing emergency power Cuts in some
regions bet you this senior employee at
a plant that is undisclosed for security
reasons says he had to go to the bomb
shelter after seeing that no power units
were left
intact zalinsky again called on the US
Congress to approve a vital Aid package
that has been blocked by House
Republicans for months Republican
representative Steve scales said that in
response to the Iranian attack the house
would change its schedule to consider
legislation that supports Israel and
holds an accountable it was not
immediately clear to which legislation
he was
referring Iran has supplied thousands of
drones to Russia throughout its invasion
of
Ukraine they've been used to exhaust
Ukrainian air defenses and hit
infrastructure far from the front lines
for all the latest news download the Von
app And subscribe to our YouTube channel