I believe that to achieve that lasting
peace which we so long for Israel must
make some significant course corrections
I am working in every way I can to
support the Biden Administration as
negotiations continue to free every last
one of the hostages I urge every actor
at the table the Israelis the Biden
Administration the qataris the Egyptians
and anybody else at the table to
continue doing everything possible to
get a deal my heart also breaks at the
loss of so many civilian lives in Gaza
I'm anguished that the Israeli War
campaign has killed so many innocent
Palestinians I know that my fellow
Jewish Americans feel the same anguish
when they see the images of dead and
Starving Children and destroyed homes
Gaza is experiencing a humanitarian
catastrophe entire families wiped out
whole neighborhoods reduced to Rubble
Mass displacement children's
suffering we should not let the comp
complexities complexities of this
conflict stop us from stating the plain
truth Palestinian civilians do not
deserve to suffer for the sins of Hamas
and Israel has a moral obligation to do
better the United States has an
obligation to do better and now as a
result of those inflamed tensions in
both Israeli and Palestinian communities
people on all sides of this war are
turning away from a two-state solution
including Israel's prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu who in recent weeks
has said out loud repeatedly what many
have long suspected by outright
rejecting the idea of Palestinian
statehood and
sovereignty as the highest ranking
Jewish elected official in our
government and as a staunch defender of
Israel I rise today to say unequivocally
this is a grave mistake for Israel for
Palestinians for the region and for the
world