life in Gaza continues its precarious
March towards an uncertain
future we fled because we had no food
and no home the house I was renting was
bombed we narrowly escaped with our
lives we've moved from place to place
but unfortunately nowhere is safe the UN
may have called for an immediate
ceasefire but that changes
little we hope that this time Israel
will implement it because every time
they tell us on Friday on Saturday there
will be a ceasefire and there isn't
after witnessing Israel act with
impunity for so long they question the
un's ability to turn words into actions
we hope that the decision is implemented
and that it is taken seriously because
we know that Israel is stubborn and
doesn't pay attention to the security
Council or any Western countries or Arab
countries and they have reason to be
skeptical Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu says he will continue
the offensive regardless of The un's
Binding
vote the US must leverage all of its
resources because it's the primary and
ultimate advocate for Israel it must
stop this war every day it continues the
humanitarian crisis
worsens I have kidney problems because
all we had to eat was animal fter thanks
God we are here now they say there's
food here food Aid dropped in by
parachute caused a desperate Crush just
outside Gaza City the situation is
tragic no food no water it's a famine
people are dying just to get a can of
tuna that doesn't even cost 25 cents G
and authorities say 18 people have died
in the past day trying to reach the aid
drops we risk our lives for a can of
beans which we then divide up between 18
people it will take more than Stern
words from the UN to relieve their
suffering Melinda new seora trt world