as Israel's military intensifies its
operations in Northern Gaza civilians
are facing a difficult decision many
have been urged to evacuate for the
safety but for some leaving is not a
viable option why we
explain
reports from the ground reveal that the
rising danger of Israeli air strikes on
the road has driven up the cost of
travel for those attempting to move
South drivers are now charging between
$200 and $300 to transport families
making it unaffordable for many before
the conflict the same Journey cost about
$3 per person in response to the soaring
cost some residents have chosen to be
with extended family members in the same
same home the dire situation in Gaza has
left many without access to basic
necessities including food water and
medical supplies further complicating
the decision to evacuate the situation
has not gone unnoticed by the
International Community in response to
questions the Israeli military clarified
that it does not intend to label those
who have not evacuated as members of
armed Palestinian groups which it
designates as terrorist organizations
they emphasize that civilians are
treated as such and not targeted the
Israeli foreign Ministry also rejects
the notion that their evacuation
warnings amount to ethnic cleansing it
is important to note that despite the
evacuation calls air strikes have
continued in Northern Gaza it's
important to note that despite the
evacuation calls air strikes have
continued in Northern Gaza and the
Israeli military has indicated that
attacks will intensify Across The
Enclave in preparation for what they
refer to as next stages of the conflict
this is a reference to the widely
expected Crown offensive as the
situation in Gaza remains volatile many
families face challenging decisions amid
escalating costs safety concerns and a
deteriorating humanitarian crisis will
continue to monitor their situation and
provide updates as they
develop