Israel has sworn in a new military Chief
who has vowed to keep politics out of
the Defense Forces our correspondent
Jodi Cohen senses this report have a
look
[Music]
Lieutenant General Aviv kochavi has
retired from the IDF after over 40 years
service
he's been replaced by 55 year old Etsy
halevi a former head of military
intelligence and the southern command
[Music]
her Levy will be the first religiously
observant Chief of Staff he's also the
first Chief of Staff to live in a
settlement residing in the politically
Center left-leaning farha oranim
[Applause]
the new IDF head faces a series of
challenges including the search and
arrest rates in the northern West Bank
where Israel claims that the Palestinian
Authority has lost control to Hamas and
Islamic Jihad
other challenges include Hezbollah in
Lebanon Hamas and Islamic Jihad in Gaza
and Iran
speaking at his Handover he said that in
75 years Israel has transformed from a
nation surrounded by enemies to one that
surrounds its enemies but that threats
continue to emerge
halevi warned against politicization of
the IDF in what's being seen as an
implied reference to the potential
transfer of responsibilities in the West
Bank by Finance Minister bezel smotrich
and of the Border Police to national
security minister itema Ben gavier
and as a ceremony at the prime
minister's office New defense minister
joab Gallant agreed that politics should
stay out of the IDF
I'll make sure that external pressures
political legal and other stop with me
and do not reach the gates of the IDF
hits the grounds running one pressing
task is likely to be keeping politics
out of the military as it faces
political pressure to restructure the
chain of command meanwhile other
priorities during his tenure are likely
to be the Palestinians as well as the
Iranian nuclear issue this is Jody
Curran for we on world as one
Leon world is one is now available in
your country download the app now and
get all the news updates on the move