no Civilized Nation on Earth would agree
that depriving children of food and
water is acceptable I'm here because I'm
a human being and anyone with a
conscience believes that a civilian
population should never be punished in
this way it's Collective punishment it's
a war crime and unless we stop it unless
we get out there and say something it's
going to end up with thousands losing
their lives can you put into words how
you feel about the loss of life on both
sides every life is
precious but the root of this violence
is the occupation it's not complicated
it's a settler colonial state imposing
aparte and oppression on an indigenous
people and that's wrong everywhere for
anybody and it has to be true that all
the Palestinians want is freedom and we
must support that in equal rights and I
stand up here I'm so pleased to see so
many of my uh brothers and sisters with
big hearts who know the truth and the
Western media has a duty now to tell the
truth about what's happening because I
am seeing the worst Horrors I could ever
have imagined I grew up in the shadow of
the Holocaust and we said never again
and that means never again for
anyone and I think of anyone if they
have a conscience get out there and
speak and demand your leaders speak it
seem to be of course deep divisions on
either side but you've come out today
and you were telling me earlier that
this is about being a human a fellow
human being I'm so thrilled to to be
here among my brothers and sisters who
can see the truth despite all the
propaganda and the lies and the bias and
the Prejudice that we see in the western
media it has been quite frankly an
appalling week what would you like to
see the UK government do now they must
demand a ceasefire they must demand that
is stop bombing children and stop
burying them under Rubble they must
demand a humanitarian Corridor so Aid
and medical supplies can get in they
must demand they have electricity they
must demand that there is food and water
this is a a this is an emergency now a
crisis and people must rise to it