tensions are escalating between us I
Will's Palestine and Israel the conflict
hit Zone claims it Israeli forces shot
there to Palestinian leaving two others
injured as Israel and Palestine
exchanged heavy fire in the West Bank on
Wednesday now according to Palestinian
Health Ministry the deceased was a 21
year old man who died of a bullet wound
uh
on his head near nabulous city where the
crossfire took place while two
journalists who reportedly employers of
the state television network were left
injured the Israeli Army has confirmed
an operation in the village of their
al-hatab claiming that it carried out
the operation to apprehend Salman Imran
who was suspected of involvement in an
attack against Israelis in the West Bank
on Sunday the operation comes in the
backdrop of Secretary General of the
Palestine Liberation Organization
Hussein al-shek's Washington visit for
talks with U.S national security adviser
Jake Sullivan the U.S stressed on the
need to take steps to de-escalate
tensions in the West Bank by countering
terrorism the violence was the latest to
hit the north of the Israeli occupied
West Bank an area that has seen near
daily clashes between Israeli troops and
Palestinian government since an
escalation began in March this year
Israel has launched hundreds of raids in
the northern West Bank Annapolis and
Janine since then the intense raids
followed a wave of attack targeting
Israeli event comes ahead of the general
elections that are slated to be held in
Israel on the 1st of November now more
than 80 Palestinians in curing
government and civilians have been
killed since January this year the
European commission has described the
year as the deadliest in the West Bank
since 2008. Israel captured the West
Bank Gaza and East Jerusalem in a 1967
Middle East War Palestinians seek these
territories for a future state
foreign
foreign
[Music]