the residents of Gaza are effectively
trapped this is why Gaza is virtually
surrounded by Israel the Border spans
roughly 60 km it features a perimeter
fence as well as special noggo areas
there's the areas Crossing in the North
and then there's Kim Shalom a Crossing
largely reserved for cargo trucks Israel
ultimately decides who comes and who
goes it closed both Crossings when the
conflict began last month but there's
another dimension to this take a look at
the red icons these are Crossings which
were closed long before the latest
bombardment Factor them into the
equation and it's clear that border
posts have been an issue for years not
weeks and that brings us to the rougher
crossing the main route between Gaza and
Egypt Aid groups used it to deliver food
and medicine over the last few days
people with critical injuries were also
allowed out along with some foreign
Nationals but for most residents it's
almost impossible to cross this border
the fact is Egypt is reluctant to open
its doors president Abdul fatal alisi
says Palestinians will actually help
Israel if they flee Gaza but there may
be other forces at play with Ali running
the risk that he Imports the crisis into
Egypt United Nations says that more than
1.4 million people in Gaza are now
displaced within their own borders Egypt
may be obliged to help those who cross
over possibly for a long time Lebanon
and Jordan for example have played host
to millions of Palestinians for decades
finally there's a risk that Hamas will
grow roots inside Egypt that could
create instability and again there's a
history to this Egypt chose to restrict
entries from Gaza after Hamas took power
in 2007 the group responded by blowing
up out of Egypt's Border in 2008 and so
this crisis extends quite literally
Beyond gaza's borders that makes it even
more complicated and possibly even more
deadly