the reality is laid bare block after
block there will likely be no return to
what normal once was in
Gaza this military operation by Israel
now nearly 6 months in according to
gazan health officials has killed some
33,000 people including seven Aid
workers earlier this week we need to
have an investigation that is
neutral uh from retired military from
retired Jes as we learn more and we will
certainly adjust our practices in the
future to make sure that this doesn't
happen again but this has done nothing
to settle the unease that Aid agencies
are facing with the number of workers
dying while doing their jobs only Rising
that these attacks on humanitarian
workers are allowed to happen is a
political
Choice Israel faces No political cost
instead its allies enable this brutality
with impunity the US is one country
still flooding Israel with weapons
including thousands of Munitions
transferred just this week but policy
decisions aside this is a strained
relationship the results on the ground
are woefully insufficient the US
president and Israeli Prime Minister
spoke on Thursday for less than half an
hour where the US voiced frustration
with Israel's seemingly planless war and
appeared to issue a warning shot that
the country needs to take steps to
address civilian harm and humanitarian
suffering or else our policies with
respect to Gaza uh will be dependent
upon our assessment of how well the
Israelis uh make changes the White House
would not say if that meant a possible
withholding of future weapon sales and
with all sides struggling to come to
terms for any ceasefire the consequences
of this continued battle could only rise
Reggie Chini Global News Washington