Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu on Friday ordered the military
to come up with a plan for the city of
Rafa both to evacuate civilians and
defeat the last Hamas Fighters there
more than half of gaza's 2.3 million
people are trapped there after fleeing
fighting in other parts of the
Enclave it has also become the focus of
Israel's military campaign in
Gaza Israeli forces have been moving
southwards through Gaza in response to
hamas's October 7th Rampage in Israel by
fighters who killed 1,00 people and took
253 hostages according to Israeli
tallies but Israel has faced pressure
over a potential ground assault in Rafa
including from its main Ally the United
States on Thursday President Joe Biden
said Washington would not support a
military operation in Rafa without due
consideration for civilians the
conduct of the
response in Gaza in the Gaza Strip has
been
um over the top Israel says four Hamas
battalions are in Rafa and it cannot
achieve its goal of eliminating the
militant Group by leaving them there the
Palestinian Authority which exerts
partial self-rule in the Israeli
occupied West Bank accused Israel of
trying to drive Palestinians from their
land a groups have sounded the alarm too
saying many Palestinians will die if
forces storm Rafa on top of the roughly
28,000 that gazin authorities say have
already died in the monthlong
conflict and Israeli official told
Reuters the idea would be to move people
in Rafa northwards before any military
operation but the UN says people should
not be forced to leave on mass haven't
seen a long time yeah a few weeks
Washington has been trying to get
traction for a ceasefire this week
Netanyahu just rejected a proposal for
one from
Hamas it called for a monthlong
ceasefire freeing remaining hostages and
the withdrawal of Israeli troops
Netanyahu called it delusional and vowed
to fight
on