well a surprise Hamas assault on Israel
has opened up a new front in the US
election campaign as Republicans accused
President Joe Biden of being soft in his
defense of Israel and in his handling of
Iran Trump says he was the best friend
of Israel ever that it ever had and is
questioning Biden's foreign policy
President Joe Biden hit out at Donald
Trump for describing Hezbollah as very
smart even as a Lebanese militant group
exchanged uh fire with Israel uh Ling
Lebanon based Hezbollah as a vicious
group he said and I quote you know
Hezbollah is very smart they're all very
smart and so when I see sometimes the
intelligence you go about the
intelligence or you talk about some of
the things that went wrong over the last
week they've got to straighten it out
because they're fighting potentially a
very big Force they're fighting
potentially
Iran and when they have
people saying the wrong things
everything they say is being digested by
these people because they're vicious and
they're smart and boy are they vicious
CU nobody's ever seen the kind of sight
that we've seen to also said Israel let
his administration down during the US
assassination of Iranian General kasim
solman Israel was going to do this with
us and it was being planned and working
on it for months and now we had
everything all set to go and the night
before it happened I got a call that
Israel will not be
participating in this
attack Trump used the platform to also
call out Biden's mismanagement of the
crisis and for pushing the world closer
to World War
II and unfortunately with the most
corrupt and incompetent president in our
history we're closer to World War II
than anyone can understand there's never
been a time where we've been close
closer we're inches away and we have a
man that
literally can't speak he can't get off a
stage heading back Biden said it is
absurd that anyone much less someone
running for president would choose now
to attack the US Ally Israel much less
praise hasbullah as very smart the
Israeli communication Minister also
criticized Trump and said that the
former US president cannot be relied on
after wounding the spirits of the
Israeli fight
[Music]
Det