the body count is mounting after
Israel's latest strikes the Carnage and
Rafa the aftermath of an Israel
operation Monday to rescue two
hostages all of it happening as world
leaders continue to encourage Hamas and
Israel to find a solution Mr President
is Netanyahu taking your advice
everybody
does but the eu's foreign policy Chief
disagrees but Netanyahu doesn't listen
anyone
they're going to
evacuate where to the Moon where are
they going to evacuate these people so
the International Community believes
that this is an Slaughter that too many
people are being killed maybe they have
to think about the provision of
arms that last comment directed at the
self-proclaimed longstanding supporter
of Israel US President Joe Biden he
welcomed Jordan's King abdella II to the
the White House Monday Israeli Hamas
violence at the center of the
agenda the goal stopping the Brewing
humanitarian disaster and the possible
displacement of more than a million
people Sheltering in
Rafa as a king and I discuss today the
United States is working on a hostage
deal between Israel and Hamas which
would bring immediate and sustained
period of common to Gaza for at least 6
weeks which we could then take the time
to build something more enduring Mr for
Jordan's King that means one thing an
independent Sovereign and viable
Palestinian state with East Jerusalem as
its capital but living side by side with
Israel in peace and security this is the
only solution that will guarantee peace
and security for the Palestinians and
the
Israelis but both men agree it will take
an international effort to make that
happen but it's another question whether
the people on the ground can wait for
much
longer Tatiana Anderson trt World
Washington