I had never seen the region as boiling
as implosive as angry there's so much
hatred there is so much rage there's so
much anger against both Israel and the
United States my fear is that Gaza could
easily become a time bomb that really
implodes Regional stability I cannot
tell you the extent of popular anger and
resentment and rage against the United
States can I ask you how is it that this
catastrophe was able to happen is there
I mean obviously Hamas committed it but
did the US take its Eye Off the Ball let
me let me be
direct Biden's foreign policy does not
differ very much from Trump's foreign
policy for the past two years this
Administration has not made any major
investment in either trying to stop the
building of Jewish settlements or even
to try to really bring about the
establishment of a Palestinian state it
pays lip service to the idea of a
two-state solution what did the Biden
Administration do in the past one year
it has tried to build up on Trump's deal
of the century bring about normalization
between Saudi Arabia and Israel and why
because in the in the back of the mind
of the Biden Administration
and the Netanyahu government
normalization with Saudi Arabia would
mean the end of the Arab Israeli
conflict the underlying idea in the
administration in the Biden
Administration and Benjamin Netanyahu is
that the Palestinians can be managed the
Palestinians can be controlled the
Palestinian can be subjugated why should
we invest in the Peace of process has
Hamas not put itself out of the calling
out of the bidding the Palestinians want
dignity the Palestinians want
emancipation the pal inan wants the end
Israeli occupation if you ask me now who
speaks for the
Palestinians it's sad to say it Hamas
now speaks for the Palestinians still
Hamas now is the speaks for Palestinian
aspiration