overseas now and Israel on high alert
bracing for Iran to retaliate for an
Israeli air strike on an Iranian
Consulate in Syria us officials say Iran
has readied more than 100 cruise
missiles the Pentagon now moving more
troops and ships to the Middle East and
President Biden with a new warning to
Iran ABC's brick clenet is in
Israel tonight Israel's Iron Dome
intercepting a barrage of rockets fired
by Iran backed militia group Hezbollah
officials saying at at least 40 Rockets
were launched into Northern Israel from
Southern Lebanon many shot down by
Israeli air
defense it comes as Israel braces for
what sources say could be a much larger
attack from Iran itself at any moment us
officials telling ABC News tan has
readied more than 100 cruise missiles
and a sizable number of drones over the
past week for a possible strike from
Iran on multiple targets inside Israel
late today President Biden warning that
that attack could come sooner than later
delivering a blunt message to Iran Mr
message to Iran In This Moment don't we
are devoted to the defense of Israel we
will support Israel we will defend help
defend Israel and Iran will not succeed
and tonight the us moving new assets
into the region including troops ships
and aircraft to protect us forces two
Navy destroyers already in the
Mediterranean Sea on hand to provide
missile defense
the US hoping to deter Iran and prevent
a wider War Iran vowing retaliation for
an Israeli air strike on the Iranian
Consulate in Syria earlier this month
that killed top military
commanders with President Biden was just
asked if he's concerned about Iran
killing Americans and Biden telling
reporters he's always afraid of that and
with officials here in Israel are
promising that if Iran attacks Israel
from its territory Israel will attack
inside Iran wa brick planet in Israel
again tonight thank you