well Britain's Deputy Prime Minister
says the UK will stop selling arms to
Israel if legal advice determines the
Netanyahu government is in breach of
international law our Europe
correspondent Katherine D filed this
report from
London in the grand scheme of armed
sales into Israel Britain sends a tiny
fraction of what it receives research
shows that the US and Germany send
around 99% so any move by the UK
government to Halt sales would be more
about sending a signal to the Israeli
government that support is waning since
that deadly attack on the aid workers in
Gaza which killed seven including an
Australian and three British citizens
the government here has come under
increasing pressure to Halt the sale of
weapons into Israel to put that into
context in 2022 the UK sold around $80
million worth of arms to isra
the government here determined that the
flow of those weapons could continue but
that it would remain under review uh the
government is still awaiting the latest
legal advice and it is also Under
Pressure to release that publicly last
week three former Supreme Court of
justices joined more than 600 others
within Britain's legal Community to call
for a halt in sales arguing that if the
flow continued it could make the UK
complicit in genocide in Gaza when
questioned about this today Deputy Prime
Minister Oliver daen said that if the
legal advice concluded that Israel was
in contravention of international law it
would act this legal advice the foreign
secretary reachs judgment and he gives
that advice to the business secretary if
it is the case that we can't lawfully in
accordance with the ACT do of course we
we won't Supply those on the foreign
secretary David Cameron has also thrown
his thoughts into the on this in a
Sunday column uh whilst the UK has been
a staunch backer of Israel since hamas's
deadly attack on October 7 he said that
support was not unconditional and that
Britain expected Israel to abide by
international law if the UK was to
suspend the flow of arms it would join
Japan Canada Spain and Belgium who've
also done it in the wake of Israel's
brutal offensive in
Gaza