as violence continues in the Israel
Hamas War Israeli leaders harshly
criticized an expected decision by the
US to impose a series of sanctions on
Israeli military and police units in the
latest sign of growing us frustration
with the policies of Israel's Netanyahu
now the decision will Mark the first
time ever that us would would perhaps
impose such sanctions on IDF units
inside the Israeli military while us
officials declined to identify the unit
expected to be sanctioned Israeli
leaders and local media identified one
unit as netza Yehuda which is an
infantry battalion founded roughly a
quarter of a century ago to incorporate
Ultra Orthodox men into the military
Many religious men receive exemptions
from what is supposed to be compulsory
service Israeli leaders condemned the
anticipated decision as unfair
especially at a time when Israel is at
War and wowed to oppose it
the unit came under heavy American
criticism in 2022 after an elderly
Palestinian American man was found dead
dead shortly after he was detained at a
West Bank check checkpoint the Army said
in a statement that it's nzaa soldiers
are currently participating in the war
effort in the Gaza Strip Secretary of
State for the US Anthony blinkin said
that he had made a decision on reviews
of allegations that several Israeli
military units had violated conditions
for receiving us assistance now Israel's
war cabinet minister and former military
Chief Benny Gant said that he spoke with
Lincoln and told him the expected
decision is a mistake because it would
harm Israel's International legitimacy
during wartime and because Israel's
judicial system is strong and
independent
[Music]