first of all tell us what happened on
7th October so on October 7th 6:30 a.m.
um the Kamas terrorist organization came
inside uh Israel territory and started
going into Kim um this day they
massacred 1,200 people something like
that and they took 240 people hostage
into Gaza um from my family four members
of my family were murdered that day and
seven were taken hostage into Gaza if
I'll ask you about the numbers how many
people were uh you know uh kidnapped
from kibber area and how many killed so
in kibuts beri 100 people were murdered
and and 30 were taken hostage um after
50 days about 50 days there was an
operational pause where some of the
kidnapped people came back to Israel so
now there are 11 people from kibuts
kidnapped 133 in total um but from this
kibuts 11 people right now so what we
know about kibuts Berry that uh people
of kibuts berry they used to help people
from Gaza especially the kids what
happened exactly then why um the people
that that chose to live here really
believed in peace they wanted to make
the world better they wanted to be
friends with with the people in Gaza
they wanted to help them um one example
is Vivian silver who helped bring sick
people from Gaza into hospitals in
Israel to to to help them get better
treatment people that lived here really
wanted to make the world better and to
to to work towards peace also I wanted
to ask you how far we are from the Gaza
Strip and how you guys are dealing with
the security things here so right now
we're about 3 kilometers away from the
border um this is no longer a military
zone this used to be a milit military
zone up until a week ago but now people
from the kibot citizens of the kibot are
starting to come back slowly right now
there are about 70 people living here
and they came back yeah they came back
and also we have a printing house in
this kibo which which uh came back to
work after a
week Z news