met with prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu the r focused lawmakers met
with Netanyahu in the context of rising
organized crime within the Arab
Community our correspondent Jody Cohen
has sent us this report take a look
91 members of the Arab community in
Israel have been killed in 2023 either
through gang-related crime or
domestically motivated
when a teaming office netanyahu's
government had pledged to tackle the
issue however there has been an almost
three-fold increase in the number of
murders compared to the same points last
year
following a special discussion on the
subject in Parliament at the request of
40 MPS the Prime Minister invited MPS
from the Arab majority parties to a
summit on tackling the crime wave
factions attended and brought with them
a 12 points plan for fighting crime and
improving safety including reportedly
asking the government to increase
measures to prevent military weapons
from being stolen
in a statements Netanyahu said the
murderous criminal organizations are
imposing fear on the entire population
we need to put politics aside remove the
barriers and work together to defeat
this reprehensible plague
however another Arab focused party Ram
which was part of the previous coalition
government didn't attend the summit
suggesting low expectations and distrust
of Netanyahu but they did sign on to the
12 points plan and hours before the
summit a number of Arab Mayors met with
Ministry director generals to offer
their suggestions for fighting the Spate
of murders
it was reportedly made clear that the
Arab majority parties don't have faith
in Israel's national security minister
item or the police Chiefs on Monday
bengvir announced plans to appoint a
policy coordinator to be the point
person to help tackle the spike and
organize crime and prime minister
Netanyahu said he would also head a
steering committee to deal with the
issue after the meeting with Netanyahu
herdashtal head Eamonn oder took to
Twitter saying we do not hang our hopes
on talk the tests will be results this
is Jody Cohen for we on world as one
[Music]