the possibility of a month-long
ceasefire by Israel and Hamas seems to
be more imminent this comes as Qatar the
United States and Egypt are trying to
mediate between both sides here's a
report Israel and Hamas have moved
closer to agreeing on a 30-day ceasefire
in Gaza and the release of Israeli
hostages and Palestinian prisoners Qatar
the US and Egypt have been mediating
between the two sides for weeks over the
release of Israeli captives in return
for Breakin fighting the release of
Palestinian prisoners and more Aid to
The Enclave but the plan is being held
up the sources said with Hamas and
Israel at odds over how to permanently
end the Gaza War us Qatari and Egyptian
authorities did not immediately respond
to requests for comments on the Reuters
report though on Tuesday the White House
did confirm that Middle East Envoy Brett
mcgurk was in Cairo for active talks
over hostage relief rele and aidid while
declining to comment on reports of any
ceasefire deal certainly one of the
things he's in the region talking about
is the potential for another hostage
deal which would require a humanitarian
pause of some length uh to to get that
done two Egyptian security sources said
there was work underway to convince
Hamas to accept a one-month truce to be
followed by a permanent ceasefire
however Hamas is requesting guarantees
that the permanent ceasefire would be
carried out to agree to the initial
truce an Israeli government spokesperson
said Tuesday the country's goals of
destroying harases governing and
Military capabilities remain the same
there will be no ceasefire that leaves
the hostages in Gaza and Hamas in power
beyond that we have nothing to
elaborate still Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu is under increasing
pressure to reach a ceasefire deal from
his War cabinets and families of
hostages despite the difficulty of
Bridging the Gap in the position I of
the two sides a source briefed on the
discussions told Reuters a deal could be
agreed to at any
minute weon is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the
move