now Cairo has hit back at a top Israeli
Minister on Monday Israel's farri right
Minister SMR claimed that Cairo has
considerable responsibility for hamas's
October 7th attacks Egypt's foreign
Ministry condemns mri's remarks and dubb
them disgraceful and
irresponsible now Cairo accused the
Israeli minister of attempting to
sabotage the negotiations for a hostage
deal according to Israeli public
broadcaster Smit said during a meeting
of his religious Z ISM party that
Egyptians bear considerable
responsibility for the 7th of October
smish claimed that much of hamas's
armaments passed through Egypt which
shares a border with Gaza and has been a
key mediator in efforts to end the
fighting Egyptian foreign Ministry
spokesperson said it was unfortunate and
disgraceful for the Israeli minister to
continue releasing irresponsible and
inflammatory statements Ahmed abuad said
I'm quoting here Egypt fully controls
its territory and does not allow any
party to involve Egypt's name in failed
attempts to justify its own shortcomings
remember in 1979 Egypt became the first
Arab Nation to sign a peace treaty with
Israel and has long served as a mediator
in the Iranian Palestinian conflict
along with Qatar it helped broker a
week-long truce in November that saw the
release of hostages in exchange for
prisoners held by Israel and more Aid
deliveries into
Gaza on Monday Egypt's foreign minister
Sam Shri said Cairo is committed to up
holding its peace treaty with Israel the
Egyptian FM made the remarks after
earlier reports suggested that Cairo May
suspend the peace treaty if Israeli
troops invade Rafa Ciro expressed
worries about an Israeli push into Rafa
that could create a crush of refugees
pushing into the Sinai desert and
exacerbating a humanitarian crisis in
the strip Egypt has sent about 40 tanks
and armored personnel carriers to
Northeastern SI within past two weeks as
part of measures to bolster security on
its border with Gaza weeks of talks
towards a ceasefire between Israel and
Hamas have brought no results yet a
source close to the negociations told
news agency AFP that plans were underway
for a meeting in Cairo as per reports
the US CIA director is expected to meet
with Egyptian Israeli and Ki
officials for latest news download the
Von app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel