America and its partners are stepping up
attacks in Yemen it insists it has
successfully targeted houi missile
launch sites but from the president a
stark perhaps even a shock admission
it's doing little good are the air
strikes in him
working well when you say working are
they stopping the hoies no are they
going to continue yes the houthis have
been targeting international shipping in
the Red Sea since November a response
they claim to Israel's war in Gaza but
many of the targets have no link to
Israel or the US and the Biden
Administration has been worried about a
wider regional conflict spilling out of
Gaza but with several attacks in the
last few days a pentagon spokeswoman
denied they were now fighting a new war
we don't seek a regional conflict we
don't want to see a regional conflict
and we certainly don't want what's
happening in Gaza to spill out into a
larger Regional or wider scale War the
houthis leader says the US LED attacks
are a direct assault on the people of
Yemen and he says he considers it an
honor to be in direct
confrontation the issue that America and
Britain have joined the war directly and
that we are now in direct confrontation
with the Americans British and Israelis
does not scare us at all elsewhere the
US has once again reiterated it sees a
two-state solution as the long-term
answer in the region preempting comments
by Israel's prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu
essentially ruling out the idea while
he's in charge there is no way to solve
their long-term challenges to provide
lasting security and there is no way to
to solve the short-term challenges of
rebuilding Gaza and establishing
governance in Gaza and providing
security for Gaza without the
establishment of a Palestinian State
there will be frustration in Washington
that the Israeli Prime Minister has
essentially ruled out the idea of an
independent Palestine and Joe Biden will
come under pressure to make that
frustration clear and for once very
public Alan Fischer Al jazer
Washington make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz