this is 78-year-old Ruth M of Israel her
daughter Karen and Karen's son Ohad who
turned nine while in captivity all being
released from Gaza in this video put out
by Hamas Ruth's husband is still a
hostage but for now the family is
thrilled I'm waiting to see Ohad and I
can't wait to give him his Rubik Cube
which I know he really loved and he
probably missed it so much and that's
the first thing he takes everywhere he
goes
the MERS were among 13 Israelis 10 ties
and a Filipino released Friday nearly 50
days after they were kidnapped from
Israel and held in underground tunnels
there were tears of joy in Tel Aviv this
woman still has friends held hostage and
after a chaotic start to the release of
39 Palestinian prisoners women and
teenagers from Israeli detention in the
occupied West Bank there was Jubilation
Mara KR was warmly welcomed after
spending 8 years in Israeli custody when
I received the news in the morning about
my release I was in solitary confinement
this news was a dream for us and I could
not believe what was happening all of
this as the guns fell silent over Gaza
and humanitarian Aid trucks started
pouring in this is a scene that is
supposed to play out over each of the
following three days and possibly Beyond
Israel says that if Hamas releases 10
more hostages each day after the initial
4-day truce it will stick to its promise
of one extra day of truce but it is also
offering a
warning during the days of the truce the
IDF will complete its preparation and
Readiness for the next stages of the war
our forces are ready and alert on all
fronts our policy is clear we'll act
against any threat to the state of
Israel president Biden said he was
hopeful the truth will get extended but
he took another swipe at Hamas and
hundreds more trucks are getting in
position as well ready to enter Gaza
over the coming days to support the
innocent Palestinians who are suffering
greatly because of this war that Hamas
has Unleashed Hamas doesn't give a damn
about them Biden said he would consider
conditioning future American Aid to
Israel based on how well Israel avoids
civilian casualties but he said if he
had done that after October 7th the
release of hostages and prisoners would
not have happened as quickly Andy rosan
trt
world