well New Hampshire is the next
battleground for the Democratic
presidential hopefuls and it's a
radically different field newcomer Pete
Budaj egg has emerged as an unexpected
frontrunner after taking the lead in the
Iowa caucuses and that is put a big
target on his back
CTV's Richard Madden is in New Hampshire
tonight with the details
after his meteoric rise as a top-tier
presidential candidate
South Bend Indiana mayor people to judge
has become a target from within he's a
good guy he's a great man but guess what
he was a mayor citing his inexperience
to taking corporate cash change is not
gonna be coming from somebody who gets a
lot of money from the CEOs of the
pharmaceutical industry this morning
Judy judge pushed back at both of them
the idea that you've either got to be
for a revolution or you got to be for
the status quo leaves most of us out
we need a politics that brings all of us
in because all of us need a new and
better president as the former mayor
surges in polls the former vice
president is in freefall Joe Biden
forced to a justice strategy now
attacking Buddha judges thin resume in
this new act Joe Biden helped lead the
passage of the Affordable Care and when
park-goers called on Pete Buddha judge
he installed decorative lights under
bridges we have a newcomer in the White
House and look where it got us just two
days before New Hampshire Democrats make
their choice polls suggest a showdown
between centrist Buddha judge and
self-proclaimed Democratic Socialist
Bernie Sanders with Elizabeth Warren
losing steam this is our moment
to dream big fight hard
now some of her supporters found a new
hole she was a woman running for
president like a book I feel obligated
to consider that but I just can't take
the vial anymore yeah I think he has
some new ideas that we're looking for so
a generational change I generational
change yeah and polls suggest one in
five Democrats are undecided which could
lead to a Tuesday surprise and on the
eve of their primary president Trump
will hold a rally here tomorrow night to
steal their thunder and remind them who
they're up against
okay Richard thank you