[Music]
this is Muhammad al-abbas house it was
demolished by Israeli soldiers after his
19 year old son Omar allegedly killed
three Jewish settlers in the occupied
West Bank
Sharon we should be so with Al Aqsa it
was after my son saw what they were
doing in Alexa killing beating and
wounding people and banning prayers in
the holy site if the honor of the
sanctions gun so is the honor of Muslims
I think this was his motivation
otherwise it would be unthinkable for my
son to do something like that the
Israeli occupies came and pelted the
house turning everything upside down his
son is now in hospital after he was shot
by a neighbor of the victims soldiers
also raided the Palestinian village of
Cobre and arrested Omar's brother
the attack happened near the end of a
day of fighting between Palestinians and
Israeli forces over the installation of
metal detectors at al-aqsa mosque
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has
announced a freeze of official contact
with Israel until the metal detectors
are removed I
declare on behalf of the Palestinian
leadership first the suspension of all
contacts with the occupation state on
all levels until Israel cancels its
measures against our Palestinian nation
in general and against Jerusalem and at
al-aqsa mosque in specific and preserves
the status quo at al-aqsa mosque
despite the protests Israeli officers
are keeping the new security measures
they say extra security is needed after
two Israeli policemen were killed near
the site a week ago this is like a
bushfire if you can kill it when it's
just starting that's better and the last
thing we need here in this region which
is already
troubled anyway is is a conflict on the
religious ground so hopes and leaders
from both sides will come together and
issue a proclamation that will really
come down the aisle attention
Palestinians are refusing to enter the
compound through the metal detectors and
have resorted to praying on the streets
but with Israeli officials refusing to
change their measures and Palestinian
authorities ending their communications
with Israel a peaceful solution to an
increasingly complex and bloody dispute
is unlikely Denis Savoia trt world
[Music]
you