more than a dozen people will be charged
with terrorism in Ecuador after masked
gunmen stormed a television Studio live
on air ctv's Bell forer on the surge of
violence in a country under a state of
emergency as a live broadcast was taken
over by gunmen the people of Ecuador
watched in
shock I heard several gunshots said this
man who witnessed the police response
after hooded men forced staff to the
floor of the state run TV station
Ecuador's national police Chief calling
it a terrorist
act the country has been rocked by
violence since powerful gang leader
adolo msus went missing from prison
Sunday believed to have escaped known as
feto he was serving a 34-year sentence
for drug trafficking murder and
organized crime several attacks followed
including explosions prison assaults and
the abductions of several police
officers in a video Ecuador's president
told citizens their country has entered
an internal armed conflict and
authorities are now fighting
back I have given instructions to
military and police commanders to
intervene in controlling prisons he said
promising we will not negotiate with
terrorists nor will we rest until we
return peace to all ecuadorians soldiers
are now patrolling the streets of the
capital Kito searching vehicles and
passengers at train stations the
government has imposed an overnight
curfew as Citizens try to go about their
days their nation in
crisis we live in constant fear says
this man when we go to work we don't
know if we will return or if we will
come home in one piece the current
location of feto is still unknown
however Ecuadorian police say all the
gunmen who stormed that TV station have
been arrested guns and explosives seized
Omar all right Bill thank you