and am met the war in Israel there's
another concerning news that has
surfaced a US landlord has been charged
with murder and hate crimes after he
stabbed a Muslim lady and a six-year-old
boy dozens of times the police has
linked the attack to the Israel Hamas
conflict while US President Joe Biden
has condemned the deadly stabbing attack
he said I'm quoting him here this
horrific Act of hate has no place in
America and stands against our values
freedom for fear for how we pray what we
believe and who we are unquote he added
that he was praying for the recovery of
the boy's mother who was also severely
wounded in the attack Will County
Sheriff's Office released a Muk shot of
the 71-year-old suspect who was charged
with first deegree murder attempted
first-degree murder two counts of hate
crime and aggravated battery with a
deadly weapon the officers found both
the victims at a home in an in in an
area of plain field Township SHP which
is roughly 5 km southwest of
Chicago
yesterday the ex-wife the mother of the
boy and the boy were in their um unit
basically they're renting a floor in the
house of this man who committed this
crime when he knocked on their door she
opened it he had knocked on the door
many times before um she had no reason
to suspect anything and when he opened
the door he proceeded to choke her the
mother who's 32 years old her name is
Hanan and attempted to stab her and she
ran into the bathroom and called 911 and
by the time she came out he had located
and murdered her child six-year-old
wadia by stabbing this all happened in
seconds I know this because she texted
this information to the father who
shared the texts with me um she is now
lying in the hospital in serious
condition and the residents of the area
was shocked by the incident take a
listen it's heartbreaking and again it's
because it's in this community he had
nothing to do with it all because he was
an innocent child he was Muslim that's
what happened he was Muslim and this is
what they did this is what this monster
did the Muslim civil liberties
organization has called the crime our
worst nightmare and part of a disturbing
spike in hate calls and emails since the
outbreak of violence in West
[Music]
Asia