[Music]
2015 was yet another difficult year for
the Palestinian people that's according
to a United Nations conference on Trade
and Development
socio-economic conditions in the
occupied Palestinian territories
continued to worsen as poverty and
unemployment rise now the impact of the
2014 Israeli military operation on Gaza
was still felt into 2015 economic growth
in the West Bank fell from 5.3 percent
to only 2.5 percent in 2015 although
gauzes economy surged 6.8 percent the
report says this was only concentrated
in the construction sector because of
the rebuilding of destroyed
infrastructure now the main reasons
behind the weaker growth were a drop in
foreign aid as well as tighter Israeli
restrictions on reconstruction in the
Gaza Strip and Israel also withheld over
500 million dollars worth of tax revenue
to the Palestinian Authority Muhannad
alam ii has the latest now from Ramallah
as a de from the international donors
and the Arab countries dries out bliss
Tina finance minister says there are
many factors playing a role in this
crisis starting with Israel which
controls the borders in the occupied
West Bank and Gaza that makes the import
and export of goods very difficult the
Israeli government has also been seizing
more land from the West Bank a
settlement expand and the new ones are
built which makes it difficult for
Palestinians to settle down or find work
mainly in the agriculture business
Israel is also withholding the money
generated from the revenue
unemployment which has rising up to 70%
is a major issue and more than 1.8
million Palestinians living in Gaza
Strip are not allowed to move freely as
all borders have been shot since 2006
but what the Palestinian Authority here
is asking is Israel to release the
Palestinian money and to engage in the
base process
[Music]