on Monday the Turkish president urged
Israel against indiscriminately
attacking civilians in its war with
Hamas militants in Gaza but rajab T of
uan also delivered measured criticism of
Hamas and urged both sides to respect
the ethics of War a day later on Tuesday
erdogan criticized the US for moving a
carrier strike group closer to Israel
saying that it would commit serious
massacres in Gaza analysts say the
United States and one of its longtime
NATO allies Tura are staring at a
complete breakdown in their relationship
and it's unclear if it will ever recover
following a surprise attack by Hamas
militants on Israel on Saturday us
defense secretary Lloyd Austin said that
Washington will be moving a carrier
strike Group which includes the USS
Gerald R Ford closer to Israel hitting
out erdogan asked what will the aircraft
carrier of the US do near Israel why did
they come what will both boats around
and aircrafts on it do he said and this
is a quote they will hit Gaza and around
and take steps for serious Massacre
there ordan had previously said that
turkia was ready to mediate between
Israelis and Palestinian forces to
ensure comp H he has fervently backed
the Palestinian cause and supported a
two-state solution for the Israeli
Palestinian conflict just days ago us
F-16 war planes over Syria shot down a
Turkish drone stating that the two
countries are NATO Partners ordan
claimed that the US is training and
arming all terrorist groups and turning
places into blood Baths Washington and
Ankara have a long history of
partnership including years of offending
off the Soviets altogether but turkey is
opening defying what the United States
wishes on a russian-made weapons
purchased ankor also blamed a us-based
cleric for orchestrating a coup against
the government turquia even attacked us
allies in Syria throwing the anti-isis
campaign at the time into
[Music]
chaos