and we'll Kickstart this Edition with
some news just coming in the IDF has now
released video of ground forces entering
Gaza aial footage was released by
Israeli Defense Forces set to show
Israeli tanks moving in and firing in
gaza's strip essentially this is footage
on your screens right now that has just
been released by the Israeli Defense
Forces which is the IDF remember Israel
has already spoken about the fact that
they will do what they can in fact to
launch a strong and aggressive ground
offensive theyve started to do it and
this video that this they have in fact
put out right now it shows tanks moving
in and firing in gaza's
tip idea of they launching a ground
Invasion as the war against Hamas
continues Hamas however on their part
have said that they've encountered
Israeli forces he'll be getting an
Ascent from shivu who continues to be in
ground
zero for more details on that story as
to how the Hamas has retaliated however
ARF says they've struck Hamas to where
Land and
[Music]
Sea footage in fact on your screens
right now is what the IDF has put out
showing how the tanks have been rolling
in launching a ground Invasion as war
against Hamas
continues this is footage that has been
put out a video by the IDF shows the
footage of how Israeli tanks are moving
and firing in the Gaza STM they've
tweeted about this as well in the past
and have in fact put out details about
the attack talking about the fact that
several headquarters of the terror group
Hamas have been
destroyed by Israel and also have said
that they're in fact using hospitals
even for
terrorism accusing Hamas of in fact
draining the Necessities in the hospital
fuel oxygen water and electricity the
very latest as far as the war is
concerned is what you see on your
screens right now with Israel launching
a ground offensive an invasion as war
against Hamas continues these are
pictures of Tanks rolling in at the Gaza
border the IDF says they've entered Gaza
and ground invasion is currently
underway how has the Hamas responded to
this is uh is what we'll try to get a
sense from as far as our uh in fact our
report on the ground is concerned shivar
is at the Gaza border and will be
joining us for the very latest on that
but Israel continues to in fact put out
footage of limited ground Invasion and
promising a full ground
invasion