our top story is from war Gaza where
health workers have uncovered at least
60 bodies at a hospital in the city of
KH Unis according to gaza's civil
defense those were people killed and
buried in is by Israeli forces Israel's
military has said that it is checking
the reports The Remains were discovered
in the courtyard of Naser medical
complex they were found under rubble and
dirt a total of 210 bodies have been dug
out from the hospital
since last
Friday the Civil Defense Agency said
that there were Mass Graves dug up by
the Israeli occupation and that they
were shocked when they found 50 bodies
in one of the pits Palestinian officials
also said that they were no clothes on
some bodies indicating that the victims
fac torture and
abuse it is a difficult scene beyond
what you can imagine it is a difficult
scene for someone to bring back the body
of a dear human
being this comes weeks after Israeli
army forces retreated from the medical
complex and officials are still waiting
for all Graves to be exhumed before they
give a final death toll remember intense
fighting raged in mid-February in the
area of the hospital and Israeli tanks
and armored vehicles surrounded it on
March
26th moers also grieved in Rafa as
Israel continued to act on its vow to
expand its ground offensive in the city
at least 22 people including 18 children
were killed by an Israeli air strike
overnight the night before another air
strike in Rafa also killed nine people
including six
children these children were sleeping
what did they do what was their fault
pregnant women at home sleeping children
the husband's aunt is 80 years old what
did this woman do
they fire missiles We complain about our
concerns to
God the latest attack came after the
United States House of Representatives
approved a $26 billion a package for
Israel out of that sum $9 billion are me
for humanitarian assistance for Gaza
according to gaza's health Ministry the
death toll from Israel's retaliatory
offensive is now at least
3497 the tally includes at least 48
deaths in the past 24
[Music]
hours for all the latest news download
the weon app And subscribe to our
YouTube channel