the first eight trucks have begun
entering Gaza the Rafa border of course
was open for medical and relief Aid the
humanitarian Aid after uh the
understanding between Egypt and uh the
US now the Raa Crossing of course open
and the very first eight trucks have
begun entering Gaza remember there was
uh an attack on a hospital in Gaza post
which there was an understanding to open
the rougher Crossing which Egypt agreed
to and now the first eight trucks are
entering I'm M kadam with us Kad take us
to the latest we're hearing that the
first eight trucks are entering Gaza
well we have just received those shots
where the eight trucks which had been
standing at Rafa Crossing on the
Egyptian side we have seen them rolling
in the shots have come in and uh there
are reports that at least 20 of these
trucks carrying humanitarian Aid that is
medical supplies food Etc have roll in
into Gaza now we had also seen yesterday
how Antonio G was there and he had said
that it it was quite
disturbing to see these many trucks
standing on this side when the people on
the other side needed it so much uh this
has been made possible only after uh Joe
Biden visited Israel he had talk with
Benjamin Netanyahu and his office agree
to let some a roll in but we have to
remember that he has clearly said that
the Israeli side has clearly said that
there'll be no fuel supply so that is
definitely done from the a truck he has
also said that he may uh he would allow
the aid truck to go in uh to Raa
Crossing but no Aid will cross to any is
Da uh check for there is they TI there
so this uh has now happened and the
weight is now over at least 20 trucks
have rolled in that is the report we are
getting uh from sources there right K
thank you for joining us and bringing us
those details on