a bit to halt omicron's spread israel is
all set to expand its no-fly list to
include various other countries the
israeli cabinet is expected to weigh the
addition of a few countries to its red
no-fly list the red list countries are
destinations which are defined as
particularly high risk for the new
emerging strain of the coronavirus
and in the latest the israeli cabinet
will vote on adding countries like the
united states canada germany turkey and
morocco to its red states where travel
is barred
due to worrying concerns over the latest
omicron variant meanwhile israel prime
minister naftali bennett has been urging
ministers to back the plan to expand
israel's red no-fly list to most of the
world however bennett is expected to
face opposition from some of his
ministers
as of now the countries that are on
israel's no-fly red list star the uk
denmark france spain united arab
emirates ireland norway finland and
sweden
and on thursday the cabinet voted to
extend the current travel restrictions
which includes a ban on foreigners
entering the country
according to the current protocols
israelis who return from red countries
are required to enter quarantine in
state-run hotels until their first covet
test comes back negative after which
they can leave however they are required
to remain in home quarantine for seven
days despite their vaccine status and
those who want to travel to redless
countries will need to obtain special
permission from the government
meanwhile israel's health ministers said
that the restrictions were needed to buy
time for the vaccination campaign
as of now the middle eastern country
reported 264 cases in the last 24 hours
[Music]
we are now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move