near sh long hesitated before embarking
on this road again the one that takes
him and his daughter home to the beri
boots Just 4 kilm from Gaza etched in
his memory is the moment that he finally
escaped this is my house I was standing
like in here and this house was in flame
it was like huge
Flames with trepidation and sadness this
is the first time that Sha's returned
since October 7th when at dawn Hamas
Fighters fired into his home with a
Kalashnikov he hid behind an armored
door I held the door closed now I can't
close it and I was sitting here with my
hands over here and my
face tied to the to
the to the wall cuz I knew they might
shoot and then Hamas Fighters killed
over 80 residents of this kabut as for
Shaunie they tried to attain his safe
room through the air vents and by
setting a fire he he crawled from here
and he used the flashlight from here and
after they said this the fire I close it
like this I want afate from the smoke 10
hours later the Israeli Army arrived
setting him free but now returning to
his home is all the more painful because
his son ahit is one of the some 30
missing from the kabot on October 7th he
was with his sister and their mother who
also lives in Barry Hamas Fighters held
them captive and threatened
them you see they took us here Mom was
hugging us tight they attached the hands
of the boys behind their backs and
dragged them into a car em it seemed
completely
lost the 16-year-old was kidnapped
before their eyes but Emma and her
mother were not taken away I think
they're was too small and that's why
they didn't take us
to the shaes have received no news from
ahit or any sign of life from his
captors I believe there is
probably underground someplace he's just
16 years old he's a boy he's not a
soldier the family is holding on to one
another in the hope that they'll be
reunited one day