Iran's direct attack against Israel has
raised several questions will Israel
retaliate in kind and which Air route
will it take after Iran's attack against
Israel the Israel's military Chief says
it will retaliate on its own time but
how will Israel do that it will have to
attack from a place where it has Air
Supremacy against
Iran but there exists a geographical
problem between Israel and Iran lies
Syria and Iraq observers are certain
that both Syria and Iraq will not allow
their air spaces to be
used the Iraqi prime minister is
currently in the United States even
though he wants American troops out of
his country ties between the two
countries are being tested over the
Israel Iran escalation the Iraqi
president is also facing embarrassment
on how Iran's drones and missiles flew
over Iraqi airspace while many were
launched into Israel from Iraq by Iran
bued groups neighbor Jordan that helped
Israel in thwarting Iranian projectiles
is now facing a difficult balancing act
as public anger grows against the
country's military response it insists
it acted in self-defense
so
will will strike out Jordan in this
equation because it is highly unlikely
it would help Israel in its retaliatory
strike according to report Saudi Arabia
too did not participate in the
interception of Iranian drones and
missiles expecting a Counterattack
Iran's Deputy foreign minister warned
Israel that an attack by the country's
military will be met with a strong
retaliation within
seconds if for any reason the Zionist
regime makes the slightest malevolent
move against our homeland our
individuals or our interests it will
definitely face a Resolute and hard
response as I said there will not be a
12 13 day gap between Zionist regime
move and Iran's powerful response
anymore the zionists must now reckon in
seconds for all the latest news download
the we on app And subscribe to our
YouTube channel