the scenes that we've seen in Israel
over the past 36 hours are truly
horrifying I want to express my absolute
solidarity for the people of Israel now
is not a time for equivocation and I'm
unequivocal Hamas and the people who
support Hamas are fully responsible for
this appalling Act of Terror for the
murder of civilians and for the
kidnapping of innocent people including
children I've just spoken with prime
minister Netanyahu to assure him of the
UK's steadfast support as Israel defends
itself against these appalling attacks
we will do everything that we can to
help terrorism will not Prevail this is
a dangerous and fast moving situation on
the ground and I know that there'll be
families who are anxious about their
loved ones I want to reassure them that
the foreign offic in government here is
in close contact with our Israeli
counterparts to establish the status of
any British Nationals on the ground in
the meantime people should follow all
the foreign office advice and indeed the
advice from the Israelis on the ground
and contact the foreign in office if you
have any concerns or need any assistance
the UK for a long time has been one of
Israel's strongest allies in supporting
its right to self-defense and indeed
providing the T kinds of equipment that
Israel has used to defend itself from
these appalling attacks over the past 36
hours we will continue to do everything
that we can to help when I spoke to
prime minister Netanyahu recently uh
this afternoon I assured him of that
support and said that the UK stood ready
to provide that support whether that's
diplomatic or security support and he
knows that we are here and ready to help
you of course no one wants to see
Regional escalation and both the UK and
allies have urged everyone in the region
not to use this as an opportunity to
incite further violence or hatred uh and
in the meantime we will continue to
provide Israel with every support that
it needs as we stand steadfast with
Israel including its right to
self-defense to ensure that these
attacks do not happen uh and we will
continue to support Israel in
that