Israeli military is considering plans to
invade Southern Lebanon this why risking
farther escalation in the ongoing
conflict with Hamas now despite calls
for restrained from Western allies the
Israel Defense Forces are planning to
push hea forces North to the symbolic
lony River the Lany River holds
significance due to a United Nations
ceasefire resolution in 2006 the
resolution require the removal of armed
forces in Lebanon north of the river
however Hezbollah has still fortified
the area they have Justified this by
claiming Israel's non-withdrawal from a
disputed area in the Gan Heights the two
sides have been exchanging artillery and
missile fire since the start of the war
in Gaza this has also raised concerns
about the conflict spreading further but
these concerns have been lowered by
hezbollah's leader Hassan nasrala he
indicated a major offensive would only
occur if provoked by Israel or if Hamas
faced an overwhelming defeat on the
other hand IDF spokesperson Lieutenant
Colonel Jonathan krias emphasized that
there is no returning to the existing
state of affairs this as their forces
are already prepared and plans for their
Readiness have been defined moreover
Israel politicians and military
strategists also rejected an easy
ceasefire with Hezbollah now this has
prompted a discussion within Israel's
war cabinet on whether to launch a
ground force or not a which can prove to
be very crucial for Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu meanwhile there's an ongoing
internal debate within the war cabinet
on how seriously to take the Hezbollah
threat while some believe Hezbollah
fears a political backlash in Lebanon
the idc's potential for limited attacks
in Northern
Israel weon is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the
move