this was an act of sheer evil President
Joe Biden denounced Hamas and stressed
us support for Israel on Tuesday we
stand with Israel and he confirmed that
American citizens were among those
killed over the weekend more than 1,000
civilians slaughtered not just kill
slaughtered in
Israel among them at least 14 American
citizens killed this is Terrorism
but sadly for the Jewish people it's not
new Hamas launched its surprise attack
against Israel on Saturday Israel has
struck back with air strikes as the
death toll from both sides continues to
mount Biden outlined the US military
assistance being sent to help Israel in
its fight including ammunition we're
going to make sure that Israel does not
run out of these critical assets he also
voiced concern for Americans being held
hostage by the Palestinian islamist
group we now know that American citizens
are among those being held by
Hamas I've directed my team to share
intelligence and deploy additional
experts from across the United States
government to consult with and advise
Israeli counterparts on hostage recover
recovery efforts moments after Biden's
speech US National Security adviser Jake
Sullivan said many Americans were still
missing following the mass kill in
Israel we believe that there are 20 or
more Americans who at this point are
missing but I want to underscore and
stress that does not mean necessarily
that there are 20 or more American
hostages just that is the number who are
currently unaccounted for meanwhile US
law enforcement agencies were taking
steps to disrupt any domestic threat
that may emerge in cities across the
United States of America police
departments have stepped up security
around centers for of Jewish life there
is no place for hate in in
America not against Jews not against
Muslims not against anybody we reject we
reject what we reject is Terrorism the
FBI said earlier it was closely
monitoring unfolding events but added it
quote does not have specific and
credible intelligence indicating a
threat to the United States stemming
from the Hamas attacks in
Israel