there are whole neighborhoods in Gaza
barely left
standing in between air strikes and
during breaks in fighting they dig
through the concrete remains to find the
dead this is jabalia refugee camp in
Northern Gaza a Hamas stronghold in the
focus of recent heavy fighting most of
the residents have already fled South
but some remained our team was told that
the IDF came and arrested many of the
men
after two hours of interrogation they
let the young people go they went home
and as soon as they got home they
destroyed the whole house on top of them
all the women children and the elderly
were
killed look at this place as you can see
all the bodies are underneath the rubble
from this
destruction more people are moving south
in Desperate search of some sliver of
safeand al- masasi in southern Gaza
where Israel has told people to go was
empty Farmland only a few weeks ago it
is now a chaotic row after row of tents
and shelters with tens of thousands of
people doing whatever they can to
[Applause]
survive with the wine of an Israeli
drone overhead the madmon family bakes
bread in a makeshift
oven it's all they have to eat so they
dilute it with a little water to make it
go
further with wood scarce and expensive
the fire is kept going by scraps of CB
wood there is no food
uh there's no food no water they uh run
to have something like this and every
day my brothers and sisters sleep
without food without water sometimes and
that's
uh too hard Israel said Rafa right on
the southern border would be safe as
well it's
not this man cradles the body of his
baby killed in an air
strike two more of his children also
died it is like this in Gaza every
single day the certainty of More Death
the chance of a ceasefire
remote alist buncle Sky news in Israel