I paid my taxes are you happy now people
around the world are attempting to stop
vessels reportedly carrying weapons to
Israel amid T aviv's incessant
bombardments of palestine's Gaza
demanding that their governments not be
complicit in the violent killings of
thousands of Palestinians I'm here at
the Port of Oakland with a group that's
protesting the departure of this ship in
Oakland California several protesters
climbed a ladder on the side of a vessel
and attached themselves to a cargo
hatch
[Music]
in Australia hundreds organized a block
the do action and camped out at
Melbourne's web do Port reportedly
forcing a boat to bypass the city Riyad
anoun from Gaza went on a hunger strike
during the direct action and made
unanimous calls for an immediate
ceasefire Sydney's Port botony has seen
similar protests involving more than 500
[Music]
workers in England's Rochester dozens of
pro Palestinian protesters blocked the
entrances to a BAE Systems Factory which
tests and assembles electronic equipment
used on military aircraft and in
surveillance systems others gathered at
the skiple airport in Amsterdam to
protest against the Dutch government for
supplying arms to the Israeli
Army me especially to our own government
of the Netherlands to the EU and to the
US funding the
weapon for example in the Netherlands we
are sending weapons to Israel and we
really want to call out this policy
because it's really uh we are supporting
war crimes workers in Toronto Canada
blocked a factory entrance of weapons
maker L3 Harris which provides Israel
with arms saying they refuse to be
complicit in Israeli war crimes yeah
you've invested in Israel it's this is
on you blood is on your hands and you
need to end this now