[Music]
well Benjamin bouquet is a public health
and human rights officer from the World
Health Organization he says Garza's
blockade by Israel has been one of the
contributors to the health crisis
so just to give you some context whou
has released an emergency appeal this
month so calling for 2.1 million dollars
and that's just to maintain life-saving
and essential treatments delivered in
Gaza this of course comes on the back of
long-term blockade so that's been going
on for ten years now as well as
successive conflicts in the region which
have really damaged the health system of
Gaza so just to give you some figures
there in terms of the health system over
the last or since 2010 we've seen a
decline in human resources per head of
the of the populations they are
declining the number of doctors per head
of the population and nurses we've also
seen a decline in beds per head of the
population so development just has not
kept pace with population growth and
along with that we've also seen
decline in the health indicators so for
example infant mortality rates and
neonatal mortality rate and have
stagnated in Gaza where we would expect
them to improve also breast cancer
survival we've seen a natural decline in
that so from 59% of people surviving
five years in 2010 to less than 50% in
2016 and I mean for comparison in Israel
the five-year breast cancer survival
rate is 80 percent and Israel as the
occupying power has a responsibility to
the health of the Palestinian population
and not just to promote that also sorry
not just to protect but to promote that
health
beyond the health system we're seeing
increasing needs related to the
underlying determinants of health as
well
so for instance there's high levels of
unemployment around a quarter of people
in the Palestinian territory as a whole
live in poverty and with
food insecurity
[Music]
you