I think you heard the uh director of the
CIA make those comments the reason the
secretary made the comments he did on
Friday when he spoke to this at the
meeting of the G7 foreign ministers is
what you have seen over the past few
weeks is Hamas move the gal posts uh
their demands that they have made Israel
has moved some way to meeting those
demands and Hamas has then changed their
demands and so it certainly does seem
like Hamas is more interested in a
fullscale regional War that they were
watching the events of the past few
weeks uh and making the determination
that um they might get the fullscale
regional War they were hoping for and so
have not agreed to uh a very significant
proposal that was on the table and so we
will continue to push for an agreement
because we believe uh it's in the
interests of uh Israel we believe it's
in the interests of the United States we
believe it's in the interests of the
broader region but it takes two to make
an agreement and right now Hamas has
signaled that they don't want an
agreement we have just received the
report and are reviewing itself and so I
don't want to make any um assessments
until we've been able to complete that
review of the report which we just
received this morning um certainly we
welcome the fact that the Secretary
General has accepted the recommendations
uh we have long made clear that uh there
needs to be reforms at unra and uh we
would welcome the UN making the uh
reforms that uh former foreign minister
Colona made in her report I would always
also say say that we understand there is
another investigation the UN is still
conducting so that one has been
completed there's another one that's
ongoing but certainly we have always
made clear that we think the role that
unre is in indispensable in providing uh
and facilitating the delivery of
humanitarian assistance not just in Gaza
but uh in the broader region we continue
to support the work that that they do
[Music]