a rabbi's house egged and tagged with
swastikas in
BC a Jewish owned business surrounded by
protesters in Toronto Canada's Jewish
Community says increasingly it's feeling
under attack it is obvious that
anti-Semitism is still alive even well
Canada's Palestinian Community is
feeling uneasy as well the murder of a
Palestinian American boy in Illinois
this month fresh on everyone's mind the
six-year-old was killed in what police
say was a vicious anti-muslim attack in
Toronto Palestinian parents say their
children are also being targeted since
October 10th our group has been informed
of numerous cases of anti-palestinian
racism discrimination harassment and
bullying in schools across Toronto there
is a lot of disinformation that is out
there sociologist Jasmine Zen worries
that in the wake of the Hamas attack on
Israel islamophobia is now being stoked
in Canada as it was following September
11th that constructed you know Muslims
uh very broadly as being connected to
terrorism and
violence back as an example Zen points
to the rallies in support of the
Palestinian people protests that have
been viewed across communities in very
different ways in Alberta and across the
country of course it's the the vulgar
protests in support of Hamas of course
it's anti-semitic because they just
couch their words free Palestine free
Palestine from what we make it clear at
all of our demonstrations that we stand
against all forms of racism including
anti-Semitism I want to stress that
anyone who supports Palestine needs to
understand that uh anti-Semitism is not
what this is about communities seemingly
at odds within Canada sharing a sense of
fear and profound pain Heather U West
Global News Calgary