the King of Jordan on a mission to try
and stop the war in Gaza here in Downing
Street to meet with the Prime Minister
who's pledged to do everything he can to
support Israel it's great to welcome you
back to Dow Street and I very much look
forward to our discussions there's
strong backing for Israel's right to
self-defense across the political
Spectrum but after yesterday's marches
there were louder calls today for the
protection of civilians in Gaza
restraint discipline these are the
Hallmarks of uh the the Israeli Defense
Force that I uh want to see friends
speak honestly with friends and uh we
have a very very good uh working
relationship with the Israeli government
and whenever I have spoken to them I
have reinforced the UK's position about
the preservation of Life the avoidance
of Civilian casualties I know the
Israelis completely understand that for
the foreign secretary and his labor
Shadow the crisis has been a rare moment
of cross party agreement international
law must Prevail and that means that you
have to minim civilian Casualty that
people must have access to water to
medicine to food to electricity and that
there must be there must be humanitarian
corridors King Abdullah of Jordan is on
a tour of European leaders trying to
Rally international support to stop the
war in Gaza and to prevent Regional
escalation for prime minister Rishi
sunak though the bottom line is that the
UK stands with Israel but he has sent a
military task force to the region to try
and deter other countries from getting
involved and to help with humanitarian
efforts Hamza yusf of the S SMP
meanwhile has called for a humanitarian
ceasefire in Gaza his wife whose own
parents are trapped there addressed the
party's conference in abine every person
in Gaza is waiting to die every person
in Gaza has been Terror terrorized and
the Israeli defense minister described
us as human
animals conference I tell you we are not
the foreign secretary has pledged to
continue to support British citizens in
Gaza with diplomatic efforts to reopen
the Raffa border crossing to Egypt
ongoing it's understood up to 10 are
currently being held hostage amandreas
Sky News