casualties in the Gaza War continue to
rise and so do the numbers of
journalists killed in the conflict in an
unfortunate addition to the list of
journalists and media persons killed in
the Gaza War Al jazer has confirmed that
its journalist Samir Abdu Daka was
killed in an Israeli drone attack in
Khan Yunis in South Kaza cameraman abdud
Daka and correspondent Dadu were
reporting at farana school in KH yunes
Al jaaz said that they were hit by a
missile from an Israeli drone on Friday
when an ambulance tried to rescue the
wounded it also came under
[Music]
Fire
[Music]
Palestinians in Gaza laid the body of
slain Al jaaz cameraman Samir Abu Daka
to
rest since the beginning of the War
Palestinians have moved South seeking
Shelter From the Israeli bombardment
after leaflets with instructions were
dropped over Central and Northern Gaza
this however has proven futile as many
have now been pushed further south
towards the strip's Southernmost city of
Rafa after Israel intensified its
military operations in K yunes now
another instance of leaflet dropping has
been reported in the south of Lebanon
the Israeli authorities have dropped
written announcements warning people of
hezbollah's misuse of the territory for
launching crossborder attacks on Israel
Israel and Lebanese armed group
Hezbollah have engaged in Daily
crossborder clashes since October 8th
the leaflets say and I
quote you must stop this terrorism for
your safety by being
careful this is now also being perceived
as idf's prep pration of another theater
for carrying out its strikes under the
pretext of Gaza War this is believed to
be the first time that Israel has
dropped leaflets over South Lebanon
since the 7th of
[Music]
October