what along with the country's coverage
of the Israel Hamas War now efforts to
negotiate a ceased fire in Gaza have hit
a roadblock Hamas official revealed that
no progress has been made in the recent
discussions held in Egypt according to
reports CIA director who is in Egypt for
peace talks has presented a new proposal
more in our next report take a
look no progress has been made at the
latest round of Gaza truth talks in
Egypt a Hamas official told Reuters on
Monday shortly after Egyptian sources
said Headway had been made on the agenda
the official who asked not to be named
said quote there is no change in the
position of the occupation and therefore
there is nothing new in the Cairo
talks Israel and Hamas sent teams to
Egypt on Sunday for another try at
reaching a ceasefire in a deadly
conflict that's now been going on for 6
months us CIA director William Burns
arrived on Saturday with Qatar and Egypt
also in attendance early on Monday the
Egyptian alaha news had reported that
all parties involved had agree on basic
points the state Affiliated TV channel
said the Hamas and Qatar delegations
will return within two days to agree on
the terms of a final
agreement this comes after Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu stressed
again on Sunday his country would not
agree to ass cease fire without the
release of hostages while Hamas repeated
its demands which include a permanent
ceasefire the full withdrawal of Israeli
forces from Gaza and a return of
displaced people Netanyahu said that
despite growing International pressure
Israel would not give in to extreme
demands from gaza's islamist rulers
Western countries have voiced outrage
over what they see as an unacceptably
high Palestinian civilian death toll and
humanitarian crisis in Gaza resulting
from Israel's campaign to destroy Hamas
Hamas killed 1,200 people in its Rampage
into Southern Israel on October 7th
according to Israeli
talles more than
33,100 Palestinians have been killed in
the Israeli response according to the
health Ministry in
Gaza Netanyahu faces demestic pressure
too with weekly demonstrations in Tel
Aviv and out Jerusalem as well
protesters are pushing the government to
make a deal to save the remaining
hostages taken in the bloody October 7th
attack