Israeli troops move in on a Hamas
occupied
[Applause]
building it's the teim army bases Urban
Warfare training center in southern
Israel where Lessons Learned in combat
are tested and
refined all the modern Wars we see all
over the world are going into urban
areas into cities into neighborhoods
they're not in the forest or in the
mountain or
whatever there are nine different
neighborhoods here each with different
Urban characteristics including a copy
of one of the Gaza strips most infamous
features underneath Gaza there are
hundreds of kilometers of tunnels like
this and Hamas militants know them like
the bags of their hands and that means
it's essential for Israeli forces to
train as hard as possible at facilities
like this to fight them on an equal
footing one of the complicated things in
this tunnels it's where they're built I
mean when they're built in a mque or
built in a hospital or built in a school
it's a little difficult not harm the
hospital damasque and and destroy the
Hamas terrorist
tunnel that job though has grown
increasingly complicated for another
reason too the Army told us that current
tunnels are bigger longer and deeper
than ever
before at this point we found more
tunnels than roads in
banon uh it's just Unthinkable if we
have all the time we need we'll destroy
them all and we'll be very thorough uh
the only variable is uh people inside
whether it's combatants or civilians we
we luckily never encountered civilians
in beton they all left teim is one of
many such facilities around as Israel
and with the government determined to
end hamas's existence uh by the end of
the war its importance only seems likely
to grow