[Music]
protests have erupted across the globe
in 120 cities across 45 different
countries to ramp up pressure against
Israel the whole world has demanded that
the genocidal state of Israel stop its
genocide and sadly the whole world today
is being held hostage to the policies of
A persecuted man of Justice the
genocidal state of Israel itself Mr
Netanyahu who IGN all warnings and is
willing to Massacre hundreds of
thousands of Palestinians to stay in
power the global day of action sees
millions of people take to the streets
from Madrid to Stockholm to here in
London arrests are on the rise as the
police clamp down on the demonstrators
who have descended on the capital almost
every weekend since October the
7th the momentum here in London is
simply not wavering protesters that I've
spoken to say they're absolutely on the
cusp of something here this week a
ceasefire vote returns to the commons
and activists say it's the MP's chance
to do the right thing and vote for one
my message to the members of parliament
is ceas fire now what we see before us
on the TV is absolutely shocking I never
thought I would ever witness anything so
awful in my lifetime um and that's why I
come every every every time there's a
March cuz that's the only thing that I
can do do to sort of be present and show
the strength of feeling amongst the
British public it's the least that they
could do after what this country has
done to facilitate this whole problem um
you know cuz Britain has a really
horrible hand in this um whole situation
in existing so it's it's their duty to
reverse that imagine if it were you and
in your place and one day it could be
you um so do what you would do for
yourself and for your children which um
is a vital ceasefire
now today also coincides with the Munich
security conference in Germany while
global leaders and experts debate
challenges to International Security
protesters outside call an end to Armed
sales to
Israel here people dressed as Medics
holding replica corpses a grim reminder
of the reality in
Gaza as the weeks turn into to months
the International Community continues to
apply pressure on their respective
governments to act well that may be
unlikely worldwide solidarity is
undeniably Resolute shatty Edward stashi
trt World
[Music]
London