12 more hostages were freed from Gaza
captivity in exchange for Palestinian
prisoners under an extended truce a
source close to Hamas have said that the
group is willing to extend the truce by
additional four days while hopes remain
for another extension Israel and H Hamas
accused each other of violating the
extended pause in incidents on Tuesday
although Qatari officials mediating in
the conflict said that this did not
knock the truths off track the Israeli
PM's office said 10 Israelis and two
thighs were released with the Army
saying they were handed over to the Red
Cross and were inside Israeli territory
Israel's prison Services later said 30
Palestinian detainees were released
under the truce deal Israel and Hamas
are under International pressure not to
return to All Out fighting when the
latest truce ends on
Thursday
main focus right now is and our hope is
to reach a sustainable truth that would
lead to further negotiations and
eventually to an end to uh to this
iteration of violence to to this war we
are working with what we have and what
we have right now is a provision to the
agreement that allows us to extend days
as long as Hamas is able to uh guarantee
the release of at least 10 hostages uh
from uh from this from their
side Palestinian movements denounced
what they dubbed truce violations by the
occupier the Israeli military described
the shelling as warning shots saying a
tank fired as suspected milit militant
approached Army positions officers
claimed three explosiv devices were
detonated near Israeli forces in
Northern Gaza violating the framework of
operational paw now as for Israeli
military in one of the locations
terrorists also opened fire at the
troops who responded with fire qar
officials reported some minimal breaches
but said they did not harm the essence
of the agreement before Tuesday's latest
exchanges 50 Israeli hostages and 150
Palestinian prisoners all women and
miners had been released under the
initial truce
agreement
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
mer