the Subterranean tunnel in Northern Gaza
Israel's Defense Forces Show members of
the media what Israel says is the
biggest Hamas tunnel uncovered yet
without demolishing the tunnel project
of
Hamas we cannot demolish Parts appear
big enough to drive a vehicle through
and this is video released by Israel
which it says was filmed by Hamas during
Tunnel construction Israel says the
tunnel was used by Hamas militants
during the October 7th attacks which
triggered this
war on a visit to Israel and the
occupied West Bank France's foreign
minister called for an immediate
ceasefire her counterparts in Germany
and Britain wrote a joint newspaper
opinion piece Sunday saying they support
a ceasefire but only if it is
sustainable that may be somewhat
ambiguous but marks a shift in tone for
two Nations
that abstained from Tuesday's un
ceasefire vote fighting is not the
answer right now we want our people here
many families of kidnapped Israelis want
a ceasefire
too Sunday's funeral of Hostage Alon
shamz a realization of their deepest
fear he and two other hostages
mistakenly shot dead by Israeli forces
inside Gaza on
Friday prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
says Israel will fight until Hamas is
eliminated but he says negotiations with
Qatar and Egypt are ongoing to secure
the release of
hostages in Gaza the desperation of
those stuck in a war zone illustrated by
the ever more frenzied scramble around
Aid trucks coming in from Egypt but in a
glimmer of good news Sunday Israel
allowed un Aid through the Kum Shalom
border crossing for the first time since
October 7th that should increase the aid
flow the Palestinian red Cresent says
before now only 10% of the aid need was
being fulfilled Redman Chann and Global
News London