bit more analysis now I'm joined on the
set by France 24 Kean gorgeous Donnie
Kean let's go back to that un Security
Council vote that's been postponed now
possibly to later today so far the US
has voted these ceasefire resolutions is
there any indication that that could
change well one indication is that
they've decided to postpone and that in
itself means that there is room for
negotiation and that they feel that
maybe they could get the United States
on board uh it's highly unlikely that
the US would vote Yes but they could
potentially vote to abstain which means
that the resolution could go through
with that exstension uh now the draft
resolution that has been uh proposed uh
talks about uh unhindered access to
humanitarian Aid immediate and
unconditional release of hostages
condemnation of all violations of
international uh humanitarian law uh but
really the focus is on one line the
Urgent and sustainable cessation of
hostilities that was in the initial
draft resolution and cessation is really
uh the key here for uh the United States
uh it seems that the negotiations are
around that word trying to bring it down
possibly to suspension of hos
hostilities or even some more watered
down aversion because of course the
Americans are fully opposed to an actual
ceasefire just like the Israelis and
they've said it over and over again they
do not support a sea sire so anything
that resembles wording that would
mention a ceasefire that would be
completely out of the question for the
Americans but if uh it is suspension or
something else that could be the key to
unlocking uh the US uh vote possibly
with an exstension and that would bring
this resolution uh to pass and that is a
binding resolution even though we've
seen in the past that a lot of parties
to conflicts usually disregard even
these binding resolutions