we did receive me messages from Iran and
they received messages from us too but
there was never any message to us or to
anyone else on the time frame the
targets or the type of response in fact
before yesterday it was presumed that
100 ballistic missiles might overwhelm
even the best defensive systems that was
Iran's intent and as you all saw for
yourself it didn't work this t attack
Was Defeated thanks to our preparations
to a coalition of committed partners and
to Israel's remarkable defensive systems
I've seen reporting that the Iranians
meant to
fail that this spectacular and
embarrassing failure was all by Design
I've also seen Iran say that they
provided early warning to help Israel
prepare its defenses and limit any
potential damage all of this is
categorically false to coin the phrase
from the president or steal a phrase
from the president it's Malarkey this
attack failed because it was defeated by
Israel by the United States and by a
coalition of other partners committed to
Israel's defense so let's be straight
given the scale of this attack Iran's
intent was clearly to cause significant
destruction and casualties Iranian
leaders launched so many missiles and
other Munitions because they knew that
many were going to be defeated but the
aim was to get as many of them through
Israeli Israel's defenses as possible
Israel today is in a a far stronger
strategic position than it was only a
few days ago Iran's vaunted missile
program something it is used to threaten
Israel in the region proved to be far
less effective Israel's defenses on the
other hand proved even better than many
had long assumed Israel's defense was
strengthened by a coalition of countries
led by the United States and working
together the United States has never
before so extensively and so directly
defended Israel from
Attack
for
[Music]
for
for for