the Secretary of State arriving in
Turkey this morning as he begins a visit
to calm fears in the region that the
Israel Hamas war will spread into a
wider conflict ABC's Marcus Moore is in
Israel near the Gaza border with the
latest good morning
Marcus well hey Gio good morning we have
heard artillery fire where we are near
Gaza you can see it in the distance
behind us and there were new strikes
overnight near Israel's northern border
with Lebanon Hezbollah saying it fired
more than 60 missiles at Marin base that
part of their EXP ected retaliation for
the Israeli air strike that killed a top
Hamas leader this week in Beirut and as
you know uh there has been a surge of
attacks across the region the US fearing
that these strikes could trigger a
larger scale regional conflict and this
morning Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin is on his fourth trip to the
region since the start of the war trying
to prevent that from happening of course
the death and Devastation in Gaza has
sparked widespread anger and in addition
to that overnight the Iraqi Governor
government announced that they will
begin the process of removing the USL
International military Coalition from
Iraq after the US carried out an air
strike in Baghdad in retaliation for an
attack on a US base in ail now the
Coalition that Iraq is threatening to
shut down was put in place to help local
forces prevent the return of the Islamic
State now since October there have been
120 attacks on US forces in Iraq and
Syria with 74 service members injured
and with this morning all sides are
saying they will continue their strikes
and retaliation until this war
ends hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching