[Music]
well it's uh it's actually the sudden
one we didn't expect right now because
it's actually holiday in Israel I've
been here for like 11 months so and this
is my first siren so I never had this
much big siren in
[Music]
basheva who is in the WhatsApp group
Community they have shared us the links
and the phone numbers and mail IDs so if
there is any emergency we can contact
them so far we are getting informations
and we are in touch with people and we
have a good Indian Community around here
so so far we are safe and we are
connected we have a shelter down and we
have Israeli police uh forces are nearby
so so far we are
[Music]
safe
[Music]
[Music]
it's like little pretty intense because
of the uh people like coming in the cars
and firing infiltrations happening
around us so it's a little
scary we were fine like when I it was my
first time but we since like shelters
and bunkers like
Israel was very safe with that so we are
very like uh not I was initially was
afraid but later like then because of
those all the safety things we are fine
with it but this time it's like little
pretty intense because of those uh
people like coming in the cars and
firing infiltrations happening around us
so it's a little scary but in our our
city we are
safe
well it's uh it's actually the sou one
we didn't expect it right now because
it's actually holiday in
[Music]
Israel we have a guy uh who is in the
WhatsApp group Community they have
shared us the links and the phone
numbers and mail IDs so if there is any
emergency we can contact them so far we
are getting informations and we are in
touch with people and we have a good
Indian Community around here so so far
we are safe and we are
[Music]
connected
[Music]