families of Israeli hostages came to
this synagogue in the Pacific Northwest
state of Washington to raise awareness
of loved ones still being held captive
by Hamas 16-year-old Harel sharabi
traveled without her father who is in
Israel mourning his brother Yosi sharabi
killed in captivity she's hoping her
other Uncle Ellie also hostage survives
our mission isn't done yet we have to
bring Ellie home and yis corp's home so
we can have something to
bury we did even have a funeral there's
nothing to BU Romy coen's twin brother
Nimrod Cen was also abducted she fears
people are starting to forget about
those who were taken in the October 7
attack people don't talk enough about
the hostages th even forgot I mean it's
been 3 and a half months now and for for
some people it's like old news and we
feel it every day every second she and
her father Yuda Coen say outside of
Israel hostage families have seen both
hatred and support but not enough action
our government is more focused on
fighting which as we see and after 107
days it's not bringing us any of our
beloved ones back alive more than 100
civilians abducted from Israel by Hamas
were exchanged for Palestinian prisoners
during the November ceas fire there have
been no releases since with Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Nan Sunday
vowing to continue the war in Gaza until
Hamas is no longer a
threat in exchange for the release of
our hostages Hamas demands the end of
the war the withdrawal of our forces
from Gaza the release of all the
murderers and rapists of nagba and
leaving Hamas intact if we agree to this
our Warriors fell in
vain different hostage families lobbied
us lawmakers in Washington last week
hoping they might help bring more
political pressure to secure their
release and for hostages who have been
released least the healing has hardly
begun some have no homes to come back to
others await the release of those still
held captive or mourn those who were
killed RTI Ohad and Karen came back uh
they were were released after 49 days
and our uncle Abraham is still in uh
captivity along with 135 others as they
approach four months in the hands of
Hamas their families kept in the dark
about their condition Natasha MAV News
Seattle