the Kremlin reacted to the Iranian
attack on Israel with a mix of diplomacy
and retribution Vladimir Putin's
spokesman Demitri pesov issued a
statement by phone as reported by the
Reuters news agency we're extremely
concerned about the escalation of
tensions in the region we call on all
countries in the region to exercise
restraint from Russian representative to
the United Nations vasil nebenzia a
stronger statement that puts
responsibility for any further rise in
tension on Israel the
West we note the signal set by Tran that
they do not seek a further military
escalation against Israel and we urge
the west and Jerusalem to follow suit
and reject the practice of provocative
use of force in the Middle East in a
post on social media Russian foreign
Ministry spokeswoman Maria zaharova
criticized any expectation that Russia
would condemn Iran for this attack while
Israel she said has not criticized
Ukrainian attacks on Russian territory
Israel has condemned Russia's full-scale
invasion of Ukraine analysts say the war
in Ukraine has led Moscow to abandon
what they describe as its previously
moderate position in the Middle East
opting now to show clear support for
Tyron the truth is is that moscow's very
carefully controlled and calibrated
relations with all of the Middle East
Powers is now a think of a past the
reason it has changed is because of the
context of the war in Ukraine whereby
Russia Wants What It Wants needs what it
needs and is willing to sacrifice some
previous relationships in order to
attain this as observers see it Russia
appears to have taken sides in the
Middle East confrontation signaling the
growing impact of its full-scale
invasion of Ukraine for Ricardo Marina
Steve baragona vaa news