all right so let's start with the big
story that we are tracking on VI desar
the United Nations security Council will
be holding an open meeting that's been
requested by Russia later in the day
today the meeting will discuss a
suspected Israeli air strike of an
Iranian diplomatic facility the Iranian
Embassy in fact in Syria that has killed
at least about 10 people the Russian
first Deputy permanent representative to
the United Nations has said that the
Israeli air
bombing has turned has now turned to the
unit Nations security Council to condemn
this act following which Russia is now
requested for an open briefing of the
United Nation Security Council the
maltes presidency has now scheduled this
meeting for 300 p.m. local time in New
York that is about 7 PM greenich
meantime in a major escalation in the
West Asian region suspected Israeli
fighter jets had bombed Iran's Embassy
in Syria in Damascus seven of Iran's
military advisers and three senior
commanders have been killed in these
bombings that have been carried out by
the
Israelis now remember Israel has
repeatedly targeted several military
installations in
Syria but Monday's attack is the first
time that Israel has hit the embassy
compound of Iran in
Damascus media reports have cited
unnamed Israeli officials who have now
acknowledged these attacks by the
Israelis the Israeli military has not
officially commented on this air strike
but remember this is the practice that
Israel follows where it seldom formally
acknowledges the air strikes that it
carries out inside the Syrian
territory Von is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the move