[Music]
running with a tire shot with the bullet
abdel-fatah abdelnaby was killed in the
Gaza Strip last Friday
he's one of at least 17 people who've
died as a result of their injuries up to
30 thousand Palestinians had made their
way to the border fence with Israel
demanding the right of Palestinian
refugees and their descendants to return
to their lands which are now Israeli
territory organizers wanted this to be a
peaceful protest to mark the start of a
six-week campaign for recognition but it
turned violent the Israeli military says
it fired using live ammunition according
to its rules of engagement after it says
Israeli troops along the border were
fired upon and protesters threw rocks
Israel says at least eight of those
killed were members of Hamas
what we've seen is a violent riot in its
clearest form the Hamas terrorist
organization have sent their people here
to camouflage their true intentions and
we've seen that on the ground just
behind where I'm standing right now the
UN and the EU have called for an
independent investigation into the
violence the Israeli Defense Minister
Avigdor Lieberman says there won't be a
commission of inquiry
he says soldiers did what was necessary
among the injured is 12 year old Bashar
Wadden he was hit by gunfire I was just
standing there when I felt something hit
my leg and it pushed me to the ground
Palestinians have previously marked land
day to remember territory confiscated by
Israel in 1976 but this protest called
the march of return has drawn crowds
from across Gaza the right of return
appears to be uniting Palestinians of
all ages they've set up tent cities at
five points along the buffer zone with
Israel a peaceful yet prominent act of
protest they're hoping they say that the
old will die and the young will forget
but no the young are children sitting
here saying they want to go back to
their families lands the lands of their
fathers and grandfathers they want to go
back the young have more ambition war
than their fathers and grandfathers but
will young Gazans ever be able to
realize that ambition when sovereignty
is at stake on both sides of the fence
Nataly ponen the newsmakers
[Music]