Israel Security Forces received enough
warning signs prior to October 7th to
prepare for hamas's attacks Aid's report
reveals the report pinpoints the
northern Brigade of the Israeli Army's
Gaza division as responsible for
security at the Nova Music Festival
although the division's commander was
aware of the warnings the party's
organizers weren't and the event wasn't
cancelled the organizers who did call to
report the attack in the early hours
were told that forces were in chaos and
that they were on their own the
organizers added that if they even had
an advanced warning they could have
evacuated all Festival attendees the
Howard's report details two urgent
consultations between top defense
officials on the night of Friday October
6th the meetings were to ascertain the
nature of the threat the first
consultation took place close to
midnight and involved senior figures
from Israel Security Service the shined
the head of the Israeli Army's operation
branch and the Army's Southern command
Chief the second meeting occurred around
3:00 a.m. and involved the shin bed's
Chief Ronan bar after this conversation
the Israeli Army went with the shinb
BET's assessment that Hamas was only
conducting training but readied forces
in the event that Hamas might attack
Israel's unpreparedness goes back
further than the hours preceding October
7th a perfect storm that's how the head
of Israeli security describ the Region's
geopolitical realities before hamas's
October 7th attack warning Netanyahu
that Iran Hezbollah and Hamas would see
conditions ripe for an attack Israeli
officials had received a 40-page
document detailing hamas's plan more
than a year earlier but dismissed it as
they deemed it ambitious and Beyond
hamas's capabilities oh and here's
something interesting from Channel 12
they talked about a TV show that aired
on Hamas TV last year showing an
infiltration similar to that which
occurred on October 7th hamas's Gaza
leader Yaya sinir said he saw the show
as an Inseparable part of what we are
preparing he added that hamas's military
Wing is absolutely planning for the
Liberation and return of and to
historical Palestine so given that Hamas
made no secret of its plans and Israeli
security officials had ample time to
prepare why do you think they didn't let
us know in the
comments