it is day three of truce between Israel
and Hamas and Hamas Fighters are set to
release a third group of Israeli
hostages in exchange for Palestinian
prisoners on Saturday Hamas released 13
Israeli and four Thai hostages in
exchange for the freedom of another 39
Palestinian Prisoners the hostages were
handed over to the red cost for safe
passage into Israel it included Six
Women and seven teenagers or
children now goodbye w
Red Red Cross Vehicles carried the
second round of released hostages
through Egypt's raer broader
Crossing some of the 13 Israelis and
four Thai Nationals released from Hamas
captivity arrived at the Sheba Medical
Center in Israel today black vans
carrying the released hostages arrived
at the hospital under tight
security I am uh happy to say that
despite the fact that the uh house
conditions that have been under and the
um experience of captivity they did not
um require any urgent medical uh
intervention the entire exchange of
hostages was monitored by prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu the Prime Minister
has been monitoring The Exchange process
since Friday in return Israeli prison
authorities released 39 Palestinian
detainees the prisoners were welcomed
home in East Jerusalem celebrations
broke out in several parts of
palestine's West Bank to celebrate the
release of the prisoners from Israeli
jails
but the second hostage prisoner Exchange
took several hours to materialize Hamas
delayed the second release yesterday
claiming that Israel failed to comply
with preset terms regarding the entry of
relief trucks into Northern Gaza
disagreement over criteria for releasing
prisoners also led to the delay Hamas
decided to continue the temporary truce
only after Egyptians and qataris assured
that Israel would abide by all agreed
terms Israel says the deal could be
further extended by a day for the
release of 10 hostages over and above
the limit of 50 hostages agreed
upon weon is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the
move