Israel has rejected accusations of a
state-led genocide campaign against the
Palestinian people as false and grossly
distorted at the international court of
justice on Friday it also urged judges
to throw out the genocide case brought
by South Africa if there have been acts
that may be characterized as
genocidal then they have been
perpetrated against Israel at hearings
on Thursday South Africa asked the court
to propose emergency measures ordering
Israel to Halt its military campaign but
on Friday the Israeli foreign ministry's
legal adviser tal Becka said to do so
would leave Israel defenseless it is
respectfully submitted that the
application and request should be
dismissed for what they are a
Lial designed to deny Israel the right
to defend itself according to the law
from the unprecedented Terrorist on
Onslaught it continues to
face and to free
the 136 hostages Hamas still
holds Israel launched its war in Gaza
after the October 7th crossborder
Rampage by Hamas militants Israeli
officials say 1,200 people were killed
and 240 taken
hostage South Africa argued that
Israel's subsequent bombardment of the
Palestinian clave killing well over
23,000 people according to Gaza Health
authorities aimed to bring about the
destruction of gaza's
population however Becca put forward
that Israel's war was against Hamas and
not the Palestinian people and that the
key component of genocide the intent to
destroy a people in whole or part was
totally
lacking that Israel argued meant the icj
has no jurisdiction of under the
genocide convention to order halt to its
military actions however South Africa's
Justice Minister Roland Lola said Israel
had failed to disprove his country's
case self-defense is no answer to
genocide nothing can ever justify
genocide there is no balancing exercise
as Israel has sought to suggest the
prohibition is
absolute outside the court Palestinian
backers marched with flags and watch
proceedings on a giant screen Israeli
supporters also held a gathering of
family members of hostages taken by
Hamas the court is expected to rule on
possible emergency measures later this
month however a ruling on the genocide
allegations could take years the icj's
decisions are final and without appeal
but the court has no way to enforce
them