I think this war is going to be bigger
it's going to be longer and it's going
to be even more destructive and deadlier
than any of the previous Wars between
Israel and Hamas this is going to be
Urban Warfare this is a
three-dimensional War you have to expect
that the enemy is attacking you from
above from below from the front and uh
from behind you can't enter with
mechanized vehicles uh you have to go in
by infantry and you have to fight
basically for house and
house likely that many of them are being
kept in hamas's underground tunnels and
bunkers um so it's very difficult to to
find them to reach
them
it's not just Israeli citizens who are
held hostage but there's also many
foreign Nationals so many other
governments are also going to be trying
to do what they can to bring their
hostages home and this really
complicates uh the whole situation
because it's going to be very difficult
for it Z for the Israeli Army to wage uh
war in the Gaza Strip without
jeopardizing the lives of those hostages
and I think uh uh as the the days and
weeks go on there's going to be mounting
public pressure inside Israel and around
the world to bring those hostages
home really the only way to secure the
the release of those hostages is likely
to be through some sort of negotiated
agreement with Hamas however distasteful
that may be but Hamas is going to demand
a very very high price for the Rel
releasing those hostages basically Hamas
has seized those hostages to serve as
bargaining ships in order to secure the
release of Palestinian PR especially
Hamas prisoners in Israeli
jails we know from previous campaigns
that um Hamas is using civilians as a
kind of human Shields so therefore the
the ground invasion is the alternative
to bombing uh from above AA into rubbles
so which means basically the chances for
civilians to survive is much higher than
if uh Israel would rely on a purely a
air campaign but definitely we have to
expect that also civilians are getting
killed in this ground Invasion it's
basically impossible for any army uh no
matter how skilled and trained uh to
conduct a a major war uh in in such a
small territory without seriously
affecting the lives of Palestinian
[Music]
civilians