another demonstration in London this one
specifically do demand that Britain stop
arming Israel British Military Support
to Israel is quite limited the biggest
suppliers of the US with about 2/3 of
the arms going into Israel running into
billions of dollars a year followed by
Germany with about 30% and then a small
percentage about 5% or so from Italy
Britain comes considerably below that
but this is support that supplies Fair
parts to us made aircraft that are
bombing Gaza and to that extent this
demonstration is calling for an end to
that support foreign secretary David
Cameron has been emphatic that the
support will continue and this now marks
a new phase of demonstrations and
opposition to the British government
policies in relation to Israel and over
Gaza you're that the volume of uh UK
armed cells uh to Israel a small
proportion of the weapons that Israel
receives it's still over 400 million
pounds of sales since
2015 but politically if the UK
government stop selling arms to Israel
that would be a seismic moment
politically the UK government regards
Israel as an ally it's wrong in doing
that Israel is a state that's in serial
violation of inter international law we
should not have been selling weapons uh
to Israel we should have stopped selling
weapons to Israel decades ago but right
now in the UK this is rising high on the
political agenda a thousand lawyers
including the ex president of the
Supreme Court have told the government
it is in breach of international law if
it continues to sell weapons a senior
conservative MP the chair of the Foreign
Affairs select committee says she has
seen the legal advice the government has
received that says Israel is in
breaching of international law and even
now now even the labor party its
leadership is saying the government must
publish the advice that is received all
of this is due to popular pressure we
need to keep that pressure up I think
it's really important we've all got to
show up and tell our government and all
our leaders of the opposition stop
arming Israel enough's enough no more
bloodsheds no more bloodsheds I think
what's going on in Gaza is not helping
Israel it's not contributing to is
Israel security it's appalling for the
Palestinians there has to be solved by
talks and by negotiation not by
destroying the lives and homes of
millions of people