meanwhile as deadly clashes continue in
a Palestinian camp in Lebanon the head
of the Armed group Hezbollah has now
called for a halt today is a fighting
between the Rival Palestinian factions
at least 11 people have been killed and
dozens wounded in the camp since
fighting broke out on Saturday between
the mainstream faction fatah and the
islamist militants
the head of Lebanon based Hezbollah
group has said that anyone who could
pressure make contact or make an effort
to secure a truce should do so by
long-standing convention the Lebanese
Security Services do not enter
Palestinian refugee camps in the country
which leaves the factions themselves to
handle security
so far the negotiations between the
Rival factions have failed to secure a
lasting ceasefire at least 2 000 people
have fled their homes in the camps since
the violence broke out
and this is according to the United
Nations Agency for the Palestine
refugees
the USDA department has also reacted to
the clashes and is call for the Rival
factions to respect the protection of
the civilians there
we continue to follow the alarming
reports of escalating violence in the
refugee camp that has reportedly
resulted in at least 11 deaths and many
injured including two children with at
least two thousand people displaced we
are especially concerned by reports that
the violence has damaged at least two
schools operated by unra we applaud
unre's work to provide emergency shelter
and humanitarian services to the
displaced and we call it all factions in
the camp to respect the protection and
dignity of civilians and public and
private property including schools and
health care facilities and to abide by
the humanitarian principles of
neutrality impartiality and Independence
including with respect to Medical