turkey is a big player in this region
and president RB Ty erdogan likes to
play a role in every conflict that's
going on uh with Ukraine and aaban
against uh Armenia he's supplying both
Ukraine and aaban with military drones
in Libya he's supplying the
internationally recognized government
with military advisors and in the Gaza
conflict so far he's been supplying Aid
via Egypt to the Palestinians now I
think erdogan once from this meeting
with Ishmael Hana um a good fix on what
are hamas's latest conditions for a
ceasefire and the release of hostages
he'd also like to sound out Hana on what
type of G Aid um he would uh the
Palestinians require from hana's point
of view Hana sees erdogan as a man with
a voice in Washington and in Europe he
wants his support he already has his
support but he knows it's important for
him to keep uh Richard T erdogan well
informed up to date on the conflict well
he certainly got no chance of mediating
between Hamas and Israel on Wednesday
this week erdogan likened Israel to Nazi
Germany Israel and Turkey have recalled
ambassadors from each other's capitals
uh he has no clout uh no leverage uh to
negotiate with Israel however um he does
have a certain uh clout in in Washington
he would be listened to however when it
comes to mediating this dispute
Washington is getting the mediation
advice from Qatar and Egypt those two
countries are playing a a much more
important role uh between Hamas uh and
and Israel um however um you know it's
in turkey's interests to keep informed
turkey can and has been supplying Aid to
the Palestinians when a ceas fire comes
uh turkey would want to play a role in
the Reconstruction of Gaza
uh so you know turkey as a secular
Muslim country plays a role in the
middle uh in the not only in the Middle
East but in the Muslim World in
advancing the Palestinian cause