folks there's a an Irish poet named will
Butler Yates and uh he wrote a line he
said too long of suffering makes a stone
of the
heart too long of suffering makes a
stone of the
heart the thing that I found in just
this real quick meeting with all of you
is none of your hearts have turned to
stone yet every one of you talked about
what you have to do everyone to talk to
you about having to reach out talked
about whether or not they're Jew or a
Muslim reach out and uh you know uh I've
uh often
said I I remember the first time that I
uh was in Israel with gold in my ear she
was just before the Six Day
War and she was telling me how terrible
everything was which it was she kept
flipping the maps up and down behind her
and all of a sudden she looked at me and
she said would you like a
photograph and I thought that's unusual
and we guess she just got up and walked
out that door outside her
office and we're standing there having a
photograph taken like you and I are
standing looking at the press and she
without looking at me she turned she
like this she said you look worried
Senator I said I am she said don't worry
we chws have a secret weapon in our
fight
we have no place else to
go well the truth of the matter is if
there weren't in Israel we'd have to
invent one the truth of the matter is
that I believe that as I went home and I
said got in trouble at the time but it
is true you don't have to be a Jew to be
a
Zionist you don't have to be a Jew to be
a
Zionist and I think the security and
safety of Jews worldwide is anchored in
the continued Vibrance of the state of
Israel that's what I think it's about at
its core and so uh I'm admired you uh
you all this country for so long and uh
I'm convinced that the more people know
the your responses to what's happening
as opposed to just what war peace is
about the more they're going to be in
kinded to embrace Embraces her and uh
but uh a lot more to say but I like to
talk to you private if I can