[Music]
make no mistake the decision by the us
to start air dropping Aid into Gaza is a
last resort and it was done because the
situation is now too desperate to wait
any
longer early on Saturday morning three
US aircraft dropped 38,000 meals into
Gaza because America is now running out
of
patience this is the problem with air
drops a few days ago a Jordanian
parachute failed to open properly
risking the lives of anyone beneath
it and some of the eight missed and
landed in the sea people swam out to try
and reach it any um humanitarian Aid is
welcome because the situation is so bad
but air drops are inefficient
insufficient wasteful potentially
dangerous and they are only really a a
you know a last resort when Road or sea
delivery is impossible in Gaza both
roads and see delivery can be carried
out with no official organization
receiving the aid and distributing it to
those who need it most it can be chaos
when Aid does
arrive that's what happened in the early
hours of Thursday morning as an aid
Convoy tried to reach Northern Gaza
there is still confusion about what
happened next and how more than a 100
people died Israel says there was a
stampede that admitted some of its
soldiers opened fire United Nations has
now said that they have seen bodies with
gunshot wounds in the hospitals this
hospital is treating more than 200
people that were injured yesterday we
have seen people with gunshot wounds we
have seen abuts uh and we have seen uh
children as young as 12 that were
injured yesterday uh these events cannot
be allowed to go on today an is ready
ready air strike hit the main entrance
of the emirati hospital in Rafa an
unknown number of people were killed and
injured
this is a medical facility in a supposed
safe Zone in Gaza today both death and
salvation has come from the air above
them as The Bu Sky News in Jerusalem