Hamas says there will be no release of
hostages unless Israel ends its armed
conflict now the comment comes as the
Palestinian military group released a
video showing three elderly Israeli
hostages our e has the
latest Hamas official assama Hamden on
Monday reaffirmed the militant group
stance that any negotiations on a
hostage release were off the table until
Israel stops its war against Gaza
speaking at a press conference in Beirut
Hamden said Hamas is open to initiatives
from Qatar and Egypt about a hostage
exchange that would stop the armed
conflict in Gaza the comments came as
the militant group on Monday released a
minute long video showing three elderly
Israeli hostages pleading for their
immediate release the three hostages
aged 79 80 and 84 were taken to Gaza on
October 7th in the video one of the
captives said he he along with other
elderly hostages have chronic illness
and that their conditions were harsh
International condemnation of Israeli
air strikes is growing as recent attacks
at a hospital in Gaza killed a
13-year-old girl while an air strike at
a un run school also killed five others
as the funerals for three Israelis
mistakenly shot and killed by Israeli
soldiers last Friday were held Israelis
also protested against its government
calling for a ceasefire for the release
of the hostages however Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is
maintaining his hard-lined stance saying
the military will continue to fight
until Hamas is eliminated and all
hostages are released meanwhile US
Secretary defense Lloyd Austin said he
held talks with Israeli officials to get
a clear assessment on their military
operations speaking at a joint news
conference on Monday with Israeli
defense minister yuav Gallant Austin
said that the two defense Chiefs
discussed Pathways towards a future for
Gaza after
Gallant on the other hand said while
there is no clock on the phases of the
war The Next Step would be to have
refugees who fled from Gaza to be able
to return home however he stressed that
at the current stage refugees from
northern Gaza would be the first to
return home isang news