[Music]
Donald Trump's announcement that the
u.s. now considers Jerusalem the capital
of Israel predictably led to widespread
protests some of them violent the
political and diplomatic fallout has
been just as intense the President of
the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas
described Donald Trump's move as the
slap of the century and said the US
could no longer be regarded as an honest
broker for peace but Abbas himself is
now in a difficult position the entire
peace process has no credibility which
puts pressure on President Abbas to say
well if it's not going to be about
pursuing peace via a political process
led by the US right now then what is it
going to be that's the challenge for him
to define right now yes - 10 / l22 is an
update
the UN voted overwhelmingly to call on
the Americans to reverse the Jerusalem
announcement but Trump threatened to
withhold funds from those nations
opposing the US and he warned the
Palestinians of the tens of millions of
dollars in aid they receive every year
was also at risk they weren't prepared
to negotiate the peace a boss actually
might be the one in this case there's
actually holding back the peace process
and that this threat basically is to
help him move to action and move him
back to the table as the boss has
continued to say over the past couple of
months that negotiations for peace are
no longer possible so I think that this
threat is very right from mr. Trump in
terms of helping to bring the
Palestinians back to the table and
negotiate a process for peace but mr.
Abbas will tell the Security Council
that the Palestinians are no longer
prepared to accept the u.s. as a
mediator with Israel he'll call for a
panel of international powers to take
over that role but he'll also make it
clear that despite the recent
controversies the Palestinians remain
fully committed to achieving peace Jon
brain TRT world New York
[Music]
you