President Biden and Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu spoke today
for the first time in more than a month
amid growing tensions over Israel's
offensive in Gaza and the president
warned Netanyahu that the US would not
support an operation into Rafa without a
plan to ensure the safety of innocent
civilians cbs's Chris livay reports that
Israeli forces today raided a hospital
in Northern Gaza as famine there
spreads
the gunfire cracked at the shifa
Hospital complex in Northern Gaza where
30,000 Palestinians are Sheltering but
among them according to the Israeli
military were Hamas militants the course
of the war and its humanitarian costs
are driving a wedge between Israel and
its closest Ally the United States
President Biden and prime minister
Netanyahu hadn't spoken for at least a
month until today on the call today
President Biden asked the prime minister
to send a senior inter agency team
composed of milit Ary intelligence and
humanitarian officials to Washington in
the coming days to hear us concerns
about Israel's current Rafa planning
Israel agreed to that request this comes
after Senate Majority Leader Chuck
Schumer last week called for new
elections here now the Israeli leader
has shot back I think Schumer's
statements are wholly inappropriate I
think we're not a Banana Republic
negotiations reconvened in Doha today
with Israel offering a six week pause
for 40 hostages among those still in
captivity itai hen last week Israel
confirmed the American was killed in
October but Hamas is holding his body as
a bargaining chip says his father say I
give you a blank piece of paper if you
have a daughter if you have a son and I
ask you put a pice on that piece of
paper what is that pice and tonight the
US confirms Israel has killed hamas's
number three military official Mar Juan
Isa US National Security adviser Jake
Sullivan says justice will come for the
others hiding in the tunnels Nora Chris
lay thank you so much