more than two years after signing the
Ibraham Accords ties between the UAE and
Israel have hit her off patch Reports
say the UAE is considering reduction of
its diplomatic presence in the Jewish
State Saudi media Reports say the
discontent in the UAE emanates from The
Commons made by an Israeli Minister on
Palestine Israeli Finance Minister basil
Els more treasure smotrich said in Paris
recently that there is no such thing as
the Palestinian people his remarks have
drawn widespread condemnation from the
International Community according to
these media reports in Saudi Arabia the
foreign Ministry of UAE ordered the
emirati ambassador to Israel not to meet
with any Israeli government official the
reports came as the senior advisor to
the UAE president is currently visiting
Israel the Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin netanyahu's office has denied
allegations that Israel is experiencing
a crisis in its ties with the UAE the
denial came after the UAE announced its
intention to stop the purchase of Israel
really made defense systems in protest
against the positions taken by
netanyahu's government last month the
UAE was among the numerous countries
that condemned an earlier comment by a
small Church the Israeli Minister that
the Palestinian town of havara needs to
be wiped out the UAE called the
government racist smotrich had later
claimed that his comment had not been
sincere and he then apologized
foreign
sent us this report
just days after warming ties with Iran
founding media has reported that the
United Arab Emirates is considering
reducing ties with Israel and has
ordered its Ambassador not to meet with
any Israeli government officials
Israel's Channel 12 is reported that the
UAE is canceling its purchase of
israeli-made Defense systems until they
can be sure that prime minister
Netanyahu has a government that he can
control however Israel's prime
minister's office has denied there is
any crisis in relations between the two
countries this is Jody parental we on
world is one
[Music]