during his visit to the Middle East this
week in the wake of the October 7th
Hamas attacks that killed 1,400 Israelis
French president Emmanuel macron made
Headlines by suggesting that the
International Coalition to defeat the
Islamic State group widen its scope to
also Target
Hamas on the basis of this experience
let us build with all the states which
are ready to help today Israel but all
the countries in the region to fight
against terrorist groups including Hamas
to share information to identify these
terrorists and neutralize them macron's
office clarified that the proposal was
not about sending troops on the ground
but that it rather would involve sharing
intelligence and combating the financing
of terrorism the US state department
designated Hamas a terrorist group in
1997 the European Union and other
Western countries also consider Hamas to
be a terrorist
organization but Hamas has received
verbal support from turkey and Arab
countries such as Qatar and is backed by
Iran Bruce Hoffman an expert in
counterterrorism with the Council on
Foreign Relations said he doubts
macron's idea will win much support
among Arab countries because of the
outrage over Israel's retaliatory
attacks on Gaza he spoke to vaa Via Zoom
I think given how messy Gaza is now with
the destruction uh that's been caused
with the displacement of
populations um it would be very
difficult for many countries to commit
to any kind of active role in in gaza's
future or encountering Hamas Katherine
Zimmerman a counterterrorism expert with
the American Enterprise Institute told
vaa that finding any practical solution
to stopping Hamas Terror would be a huge
challenge she spoke to vaa Via Zoom it's
a very difficult needle to thread and I
actually think it might be impossible
with Hamas itself where the group's
mission
statement it's not to advance the
Palestinian cause but in there is the
idea of destroying Israel and so it
would literally mean transforming what
Hamas is in order to to deal with this
terrorism problem US President Joe Biden
has repeatedly called for another step
that macron has also backed a Revival of
the two-state based Israeli Palestinian
peace process once the Gaza War is Over
Cindy s VA
news the laws of war before Israeli has
to do everything