uh must be insanely difficult it's time
stopped I I don't understand my own
feelings I this is the last place Aaron
broish wants to be talking about his
sister-in-law niece and two nephews is
gut-wrenching yet it's keeping him sane
you he's just a cute four-year-old I
mean he's four yeah um you know he likes
playing soccer mostly in the house
telling stories about them he says puts
a human face to what is otherwise a grim
and passionate
number more than 200 people still held
hostage in Gaza by Hamas and now after
weeks of an intense and deadly Israeli
response the families of the hostages
are openly questioning if the strategy
will see results we realized immediately
that we have to start um putting
pressure on the Israeli
government uh to make this their
priority um you know not not one of the
priorities of the war not the top
priority of the war but the only
priority um do you feel that's being
done I I feel that it's been 24 days and
they're not back so no to that end
families of the hostages have been on a
tour of major media markets around the
world looking for political and
influential allies last week I was uh
with a delegation in
Madrid what they need they say is help a
country like Canada that can bridge the
gap between Hamas and Israel and
negotiate the return of the
hostages I think to have an intermediate
is crucial right
now and that is the only way to bring
Sol uh to bring a quick solution that
will help all civilians in in uh in the
region it has nothing to do with the war
if has nothing to do with choosing sides
it's a humanitarian issue that needs to
be solved immediately kids can't survive
in captivity yet here we are with kids
on both sides of the conflict caught in
the middle Mike drle Global News Toronto