Palestinians in Gaza are scrabbling to
find fuel shelter and food India Today
is reporting from the epicenter of the
war Gaza take a look at this drown
report
ranked
tall blocks
flattened the ruins of what was a giant
structure in Gaza not long ago as you
see not only the mosque was totally
damaged but other nearby virginy very
close home to this mosque has been
partially damaged because of the Israeli
strike on the MOs and the neighborhood
in general this one of the closest homes
to the mosque that was partially damaged
by the raid on the m 2 million residents
running out of food fuel electricity and
water in the Under Siege Gaza
stream many lost their homes their dear
ones to incessant bombings by Israeli
War
ples many others trying to to find a
safe shelter in un school buildings as
ground attacks by Israeli forces look
imminent this is a fortory building the
four story building of one of the
neighbors of
ibraim that this destruction of such a
building has uh affected aim's apartment
just nearby and this is one actually of
the let me say hundreds may be hundreds
of buildings residential homes that have
been destroyed either completely or
partially by the Israeli War Plains over
the past 6 days of intensive sporic
Israeli a strikes on the Gaza Strip
India Today reporting from inside Gaza
where a massive humanitarian crisis has
unfolded amidst Fierce Israeli
retaliation to hamas's Saturday
incursions this is what remains of a
bombed building from
inside the death toll in Gaza Rose to
1,200 early Thursday according to the UN
the number of people displaced by the
Israeli air strikes has soed to 3 lakh
39,000 India today bringing you
comprehensive coverage of the Israel
Hamas war from both sides the latest
developments and the human cost of the
conflict
with Rami almari from Gaza Bureau report
India
today