Israel is under a lot of pressure at the
moment the military has admitted that
there was Intelligence failure on their
part prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
was caught off guard and people from
across Israel have paid the price just
about an hour ago Gaza rocket parage
triggers Sirens all the way in Tel Aviv
even though the Hamas militants attacked
from South Central Israeli cities have
also taken a hit many have been living
in their shelters permanently because of
recurring sir siren warnings Amit the
shelling there's a lot of visible anger
among the people let me show you a
couple of
instances two Israeli ministers were
visiting a hospital when they were
forced to leave the environment Minister
was in a hospital in central Israel
where she was confronted by visitors and
staff one of the visitors can be heard
saying to the official you've ruined
this country get out of here a hospital
worker in Green scrubs then says how are
you not ashamed to start another
war in another instance the transport
Minister was paraded out of a hospital
in Tel Aviv even with security officials
present one of the hecklers threw what
happened to be white pain at The
Minister's
car
[Music]
in a separate footage taken at the shba
medical center in Tel Aviv the economy
Minister was challenged by family
members of some of the victims he was
asked can't you see what's happening to
us the anger is palpable and many say
Justified after 6 days Israel Defense
Forces Chief released his first public
statement since the war began he finally
admitted to Serious failures that
enabled hamas's infiltration and then
went on to say that everything will be
done to bring back the hostages the
truth is the Intel fa failure has put
the people of Israel in a
dilemma they don't know whether to blame
Nathan yahu for the intelligent failure
or rally behind him to support the war
some of Nathan Yahoo's harshest critics
are holding off at the moment they seem
wary of provoking more instability at
this time of
uncertainty historically in the midst of
any crisis political leaders tend to see
a boost in popularity and that is
evident with the opposition leaders
keeping a side differences and joining
hands to form the war
cabinet
[Music]
for