the Canadian embassy in Cairo has
confirmed that the Rafa border crossing
between Gaza and Egypt has been closed
all day and the Wall Street Journal is
reporting that that closure is temporary
as part of an effort to get a number of
wounded Palestinian civilians out of the
area Hamas says they were injured in an
Israeli air strike on an ambulance
yesterday and foreign Nationals will not
be allowed to leave Gaza until the
wounded get safe passage Tom Perry is
part of our CBC News team on the ground
in the Middle East he's joining us from
from Cairo so Tom a lot of confusion
about what's actually been going on at
that border today what can you tell
us well we did get that statement uh
today from uh the Canadian embassy in
Cairo confirming that the Rapa Crossing
between Gaza uh and Egypt has been
closed all day now why exactly that was
closed that's where things get a little
more uh confusing we have seen reports
that uh the US is Israel and Egypt
accusing Hamas of trying to put wounded
Fighters across the border for treatment
uh of course Hamas denies that but that
seems to be the uh the sticking point
here that uh Hamas was trying to get
injured Palestinians across there's a
suspicion on the part of the Israelis
the Egyptians and the Americans that
these are in fact injured Hamas Fighters
and what seems to be happening and we've
heard this from sources other sources as
well is that hamas's position is
essentially that uh well if our people
don't get across well then nobody gets
across and that's really been a setback
here there were supposed to be this
morning we were talking about over 700
people going across uh the border from
Gaza to Egypt today uh if that number is
zero uh that's a major setback for
efforts to get people across because
even 700 730 I believe the number was uh
even that was a pretty ambitious number
I don't think the Border since it has
opened has had that many people going
across so when I saw that this morning I
thought well good luck but if the border
is closed now that's going to mean that
the people who were supposed to go
across today presumably won't go across
till tomorrow and that's when Canadians
were supposed to go across so that's
when the domino effect starts coming
well it really starts coming into play