a lot there in terms of of sort of
updates from Anthony blinken but one
thing that struck me was all the imagery
that he was using whether it was about
children you know the faces of children
on both the Israeli and the Palestinian
side seemed to depict that very
difficult balancing act that the US is
trying to perform at the moment between
supporting Israel's uh right to defend
itself and the humanitarian need on the
ground in Gaza right
now yes and I I actually didn't think
that there was a huge amount um in that
statement that differed from what we
have heard um before if anyone was
looking for for more Nuance uh in
America's um wholehearted support for
Israel given the number of civilians
that that are dying in Gaza right now I
don't think they would have been pleased
by that I don't think they that there
was a great deal more Nuance he was
absolutely firmly committed as he has
been before as President Biden has been
um in his Israel's continued right to
defend itself um which is what he
believes is playing out uh in Gaza right
now at the very beginning of his of his
speech um he uh or of his statement uh
he pointed out that he had seen yet more
imagery uh from that day on the 7th of
October uh in the Kutz uh kabut in down
in the south of Israel um and he he
specified he talked specifically about
one incident I've seen it too this is
stuff that's not been published but
which has been shown um privately to to
people so that the Israelis can just
remind the world how horrific that day
was it shows a father and his two sons
running um into a bunker a grenade is
then thrown into the bunker the father
dies the two children then run back
inside uh and um they presumably are now
hostages in Gaza it is awful awful to
watch um he talked too about the
civilians in Gaza as well um he said
when I see the dead Palestinian children
I think of my own children but he's
threading a very tight needle um in
saying that they are doing what they can
to make sure the Israelis are abiding by
international law very difficult stuff