chayu as well um chayu the strike by
Iran of course is significant in fact
multiple missiles rockets and drones
fired but Pakistan calls this an
unprovoked attack but Iran calls this a
retaliatory attack how do you view that
statement how do you look into
this uh nna good afternoon and thank you
for having me I think Ambassador tunat
has set the scene uh for uh the key
issue here but let me put it uh in this
way this Iran Pakistan Jal issue is a
little bit complicated uh it's like odd
even there are days when they work
together there are reports from 2015 and
then 2021 that uh Pakistan had seriously
tried to nap some of the people who were
associated with this particular
terrorist group uh and they had worked
together and some of these people were
then handed over to Iran there have been
times where Pakistan has not been as
forthcoming and cooperating and Iran uh
in its own way had done its own surgical
strikes uh and has not not refrained
from taking ktic action against uh
Pakistan uh the borders are very porous
the terrain is difficult and this groups
they easily move between Iran and
Pakistan so uh and again Pakistan Has
Two Faces when all these things comes I
mean uh they have their own compulsions
uh in dealing with some of these issues
because these are the people who work
with local tribes uh and uh if Pakistan
takes very strong uh position against
them it can create domestic problems for
them as well so in many of the
circumstances we have seen Pakistan
having two faces on the one hand they
were saying to the Americans that you
are violating our sovereignity day in
and day out with drone attacks and on
the other hand they were privately
approving uh American drone attacks and
allowing them to practically operate
with impunity so when Pakistan says
something I'll take uh with a pinch of
salt because of course they have this
habit of playing all the actors against
each other to their advantage uh so a
lot remains to be seen But Jal is
definitely an issue between Pakistan and
Iran Iran is not very happy uh and uh if
Pakistan continues to proactively Harbor
this uh issue is going to only enlarge
and create a problem uh in the
ties