rescue teams in Libya continue the
painstaking task of searching for bodies
almost a week after more than 11 000
people were killed in catastrophic
flooding now Rising anger is adding to
the suffering as prosecutors open an
investigation into the role negligence
may have played in the disaster ctv's
Judy Trent reports
new video of Torrance sweeping away cars
buildings and lives following a massive
storm the water rushed in when two dams
collapsed Devastation that may be the
result of human recklessness
the prosecutor said the investigation
will probe local authorities and
previous governments for negligence the
investigation was launched after Libya's
prime minister admitted the dams may not
have been properly maintained
more than 11 000 people have been killed
hundreds are being buried in Mass Graves
while thousands more are missing
this man survived a four-story wall of
water and has been searching the
shoreline and streets of Susa for
relatives
I just want to find my brother and his
family and bury them they are under the
rubble while inderna another Survivor
struggles to cope only God knows what
we're going through he says no one helps
you not even the government some
International Help has arrived including
these Italian firefighters meanwhile the
United Nations is redeploying a disaster
coordination team from Morocco's
earthquake zone to Libya the UN says the
death toll could double this is a
tragedy in which climate and capacity
has collided to cause this terrible
terrible tragedy compounding the problem
Eastern Libya is ruled by the military
regime of Khalifa haftar his
administration isn't recognized by other
nations and it's unclear how much help
he can secure after his rival government
in Tripoli controls most of Libya's
money the World Health Organization says
it has sent enough humanitarian Aid to
the region to help 250
000 people including medicine surgical
supplies and body bags while Canada has
pledged five million dollars but this
humanitarian effort could be hampered by
political divisions
Heather absolutely heartbreaking Judy
Trin in Ottawa tonight