[Music]
Ebru scan was about to hit home to
Istanbul after spending Ramadan in
Jerusalem
but before she could board her flight
Ebru was arrested for alleged lengths
with terrorist groups on Monday she was
conditionally released for another
pending trial later this month
she's charged with attempting to smuggle
perfume a mobile phone charger and
$500 to Hamas
this is Israel anything is possible I
want them to set her free because she
hasn't committed a crime what did she do
I can't believe the so called Israel
Turkey relations grew strained after
Israeli commandos raided a Turkish aid
flotilla to Gaza in May 2010
earlier this year Turkey decided to
expel the Israeli ambassador in Ankara
in response to a crackdown on protests
in Gaza given these issues between the
two countries April's lawyer believes
her indictment is politically motivated
there is no concrete evidence of the
allegations being presented by the
Israeli prosecutor it's all a matter of
other considerations but definitely not
for legal reasons a bruise detention has
angered Ankara which has vowed to
retaliate ever is now in Jerusalem being
indicted for what her family in Turkey
Cole groundless and ridiculous charges
here in her hometown activists have
started a social media campaign calling
for her immediate release
her family says Israel is it trying to
punish Turkish citizens who support the
Palestinian cause
it's an arbitrary detention and the
clear message to Turkey even though
she's a woman Israel is demonstrating
that it can prevent people from showing
sympathy or given support to people in
this region a bruised family believes
she's being punished for her country's
politics our Mitali olu trt word
Istanbul
[Music]