there are fresh hopes of a hostage
release and ceasefire deal between
Israel and Hamas as talks resume in
Egypt today after numerous proof of life
videos were released by Hamas in the
last week the Israeli government is
under enormous pressure to make a deal
to get hostages home and scrap plans for
an invasion into Rafa our Middle East
correspondent Allison horn has more from
Jerusalem over the last few days there's
been a flurry of activity aimed at a
possible ceasefire and hostage release
deal one of the key mediators Egypt is
said to be optimistic about this new
round of negotiations that have been
stalled for weeks while the war inside
Gaza continues there is a fresh proposal
on the table from Israel which Hamas is
said to be considering the Hamas
delegation will travel to Cairo on
Monday for continued talks with
mediators and what's spurring some of
this action is Israel's planned Invasion
into Rafa in Israel there's a feeling
among some of the families of hostages
being held captive in Gaza that this
moment in time could be the last real
chance to negotiate to get the hostages
home and that if a Rafer Invasion occurs
those talks would end Israel's foreign
minister has also said that the planned
Rafer incursion could be suspended
should a hostage release deal be reached
but there's also enormous pressure in
Israel to keep this war going in fact
members of Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin netanyahu's right-wing cabinet
have been releasing public videos
appealing to the Prime Minister not to
make a deal they say it would be
surrendering that Hamas will rise up
again and they've even threatened to
quit the Coalition and bring down the
government if a deal is reached but
amongst the Israeli public there's a
real sense that the mood is changing
even in Israel's right-wing and
conservative media some commentators are
for the very first time calling for an
end to this war saying there's no
logical reason why the fighting should
continue in Gaza this is a massive shift
in a country which has up till this
point largely supported continuing this
war e