in the streets of Dearborn Michigan
overwhelming support for President Joe
Biden has turned to anger when we voted
for Joe Biden when I worked on his
campaign I thought he would be somebody
that could lead with humanity and
compassion uh clearly I was wrong uh so
I definitely feel bet trade more than
half of dearborn's residents are of Arab
descent and 70% of them voted for Biden
in
2020 but since Biden embraced Benjamin
Netanyahu and Israel's war in Gaza that
support has largely evaporated we worked
very hard to elect him in 2020 and now
we don't feel seen we don't feel heard
and we don't feel safe in our communties
because of the rhetoric coming from the
Biden
Administration it's a popular topic of
conversation in establishments like
Harrah's Coffee House amid the mingled
sense of the Middle East and North
Africa the loss of Arab American and
Muslim American Support could prove
costly for Biden Donald Trump won in the
state of Michigan by 10,000 votes in
2016 and in 2020 Biden won by
155,000 there are 200,000 registered
Muslim voters in the state of Michigan
Wayne County Commissioner Sam Bon a
Democrat who came from Lebanon in 1978
says there's only one way Biden will
regain support here the president of the
United States the most powerful Nation
on the face of this planet has to step
up to the podium and he calls on an
immediate and unconditional ceasefire
stop this genocidal War the mayor says
people here have long Memories We have
individuals here who live knowing the
scars and the trauma cuz they have the
firsthand accounts of what it's like to
live under an oppressive Israeli
occupation as chefs for Palestine raise
funds for humanitarian Aid to Gaza thank
you all so much palestinian-american
congresswoman Rashida T is one of just
18 votes in the 435 member House of
Representatives to support a call for a
ceasefire Alexis Zan has a message for
T's colleagues we see you we see your
silence
and you will see us when it comes to the
2024 elections here and elsewhere that
gives Biden and the Democrats just a
year to recover a loss of confidence
among Arab
Americans John hendin Al jazer Dearborn
Michigan make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer