Daniel and naria sharabi came to England
to share what they experienced on
October the 7th survivors of the Hamas
attack on Israel instead sharing the
video of what they experienced with the
UK border Force the checks we need to
cond nobody's saying that nobody has
said that once so knock the attitude off
we've made the decision and you're
coming in so just let us do the checks
we need to do and keep quiet look at me
okay you clear with that
we're the bosses not you all right those
officials at Manchester Airport they say
also told them they had to make sure
you're not going to do what you're doing
in Gaza over here they were detained for
two hours it's very bad after you been
through so many things and terrible
things and you arrive to new country
England and you don't accept to things
like this from the police officer in the
Border it's
yeah it's not nice welcome we facing
with this unitized and honestly if if I
will hear it from some civilians it will
be okay because it's civilians but where
I when when they I hear it from cap that
he official job and he's supposed to
watch me and give me the feeling that
I'm saved and he do exactly the opposite
uh so I I don't know what to think
honestly after what happened I'm not
feel safe here the brothers had been at
the Nova Music Festival on October the
7th they now support other survivors the
Jewish representative council of Greater
Manchester which invited them to the UK
says no Israeli traveler should face
discrimination the Home Secretary James
cleverly posted on X we are
investigating this we do not tolerate
anti-Semitism or any form of
discrimination this incident will be
handled in line with our disciplinary
proceed teaches this is not how you
supposed to treat to human being it's
not it's not matter if you are Jewish or
Christian of or or Muslims and this
these things supposed to stop we need to
fight with this aniti they plan to
encourage other survivors to come to the
UK to share their stories they say now
they're unlikely to for fear of anyone
else facing the same treatment Greg milm
Sky News Manchester