so would the administration support
that well in that answer President Biden
acknowledged the idea but he went on to
say that his approach President Biden's
approach which was highlevel Private
diplomacy has actually generated results
it has generated the introduction of a
substantial and growing amount of
humanitarian assistance to civilians in
Gaza the uh exit of thousands of foreign
Nationals including American citizens
from Gaza and the first pause in the
fighting since the conflict began and
the release of the first of of a set of
hostages 50 hostages all of that has
been the product of presidential
engagement private engagement hard
diplomacy that's the course that
President Biden set us on and that is
the course that is deliver just to be
very clear should we take his words that
it would be a worthwhile thought to mean
that the president is open to signing
legislation that would provide Aid to
Israel that comes with
conditions I I thought the president
really couldn't have been clearer when
he answered the question he acknowledged
the idea and then he said but the way
that I have conducted our diplomacy and
is what is actually producing results
that's what he's done so far and that's
what he's going to do is he open to it
again he is going to continue to focus
on what is going to generate results and
as he said in the press conference quite
clearly and as you can see from the fact
that for the last two days we've seen
hostages least the approach that he is
taking direct presidential diplomacy
behind closed doors with the Israelis
and with our Arab Partners that's what's
generating the kinds of results that
we're seeing right now that's the course
that he's on thanks for watching stay
updated about breaking news and top
stories on the NBC News app or follow us
on social media