released by the Israeli military these
images show its soldiers at the heart of
the AL shaah Hospital in Gaza they come
just hours after Israel launched what it
calls a targeted operation on the
complex which it claims as the sight of
an underground Hamas command and control
center the forces continued to search
the hospital in a targeted way and
according to intelligence and we will
continue to do so to gather additional
information and expose the terrorism
activity inside the hospital H in the
hospital we found weapons intelligence
military technology and operational
command centers and technological assets
belonging to
Hamas though there are no images of the
Israeli forces arrival at the hospital
medical employees are amongst the
witnesses shifa hospital is still
besieged the soldiers are still in the
ground floor and the wards they're
searching employees civilians even the
injured and patients they move from one
place to the other tanks are moving
inside the hospital walls and they
destroyed the wall in the northern area
of the
hospital Israel also released this
footage saying it showed the military
equipment and materials hidden under the
hospital's compound and that it was
proof that Hamas had hidden their
headquarters in tunnels beneath the
facility the solders entry into Al
shifar has drawn a wave of international
criticism and concern for the fate of
thousands of patients and civilians
trapped inside and the World Health
Organization has called the incursion
unacceptable hospitals are not
Battlegrounds we're extremely worried
for the safety of staff and
patients protecting them is
Paramount Witnesses have described
conditions inside the hospital as dire
with food and water scarce and doctors
forced to perform surgery without
electricity or
anesthesia there's also concern for the
most vulnerable patients including
scores of premature babies trapped
inside the
hospital