there are new developments as Israel
prepares for a possible ground assault
on the southern Gaza City of Rafa debah
p is in East Jerusalem with more on that
part of the story Deborah good morning
to you good morning for more than two
months Israel has threatened to send
troops into Rafa but even without such
an operation it is still under daily
bombardment explosions in ruer hitting
the tents of d placed Palestinians
priced up along the border with Egypt
some of them had only just got
there nobody in the world has had to run
from Death said Abu Imad only to find
Death chasing them again under pressure
at home over US policy on the war
Secretary of State Anthony blinken said
they are investigating allegations of
Human Rights abusers by Israel in Gaza
do we have a double standard the answer
is no the US is also looking and
blacklisting the idf's netak yahuda
Battalion made up of ultra Orthodox
soldiers for a number of alleged human
rights violations in the Israeli
occupied West
Bank the unit was implicated in the
death of a 78 year-old Palestinian
American Omar Assad in
2022 MDU Abu IUD was detained by the
unit with Assad and described how he
died after being bound blindfolded and
abandon Abed in the freezing
cold first on the scene afterwards Dr
Islam Abu zah he is old the man he is OB
he can't walk probably he didn't make
any any kind of risk for
soldiers in Israel a somber Passover
holiday has begun relatives of hostages
still in captivity burnt a symbolic
Passover table outside the home of prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu accused
using him of failing their loved
ones the mayor suggestion that the US
could Blacklist an IDF unit has angered
Israel with defense minister Galan
saying nobody will teach us about values
and morals Tony yeah certainly not
without 130 families waiting for their
loved ones still in captivity in Gaza
Deborah thank you very much