the prime minister is waiting on a spare
part or a replacement plane to bring him
back home after his aircraft was
grounded following the G20 Summit in
India the Canadian delegation is now
expected to depart in a few hours sctv's
Annie Barry General Oliver reports the
mechanical breakdown coincides with a
diplomatic one
Lively again business
during the G20 have now reopened but
more than 30 hours after the summit's
end prime minister Justin Trudeau's
plane is still sitting on the tarmac and
unable to fly him home it's embarrassing
as a country it's embarrassing why is it
that the plane that the prime minister
is traveling on is breaking down and
what does that say about how we are
taking care of the infrastructure around
our leaders in the country if this is
what he has to deal with Trudeau was
supposed to Sunday night but a technical
issue grounded the plane the part needed
to get the aircraft Airbound is now on
Route with a technician flying
commercial the problem likely related to
the aircraft's age the 80s era Polaris
Fleet is nearing the end of its lifespan
Canada has purchased replacement planes
but the only one delivered won't be
ready for the Prime Minister until at
least this fall we keep and operate
equipment way too long we let it go lots
of different fleets we operate past 30
years of age which is way before the
best replace date we should simply have
bought a new plane like this about 10
years ago Ottawa was hoping this trip to
India would be incident free since his
last visit in 2018 is often described as
a disaster instead this visit was marred
by several short and awkward moments of
the G20 with host prime minister
Narendra Modi and bad press by Indian
newspapers who are reporting Trudeau was
snubbed by the Indian government who
they say refused Canada's request for an
official bilateral meeting the fact that
the meeting didn't go particularly well
which is the narrative in the media
today coupled with the fact that
essentially the Prime Minister and his
team are stuck there is a really poor
reflection of the planning that we have
the prime minister's office says the
earliest departure for the Canadian
delegation is late Tuesday afternoon
that means it's likely the Prime
Minister will miss at least part of his
liberal caucus retreat in London Ontario
Annie Bergeron Oliver CTV News New Delhi