well fears of the Israel Hamas War
descending into a regional conflict have
been there since the War Began but in a
surprised move Iran which has been a
Hamas supporter says it does not want
the war to escalate the Iranian
authorities have informed the United
States about the same while also
mentioning that a wider conflict could
Pro prove inevitable if the crimes
against Palestinians are not stopped and
as for the Israeli foreign minister over
the past 40 days the US and Iranian
officials have been in touch through
diplomatic channels although no direct
contact has been established messages
have been exchanged between the two
countries via US interest sections at
the Swiss Embassy in tan the Iranian
foreign minister also revealed that the
Palestinian resistance in Gaza never
asked Iran to enter the war in addition
a senior Hamas official has denied
having differences with Hamas the
official refuted the Reuters report that
claimed all is not well between the
Hamas and Iran Reuters report claimed
that Iran had rebuked Hamas for not
giving it any prior warning for the
October 7th attack on Israel uh the
report further claimed that Iran had
refused to join the Hamas war against
Israel now Kini has reportedly delivered
a clear message to Hamas he has said
Iran will continue to lend political and
moral support to Hamas but will not
intervene directly in this war Kini also
demanded an end to calls for hisbah to
join the fighting a senior leader of
Hamas Osama hamdan has called all these
claims baseless he says a report intends
to destroy the image of Hamas and the
axis of resistance in the region Iran
has not officially responded to these
claims or has talked about the meeting
with
[Music]
honey