moving on now five people were killed
near the outskirts of tel aviv on
tuesday after a gunman started shooting
people on the streets this makes it the
third deadly attack in israel within the
span of a week
the attack took place in the ultra
orthodox town of nebraska residents say
that a man drove around and opened fire
at passers-by the gunman was later shot
dead by the israeli police an eyewitness
described the harrowing incident let's
listen in
foreign
[Music]
[Music]
while no one has claimed any
responsibility of the attack the
shooting on tuesday raised the number of
people killed by gunmen in israel to 11
the sharpest spike in attacks on city
streets in years prime minister naphtali
bennett acknowledged this and vowed to
deal with such attacks with an iron fist
issued a rare condemnation of the attack
saying the killing of israelis and
palestinians would only lead to
deterioration of the situation
u.s secretary of state anthony blinken
who was in the country on tuesday
condemned the attack calling the recent
spate of violence
unacceptable earlier a shooting on
sunday killed two israeli police
officers in the northern city of adera
that attack was later claimed by the
islamic state group making it the
group's first claim of an attack in
israel since 2017.
the attacks near tel aviv also come as
israeli defense minister benny ganz
visits jordan he met king abdullah ii in
a bid to ensure calm in the palestinian
territories during the muslim holy month
of ramadan this caution is due to
tensions which fled last year in april
between israeli forces and palestinians
visiting the al-aqsa mosque in east
jerusalem the violence had spiraled into
an 11-day conflict between israel and
hamas and the gaza strip
beyond is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move