the United Nations security Council has
approved the much delayed resolution on
Gaza that demands to significantly boost
Aid to The Enclave now after days of
negotiations to avoid a veto the United
States chose to abstain the watered down
resolution calls for speeding Aid
deliveries to desperate civilians in
Gaza however it fell short of demanding
a ceasefire the resolution urges the
creation of quote unquote conditions for
a sustain able secession of hostilities
but did not call for an immedate end to
fighting in the 15 member Security
Council 13 backed the resolution while
two abstained along with the US Russia
also abstained as it expressed
disappointment with the change of
language in the draft and pressed the
need to support what was initially
proposed by the UAE
delegation the initial draft had called
for an urgent and sustainable session of
hostilities to to allow Aid access the
US and Israel oppose a ceasefire
believing it would only benefit
Hamas and let's be clear Hamas has no
interest in a lasting peace Hamas is
determined to repeat the horrors of
October 7th over and over and over again
and that is why the United States
supports Israel's right to protect its
people from acts of
Terror now Israel says it is willing and
able to significantly increase the entry
of Aid trucks into Gaza however
officials have added that the country
will continue to inspect humanitarian
assistance for security reasons Hamas
has meanwhile called the resolution an
insufficient step for meeting gaza's
need however the West Bank based
Palestinian Authority has called the
resolution a step in the right direction
and said it would help end the
aggression as well as ensure the arrival
of Aid and protect the Palestinian
[Music]
people