a show of discontent met with Force
Israeli police using water cannon to
prevent protesters from blocking a
highway in Tel Aviv there were two
protests on Saturday evening one of them
in Kaplan Square the heart of Israel's
government and defense buildings it was
led by the kapan force a center to
leftwing group that led many protests
against the government's judicial
overhaul proposal last year the only
victory is to stop the war to save the
lives of 20 or 30,000 more innocent
gazans and more than 100 hostages I
think that the our government has to
call H to announce one-sided ceasefire
now and stop the war because I think it
is most important that the hostages will
be released and I think this is the only
way to release
them the other protests and what has
become known as hostage square a more
muted rally where family members of the
captives held in Gaza have been
protesting for 22 weeks and were now
joined by thousands in
solidarity after weeks of shuttle
diplomacy mediated by the US CA in Egypt
talks in Cairo came to a standstill on
Friday with both Hamas and Israel
holding each other responsible for not
reaching a deal both sides are refusing
to concede Hamas is calling for an end
to the War a withdrawal of Israeli
soldiers from Gaza and allowing the
return of displaced Palestinians to
their homes in the north they're also
seeking the desperately needed Aid to be
allowed into Gaza prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu says he will not
finish a war until he's defeated Hamas
and returned all of the captives it's
not just diplomatic sticking points but
also in domestic politics thousands of
protesters here in Tel Aviv say that
Netanyahu is not listening to their
demands right behind me they're actually
blocking a highway they're blocking
traffic from coming through they blame
Netanyahu for the war on Gaza and also
say that he is responsible for the
well-being of the captives being held
there what's clear is that as protesters
say the demands are not being heard they
are becoming increasingly
confrontational Lura Khan Al jazer Tel
Aviv