it's not certain but we have reason to
believe he is holding on to Hope
speaking to the Jerusalem Press Club
Sunday Jonathan Zan says he spent the
last 23 days since his mother
disappeared working every lead he can to
find out if she's still alive in Arabic
it's maafi enough Israeli Canadian
Vivian silver is a piece activist she
had Palestinian contacts her family
won't say who they've spoken to or what
they've been told but they're trying to
stay
optimistic that as the Israeli military
hits Gaza exactly where silver would
likely be held Zan says he'd rather see
diplomacy now I'm afraid than military
action bringing them home should be uh
the first priority well the Israeli
government spent the weekend trying to
reassure families of the hostages there
were multiple meetings Sunday it was the
defense minister meeting with families
Saturday it was the Prime
Minister Benjamin nety who told the
families the goal of the operation is
still to free the hostages but insist to
do that the key is to put as much
pressure on Hamas as possible now some
families protested Sunday arguing
hitting Hamas while hoping to get the
hostages back is the wrong strategy I I
truly afraid that these two goals is
like um in conflict with each other I
ask the authorities here and all the
International Community to to keep
pushing they are now Zan has been in
contact with Canadian officials and told
they're working their contacts there is
also another Canadian believed to be
held hostage Judy Weinstein I don't know
how much power Canada has but uh it
seems like they're very much invested in
doing everything they can we are
organizing Zan says before October 7th
his mother pushed for peace and the
woman he knew would be pushing the same
thing today but he says it's possible
she's changed he says he's nervous about
the trauma she's been through and what
it might mean to come back to her house
burned and so many members of her
community killed
Farah Mike Armstrong in Jerusalem thank
you Mike