now the Israel Hamas War has now entered
day nine the deadly War has now claimed
thousands of Life Israeli forces have
strategically posted all their tanks and
armored personal carriers and Frontline
troops near the Gaza Strip India today
in fact has been reporting from the
epicenter of the war watch this ground
story air
raes deadly air
strikes debris and damaged
buildings as the war between Hamas and
Israel entered its Eighth Day it has
tragically claimed hundreds of
lives in Tel Aviv Air Raid Sirens echoed
through the city late at night the Iron
Dome defense system was activated
residents were directed to move to bomb
shelters suddenly you notice uh the iron
doome system has been activated which
means a missile was attempting to
Target Tel Aviv the alarm has sounded
asking people to rush to the bomb
shelter of the hotel and that's exactly
what I intend to
do Israeli forces have strategically
positioned tanks armored personnel
carriers and Frontline troops near the
Gaza
Strip the aim is to strike from multiple
points and take control of Gaza Strip to
decimate
Hamas there are multiple lines of
defenses that have been set in place and
there are multiple lines of offense that
have also been kept in place the Israeli
Army we told is likely to move forward
on multiple flanks at the same time
their aim is to ensure that those Hamas
strongholds that haven't been
neutralized just as yet from the air
attacks and the artillery strikes will
be neutralized by these very powerful
marava
tanks following the most severe
terrorist attack in Israel's history
Memorial prayer ceremonies were
conducted to honor the victims of the
Hamas terrorist
attack gency First Responders have
tirelessly worked around the clock for
the past week initially rescuing lives
from terrorists and now mitigating the
impact of Rocket
attacks one week after the worst terror
attack on Israel a quiet prayer ceremony
here at the First Responders office in
sedot southern Israel this part of
Israel was perhaps the worst impact
by Hamas Terror on last
Saturday with no immediate end in sight
to the conflict the region remains in
turmoil yearning for a resolution and
enduring peace with gorov saan Bureau
report India today