[Music]
s
[Music]
[Music]
I
[Music]
juste
[Music]
[Music]
he
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
foreign
[Music]
fore
[Music]
spee s sh when you
[Music]
go
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
yeah
[Music]
[Music]
fore
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
f
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
morning
[Music]
[Music]
in Afghanistan the UN office for the
coordination of humanitarian Affairs
tells us that aftershocks continue 3
days after the earthquake which struck
herath Province and affected more than
12,000 people the District of zindan is
the worst affected area with more than
1,300 people killed and nearly 500
people still reported missing according
to community level assessments the
latest un satellite imagery also
indicates extreme levels of Destruction
in the district of inel we along with
our partners are on the ground and
providing
assistance
the world food program distributed high
energy biscuits to more than 450
households in zindaan District and
dispatched 75 tons of food to zindan and
gulan districts Health Partners are
providing emergency trauma care in
harath Regional Hospital which is the
main referral hospital as well as
Primary Health Care and mental health
support in affected Villages the UN
Refugee agency has responded with an
initial delivery of 250 tents and 1,19
blankets to families some 1,50 core
relief items will be distributed to
households who have lost everything
including kitchen sets and basic hygiene
items get any notices of other countries
wanting to step well there there's the
International Organization for migration
has also delivered emergency shelter
tents non-f food items and repair tool
kits and water trucks UNICEF has
distributed hygiene kits and soaps and
is providing water Trucking unfp has
also provided dignity kits and mother
and baby kits to affected communities
and has also providing specialized
counseling our humanitarian colleagues
warned that children are particularly
vulnerable and have SE suffered severe
psychological distress from the
earthquake they require mental health
and psychosocial support