this Tuesday Israelis are threatening to
vote Benyamin netanyahu's right-wing
government out of office Center left
Zionist Union candidate Isaac Herzog
hopes to deny the leud Prime Minister a
fourth term at least one poll just days
ago suggested that seven out of 10
Israelis want change Herzog labor is
running with hatu liberal former Justice
Minister Zippy livney if their campaign
wins out they've agreed to be Premier
for 2 years each but convincing a
majority of Voters is no guarantee in
Israel you win if you put a government
Coalition together to control at least
61 seats in the 120 seat nesset
Parliament netanyahu's campaign like his
tenure has all but ignored what most
concerns Israelis social and economic
matters while he's been talking
repeatedly about security and Iran
property prices have soared 55% from
2008 to 2013 leaving much of the middle
class miserable people in Israel of
course they're concerned about their
security but they're also concerned
about the fact that they can't buy a
house or they can't rent a house or they
can't help their children like they
could um generation ago entay laid
self-styled middleclass champion who was
sacked as Finance Minister in
netanyahu's government the leader of the
secular Centrist yesd party which came
second in the 2013 elections hadn't
managed to bring housing prices down
lapid is still popular though and could
give Zionist Union powerful
backup another potential King maker is
mosha Kalan the former lud
Communications and Welfare Minister who
left to form his own kulanu party with
an economic egalitarian ideology
Israel's traditional right block and
left block must deal with the
medium-sized parties and small factions
to grab for that prize Coalition
Netanyahu could still pull it off since
there are more seats on the right and
extreme right than on the left Herzog
casting his net wide has promised he
will be a prime minister to everyone
including right left Center periphery
settlers Rel religious Jews Drews and
Arabs