hasbullah Chief Hassan nasar Allah has
issued fresh warning of retaliation
against Israel after the killing of
Hamas deputy chief Sal Al aruri in beut
he says Lebanon would be exposed to more
Israeli operations if his militant group
does not
respond I say this will not pass without
a response nor without a punishment we
will not use the term in the right time
and location the decision my brothers
and sisters is in the field where we
will be respond in therefore our
reaction will surely come we cannot stay
silent on a violation at this level of
danger because this would mean all of
Lebanon will be exposed all of the
city's Villages figures will be
exposed Hamas leader Al aruri was killed
in a drone strike on Southern suburb of
Beirut on Tuesday Hezbollah and Hamas
blamed Israel for his death but Israel
has not claimed responsibility nasar Al
also added that the fighting in Gaza
could present a quote unquote historic
opportunity for Lebanon to restore its
control over territory that was occupied
by Israel during the
1967 Arab Israeli
War what is this new opportunity it is
the opportunity to be able in God's will
after this phase and the end of
agression in Gaza for Lebanon to be able
to liberate the rest of its lands
starting with the b1. nakura reaching
gajar Sheba and the hills of kashba we
now have a historic opportunity to
entirely liberate every inch of Lebanese
land shortly after hamas's October 7th
attack hasbullah started firing Rockets
towards Israel tensions have been
escalating since then on the Israel
Lebanon border while at a lower
intensity than the battle in Gaza the
parallel fighting has caused destruction
displacement and deaths on both sides
and has raised fears of a wider Regional
War nasar allaha says hasbullah had
carried out some 600 70 operations on
the Lebanese Israeli border since then
destroying a large number of Israeli
military vehicles and tanks Israel army
says troops have heightened their
Readiness for a war across its northern
border with
Lebanon Theon is now available in your
country download the app now get all the
news on the move