the killing of these relief group
members of the world Central Kitchen has
starkly highlighted the food Charity's
often dangerous work around the globe
and today I will tell you about the
nonprofit group that has been feeding
people during conflicts around the globe
the world Central Kitchen also known as
wck is the United States based nonprofit
group it was founded in 2010 by Spanish
American Michelin star shf Jose andreis
and his wife Patricia Fernandez DEA Cruz
well wck is funded mainly through
contributions and
grants now the couple started the NGO
after Andre visited Haiti following the
2010 earthquake that killed more than
250,000 250,000 people and left more
than a million homeless now for 14 years
they have focused on feeding people
during crisis around the world and also
conflicts and major disasters across the
globe often as First
Responders now they provide food while
working primarily with local chefs as
well as build Food Systems by training
cooks and supporting Farmers the relief
group says it has served over 350
million meals since beginning operations
wck has provided disaster relief around
the world including in the America Eur
Europe Asia and Australia let's tell you
more about this in Puerto Rico they
began Distributing food in the wake of
270s hurricane Maria perhaps its most
prominent deployment was to Ukraine in
2022 where the group has served more
than 250 million meals since Russia's
Invasion began in 2022 moving on in 2023
they were operating within hours of a
6.8 magnitude earthquake that struck Mor
ultimately supplying 2.1 million meals
in 2023 in Morocco while this year wck
has responded to earthquake in Japan
that killed more than 200 people in
January as well as to the wildfires in
Chile in February and the group was also
working in southern gaza's Rafa where
some 1.5 million people are displaced
and they're currently Sheltering there
but the question being that has it Rel
group being attacked before it has
happened it has happened last year that
is on June 2nd a wck volunteer
identified as aor was killed in the
northeastern Ukrainian city of K in a
Russian missile attack the Charities
said that its volunteer chefs were also
killed in July
2022 uh in Russian strikes on KH
[Music]
Keef