[Music]
the moment RAF typhoons took off from
Cyprus to attack hooti Targets in Yemen
since November 19th there have been 26
attacks on ships in the Red Sea which
the British government says is
unacceptable the crisis in the Middle
East has topped David Cameron's agenda
as foreign secretary on Sky News he said
the instability in the region was a
flashing red light on the global
dashboard we have sent the clearest
possible message to the houthis that
their behavior is unacceptable and we've
demonstrated that we're prepared to
follow words and warnings with action
and that is incredibly important that
they understand that if you don't act
against the houthis in the Red Sea
you're going to see more attacks but
more air strikes on Yemen could put the
UK at risk of a terror attack a former
spy Chief told Sky News I mean if you're
talking about
sympathetic radical ISM and the events
in the Middle East now
motivating let's say domestic terrorism
well there's a risk there if you're
looking at the houthi specifically do
they have an infrastructure in the UK
you know which could be a sort of
conspiratorial organization to mount
terrorist attack
unlikely very unlikely in my view but
Lan wolf inspired event yeah I mean it
must to an extent heighten
that so kiss dama who is attending a
Jewish labor movement conference backed
the attacks on the hoties the labor
party supports that action uh that's
been taken whether there'll be further
action remains to be seen um and we will
judge each operation on its merits I
would expect to be briefed um a cobra
briefing I'd expect Parliament to be
part of the process but we're going to
have to uh take each of these situations
as they evolve the Prime Minister can
count on Broad cross-party support when
he makes his common statement but he's
likely to face questions from MPS
anxious about a prolonged conflict and
the longer term plan for Middle East
peace while Lord Cameron denied the air
strikes would escalate the Middle East
conflict that's disputed by critics of
the British and Us action John Craig Sky
News