Hamas released a new video on Monday
which appears to show three elderly
Israeli hostages pleading for their
release the man in the middle identified
himself as 79-year-old Kim Perry and
said he was being held with other
elderly hostages with chronic illnesses
in harsh
conditions the Israeli military
Condemned hamas's video calling it quote
a criminal Terror video that shows
hamas's cruelty towards innocent
very elderly civilians who are in need
of medical care this one another hostage
scene in the video is 80-year-old yam
Mesa his daughter-in-law Ayala said the
video brought the family mixed feelings
it wasn't joy for for a moment to see
them alive to see them H okay sitting
talking they're the same people I know
but they lost weight and they seem to be
a weak Ayala along with other family
members of Israeli hostages were
protesting the Israel's defense Ministry
in Tel Aviv where officials met us
defense secretary Lloyd Austin Noam
Perry daughter of he Perry thanked the
US government for its commitment to
stand with Israel but said there needs
to be more pressure on Hamas I want to
ask them to continue and be committed
with us uh until my father and until all
others are released and we know we need
the pressure and we need the
International Community to say outl that
this is not okay this is not okay that
an 80-year-old man like my father is
kept in tunnels in Gaza we need the
whole world to say it
clearly Hamas carried out a killing
spree in Israeli communities on October
7th taking hundreds of people hostage
dozens of them were released during a
brief Seas fight in late November in
exchange for 240 Palestinian women and
teenagers from Israeli jails on Monday
gaza's Health Ministry which is run by
Hamas said more than 19,400 people had
been killed in Israel's military
response to the October 7th
attacks