May Jordan Turkey West
Bank
hi tubus or tunia
J
[Applause]
sh
West
Bank
West
West is
consul
isul Jonathan at this time the fact
remains that hundreds of civilians have
lost their life in Palestine in Israel
of course too also many are held
hostages and US President Joe Biden is
set to arrive in Israel anytime but the
Aman Summit has got cancelled the
Palestinian Authority president mmud
Abbas does not want to meet but this
could have been a moment of a ceasefire
or at least some sort of a resolution
could have been brought in at least for
a temporary basis so that death toll
does not increase but now it looks like
that option is also out
yeah I don't think a ceasefire was in
the cards because we are moving ahead
and we are very committed and determined
to complete our military goals to
completely dismantle Hamas from a
military point of view and to make sure
that the atrocities that descended upon
Israel on the on October the 7th killing
more than 1,000 Israeli civilians and
300 soldiers never occur again U and
also I do have a question here because
this time it's this specific attack on
on the hospital has been about claims
and counter claims and right now you are
saying that there is radar footage and
there is evidence that this was not
Israel but why would you say that Hamas
or Islamic Jihad as you are mentioning
would fire a rocket that uh that hit a
hospital too because how does that that
help Hamas their own civilians are also
dying at this
point yes that's why we said that it was
a misfire the rocket was intended to hit
our civilians it was intended to strike
into Israel but there was a malfunction
of the rocket and it exploded shortly
after taking off it was fired from close
to the location of the hospital it was
fired went up in the air and this can be
seen on Al jazer footage not Israeli
footage Al jazer were kind enough to
show it to the world it exploded in
midair and then landed on the ground and
caused a big explosion it wasn't
intentional by the Palestinians it
was