former US president Donald Trump has
again said that Israel was part of the
plan to kill Iran's top Commander gim
sumani back in early 2020 the head of
Iran's Elite Goods Force Asam sumani was
killed in a US drone strike in Iraq the
killing of Suman seemed like the height
of cooperation between the United States
and Israel but it actually became a
major point of tension between the two
allies in a recent interview the former
US president said quote when we took out
solmani you know Israel was supposed to
do it with us but 2 days before the
takeout they said we can't do it former
president Trump also added that Israel
was a part of it saying that Netanyahu
was a big part of it and we had
everything planned Trump had earlier
reiterated the same and according to a
2021 report Trump said that he had
expected Israel and Netanyahu to be more
active in the operation to kill sumani
hitting hinting that is that he will
reveal the full story in the New York
near future when Iran's top Commander
was killed Israel's prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu had praised Donald
Trump for the
strike just as Israel has the right of
self-defense the United States is
exactly the same right kasum sumani is
responsible for the death of American
citizens and many other innocent people
he was planning more such attacks
president Trump deserves all the credit
for acting swiftly forcefully the
decisively Israel stands with the United
States in its just struggle for peace
security and
self-defense in January this year a dual
Islamic State suicide bombing killed 95
people and wounded dozens of others who
were attending a commemoration for
sumani in the Iranian city of Kerman the
former president also reiterated that
attacks by Iranian militias on US forces
that killed three troops in Jordan would
have never happened under his watch
Trump says the actions taken under his
administration led tan to inform
Washington before any attack to avoid
major
[Music]
escalations