we are now says Israel's prime minister
in the second stage of what he says will
be a long War the focus now on Northern
Gaza which the IDF calls the center of
gravity for Hamas and we are getting
some sense of what Israeli ground forces
are doing there so far we're seeing them
in three mainor areas these areas in
pink are where the institute for the
study of War has confirmed Israeli
clearing operations and here are all the
locations that Sky News has
independently verified images of Israeli
forces
most prominently here on the
Northwestern edge of the strip near the
sea over the weekend the IDF released
these images of Tanks making their way
through the Border fence between Israel
and Northern Gaza and across Sandy
terrain the IDF saying that combined
combat teams of armored engineering and
infantry forces are all operating there
another area in the north which is
seeing increased activity is the city of
bate hanon it's already been devastated
by air strikes but now the IDF has
released footage of troops and tanks
moving through the ruins also in the
North near the era's crossing hamers has
released footage of purported strikes on
Israeli military
vehicles troops aren't just in the north
this is the Salah Aline Road one of the
key routes connecting North Gaza with
the south of the strip and it is down
this road that hundreds of thousands of
civilians have traveled in the hope they
can escape the fighting on Monday we saw
this footage of an Israeli tank shooting
at a car along this road Sky News has
located that video to this point south
of Gaza City near this area of apparent
IDF ground incursion there have been
reports that that road now is
effectively blocked off which will make
it even harder for civilians to flee the
ground activity so far seems mainly
contained to the north but we can expect
IDF troops to push tentatively further
south and into Gaza City with massive
artillery and air support along the way
and all the time of course you have this
constant bombardment from the air the
latest strike at the jabalia refugee
camp with its heavy death toll