in an exclusive conversation with India
today's Rahul caval external affairs
minister SJ Shankar had earlier spoken
about India's stand on escalating
tensions between Israel and Iran and the
Middle East listen
in intervening Saturday night Sunday
morning uh Iran fired 300 projectiles on
Israel including drones and missiles as
India's external affairs minister how
are you looking at this escalation of
tensions in the Middle East
you know uh look it's obviously a matter
of uh deep concern uh because uh it
represents an escalation in the
situation uh and uh that is something uh
which obviously uh is worries all of us
because everybody the entire world has
stakes in that region we have particular
Stakes uh uh in the region uh the
spokesperson today has issued a
statement uh on that uh but we would
certainly uh hope you know because we
are also seeing some more reports coming
out of some events today in Lebanon
which are taking place right now so I I
think we have for some time now uh been
uh concerned about uh uh you know the
conflict uh uh which uh started with the
October 7 terrorist attack on Israel uh
escalating into other dimensions and uh
other zones so it is a deep L woring
development but therefore I think uh
look we have today in the world uh a
spreading conflict in the Middle East in
West Asia we have again a very uh uh
impactful conflict going on in Ukraine
whose repercussions are on Beyond we
have a lot of tension in Asia in the
Indo Pacific uh so I think it's
important today that the country has a
strong government it you know there is a
strong leader with a strong majority who
can actually navigate India through what
are clearly very stormy uh weather which
we can see ahead