it's therefore tomorrow the government
press office will screen for foreign
media gruesome and as yet unseen footage
of the barbarities perpetrated against
our people on October fortunately and I
can't believe I'm saying this and I
can't believe that we as a country are
having to do this seeing a holocaust
denial likee phenomenon evolving in real
time
how
you hey up
look
[Music]
put
uh since the October 7th Massacre the
IDF has been collecting footage from
body camps taken by the Hamas death
squads as they Rampage through the
communities in southern Israel
butchering everyone in
sight let
kill
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
now I'm un fortunately and I can't
believe I'm saying this and I can't
believe that we as a country are having
to do this as we work to defeat the
terror organization that brutalized our
people we are witnessing a holocaust
denial likee phenomenon evolving in real
time as people are casting doubt on the
magnitude of the atrocities that Hamas
committed against our people and in fact
recorded in order to glorify that
[Music]
violence
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
therefore tomorrow the government press
office will screen for foreign media
gruesome and as yet unseen footage of
the barbarities perpetrated against our
people on October 7th this is footage
that has not been made public it will
screen a compilation of raw and unedited
footage from the October 7th Massacre
for journalists who can stomach the
horrific truth and want to report on
what they saw that will take place
tomorrow Monday October 23rd north of
Tel Aviv at 11:30 Israel
time
[Music]
it's Al-Qaeda material official Al-Qaeda
material we're dealing with Isis
Al-Qaeda and Hamas this is what we're
dealing with and in the in and in this
material there were instructions how how
to produce chemical weapons this is it
speaks
about Aron and it speaks about various
chemicals that come out and produce
chemical weapons simple as
that
[Music]