over the last few days Israel's
staunchest Ally the United States has
been voicing its concern over the war
against Hamas it has dispatched advisors
Urban Warfare experts as well as
sophisticated air defense systems to
Israel this has triggered reports saying
that the US had urged Israel to delay
its ground offensive into Gaza to secure
its interests President Biden says that
the US made no such demand merely a
suggestion take a
listen
what I have indicated to him is that if
that's possible to get these folks out
safely that's what he should do it's
their decision but I did not demand it I
pointed out to him if it's real it
should be
done on the ground however the US has
significantly increased its military
presence in the Middle East the Pentagon
is sending its Patriot missile defense
systems while also repositioning its
Eisenhower strike group the US says its
buildup is aimed at preventing a wider
Regional War its Navy will have a
carrier strike group off the shore of
Israel the Ford carrier strike group and
the Eisenhower strike group the moves
are also seen as the US preparing Israel
for a potential ground Invasion into
Gaza the fresh us deployment comes in
the wake of increased attacks on US Army
base camps in Iraq and Syria since the
beginning of the Israeli Hamas War 24
Americans have been injured in these
attacks pentagon says between October
17th and 24th Americans and Allied
Forces in Iraq and Syria have been
targeted at least 13 times with drones
and Rockets the Biden Administration is
also preparing for the possibility of
evacuating hundreds of thousands of
American citizens from the Middle East
according to the US state department
estimates there were about 600,000 US
citizens in Israel and another 86,000
were believed to be in Lebanon when
Hamas attacked
[Music]