tears of joy for a head to Mimi she
returned home to a hero's welcome in her
village in the West Bank it followed
eight months spent in an Israeli prison
I say resistance is continuing until the
occupation is removed all the female
prisoners in jail are strong and I thank
everyone who stood by me while I was in
prison and who stood with all women
prisoners Tamimi was jailed in March for
kicking and slapping an Israeli soldier
outside her home she was 16 at the time
of the incident in December and the
video of it went viral after it was
broadcast live on Facebook by Tamizh
mother in a televised press conference
after her release
- Mimi talked about learning from her
time in jail prison told me how to be
patient and how to be in a team I
managed to empower myself yes there are
negative things in prison like pressure
but I managed to overcome these
difficulties and I always say what
doesn't kill you may see you stronger
her news conference - Mimi visited
former Palestinian leader Yasser
Arafat's more cilium in Ramallah her
case has put a spotlight on the
detention of Palestinian miners about
300 are being held in Israeli prisons
according to Palestinian figures well we
have to understand that we're dealing
with a court of occupation
and the real reason of the court of
occupation is to perpetuate occupation
and it's not really a court of justice
so we can understand now that iets trial
was based more in political reasons that
rather than in legal issues but some in
Israel see the seventeen-year-old as a
threat okay so I think Israel is too
merciful with these types of terrorists
and others Israel should treat those who
hated soldiers harshly we can't have a
situation where there's no deterrence
lack of deterrence leads to the reality
we see now Tamizh face is now painted on
Israel separation wall in the West Bank
there's little doubt that she's become
the young face of the Palestinian
struggle but she will now go home her
future is unlikely to be quiet been said
TRT world
[Music]