let's also enough get you some updates
from the wone Gaza Strip Hamas is
demanded for a clear written commitment
that Israel will withdraw from the
territory of Gaza Egyptian officials
have informed that Hamas is seeking this
commitment during the second of its
three-phase Ceasar deal the Palestinian
militant faction has said that it has
submitted its response to a six- we
Ceasar proposal to the Egyptian and the
K mediators Hamas has said that it is
still committed to its demands for a
permanent ceas far and the complete
withdrawal of the Israeli troops from
all parts of Gaza and the increase of
eight flow into the water on onclave now
Egypt says that it will review hamas's
response before calling for another
round of talks after more than 6 months
of the ongoing bombing of the Gaza Strip
that has resulted in over
33,000 deaths of the Palestinians the
displaced Palestinians are now
attempting to go back to the Northern
parts of the Gaza Strip the thousands of
were seen walking by the Sea Coast on
the vadi Gaza in the nerat camp area
that separates the north from the south
in the hope of being allowed to cross
back into their ancestral
homes we are happy as if today is a
feast as if today is a feast my son I
swear to God we are drained we want to
go back check on our homes and see our
children and relatives I hope you will
be okay let let us try to use the time
it's being said that girls women and
children will be allowed back God
willing we will return to our homes
safely so as the rdf continues with its
operations against Hamas the Israeli
military has said that combat engineers
have also built Bridges and tanks to
cross the vadi Gaza River two Bridges
were used by the troops to carry out an
offensive against several of the sides
that it claims belonged to Hamas the
Palestinian Health min his has informed
that the Israeli strikes have claimed
the lives of 52 and wounded over 100
Palestinians in just the last 24 hours
and according to the Gaza Health
officials the Palestinian death role is
now close to
34,000 for all the latest news download
the Von app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel