over 200 trucks filled with desperately
needed food medicine and water purifiers
are on standby on the Egypt Gaza border
they're waiting for the go-aheads to
deliver 3,000 tons of Aid to Gaza via
the only route not controlled by Israel
these trucks are not just trucks so they
are a
Lifeline they are the difference between
life and death for so many people in
Gaza a shipments are pouring in at
Egypt's al-arish Airport from Jordan
Turkey and the United Arab Emirates two
to three planes a day charted by
humanitarian organizations or
governments but for now the deal
negotiated by President Biden with
Israel and Egypt allows just 20 un
monitored trucks into Gaza via the Rafa
border crossing the World Health
Organization said 2,000 trucks were
needed many residents are down to one
meal a day and drinking non-purified
water and shortages have been
exacerbated by the displacement of a
million Palestinians to the south of the
enclave and by Israel's ongoing
bombardment any further escalation or
even continuation of military activities
will just be catastrophic for the people
of Gaza Aid officials have urged Israel
to add fuel to the supplies allowed to
enter to keep the remaining hospitals
running Israel wants assurances that
fuel won't be stolen by Hamas an
unrealistic demand according to the wh
there are absolutely no guarantees in
humanitarian situation that you can
completely avoid any diversion of aid
aid diversion is a is is a fact it
happens uh we do everything in our power
to ensure that that doesn't happen
gaza's overwhelmed hospitals are
rationing their dwindling supplies using
vinegar to treat infected wounds and at
night having to perform surgeries by the
light of mobile phones as Israeli air
strikes continue the arrival of the
first Convoy is more urgent than ever