as the conflict shows no signs of ending
in the Middle East the world is
absolutely shocked following the
discovery of the mass graves in Gaza
according to the authorities 283 bodies
have been found at Nasa hospital and 30
bodies discovered at Al shifa hospital
as well what will happen now with shifa
gone uh I think as Rick said many will
not be able to access services like what
they getting in
shifa uh but not only that um people uh
who need uh medical evacuation will will
increase uh and medical evacuation is
already slow but but um I think the
number of people who need will will will
increase of course and with a slow
evacuation meaning I think you can guess
uh people will die in the United States
Pro Palestine protest have erupted in a
number of universities like Yale
Colombia and other campuses in response
to the latest escalation of the Israeli
Palestinian conflict Colombia University
has also cancelled in-person classes
while denouncing anti-semitic language
protecting First Amendment rights is
absolutely crucial it is Central uh to
what we do and to who we are and so
we're always going to uh protect
People's First mment rights but to the
extent you have criminal conduct that's
going that's not protected by the First
Amendment we're going to take action and
our officers are very clear about that
several arrests have been made in Yale
University we want Emerson College
number one call for an immediate
ceasefire in Gaza number two to disclose
all financial investments in Zionist
organizations number three to divest
from those organizations number four to
drop all charges against students for
disciplinary actions up the space for a
discussion of Palestine the discussion
of the genocide in in Palestine in Gaza
um and allow the student to expresss
freedom of speech academic freedom
meanwhile some people in Israel are
calling for prime minister Benjamin NYU
to step down and they're calling for a
new election to replace the government
Nel has faced widespread criticism over
the security failure of the Hamas attack
on Southern Israel where 1,200 people
were killed and 250 taken Hostage to
Gaza KY kumalo Sac news Johannesburg