Israel has pulled it ground troops from
Southern Gaza the IDF says the war will
continue after a break while Iran warned
Israel that its embassies are not safe
after the deadly strike on Damascus last
week eing
dmore the Israeli military has withdrawn
its troops from Southern Gaza citing
tactical reason the withdrawal of the
troops comes after 4 months of fighting
con Yunis and coincides with the new SE
fire talks as Hamas and Israeli
delegations traveled to Egypt according
to Israel's defense Chief yab Gallant
troops have withdrawn from the region
and are awaiting word of their next
mission Israeli military officials also
stress that the latest move has nothing
to do with a US request who have been
calling on Israel to change its approach
to the prolonged conflict in Gaza due to
the high number of Civilian
casualties they also said that the war
in Gaza would continue in a different
way
while Washington said it appears that
Israel is seeking the rest and
reorganization of its troops in southern
Gaza while the recent move signals
positive momentum for ceasefire talks
tensions continue to flare between Iran
and Israel speaking at a memorial
ceremony in tran on Sunday for the
Iranian revolutionary guard generals who
were killed in the apparent Israeli air
strike on an Iranian Consulate in
Damascus last week a military adviser to
Iran supreme leader vowed retaliation
warning that no Israeli Embassy is safe
from
Iran however Israeli Prime Minister
Benyamin Netanyahu said Israel was
prepared for any response from Iran
while the Israel Defense Forces Chief
hery Hali said that the Israeli military
knows how to deal with Iran both
offensively and
defensively meanwhile tens of thousands
of people continued to gather in Israel
over the weekend demanding the Speedy
Return of the hostages taken by Hamas
last October and for netanyahu's
resignation news