comp is
Beach
isra is Ace
strike World Central Kitchen
SK
Australia
Poland
CE
Chief
OFA we are sorry for the unintentional
harm to the members of
wck we share in the grief of their
families as well as the entire world
Central Kitchen organization from the
bottom of our
hearts an independent body will
investigate the incident thoroughly we
will complete it in the next coming days
we will learn from the conclusions and
Implement them
immediately we will share in full
transparency the findings of the
investigation with the world Central
Kitchen and other International relevant
organization we see great importance in
the continued delivery of humanitarian
Aid and we will keep working to
facilitate this vital
effort
benjam
Jo
White House Karen Jean John Kess
conference the president who uh the
president's call he called Chef Jose
Andres to express that he's heartbroken
by his by this news of the air strike
that killed seven Aid workers and to
express and share his deepest
condolences we were outraged to learn of
an IDF strike that killed a number of
Civilian humanitarian workers yesterday
from the world Central Kitchen which has
been Relentless in working to get food
to those who are hungry in Gaza and
quite frankly around the world we send
our deepest condolences to their
families and loved ones we've seen the
comments from prime minister Netanyahu
and from the Israeli Defense Forces uh
about their commitment to conduct an
investigation as we understanded a
preliminary investigation has been
completed today and presented to the
Army chief of staff and we'll we'll
obvious look to see what they what they
discover in this preliminary one but we
expect the broader investigation to be
conducted and to be done so in a Swift
and comprehensive manner we hope that
those findings will be made public and
that there is appropriate accountability
held
[Music]
spee