in Gaza a new hit in the deepening
humanitarian crisis the number of Aid
trucks entering the war torn Gaza Strip
has now decreased over the past few
weeks with a delivery of food and Aid to
the north almost completely stopped as
according to the United Nations and the
Israeli government our Marcus Moore has
the
latest tonight deepening desperation
inside Gaza as the world food program
pauses vital food deliveries to the
North after hungry crowds rushed a
trucks their decision follow follow s
what they call quote complete chaos and
violence due to the collapse of civil
order when several trucks were looted
and a driver was
beaten it's a testimony to to how
desperate people are that they were
literally running into machine gun fire
to collect a box of food or a bag of
wheat flour that's the level of Des of
desperation for weeks Northern Gaza has
been nearly cut off from Aid one un
organization saying it hasn't been able
to deliver food there for nearly a month
hundreds of trucks sit idle at the
border UNICEF now saying almost 16% of
all children under two in Northern Gaza
are acutely malnourished as the UN warns
all of Gaza is on the brink of famine
the amount of Aid delivered since the
start of the war dropping
80% many seen struggling to find clean
water others carrying the only food they
can get their hands on sacks of flour
from a distribution center and children
lining up for a meal holding empty
plates and
this man says we're dying of hunger
either stop the war or bury us in one
hole it comes as heavy fighting
continues in Gaza and just today New
Hope for the remaining hostages a member
of Israel's cabinet says there are signs
of a possible deal with
Hamas hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more vide show highlights and watch
live event coverage click on the right
over here to subscribe to our Channel
and don't forget to download the ABC
News app for breaking news alerts thanks
for
watching