well to discuss this further we're
joined Now by sham Akbar Zade professor
of Middle East politics at the Deacon
University he's in Melbourne Australia
thank you very much for joining us on
the newsour how much real hope is there
that a SE Spire can realistically be
reached at this
stage well thanks for having me as we
heard uh there are very serious red
lines that Israel is not going to accept
um is is is not going to accept the
ceasefire without the release of the
hostages Israel is not going to release
its own Palestinian prisoners um or
withdraw completely from from Gaza Strip
so uh there are red lines for Israel red
lines for Hamas which means that it's
very difficult to be optimistic about
prospects of um a SE
fire but if nothing else talking has to
to be a positive sign
surely it definitely is positive that
there are talks being held in Cairo but
I think they are so far apart from each
other uh that it's difficult to see how
the this um Gap can be bridged well
presumably for that Gap to be bridged
either side is going to have to give
some ground in these discussions so
where is that going to come
from
like I said I can't really see how
anyone can um give up on their um
demands Hamas is not going to uh give up
on his demand of a um complete Israeli
withdrawal from Gaza Strip um that is
that has been a central demand of of
Hamas they don't want to look weak same
with netan he doesn't want to look weak
he is beholding to the right wing and he
is beholding to that kind of right being
elements in his government that want an
attack on Rafa they want an elimination
of Hamas and none of that Ms well for a
ceasefire but how credible can we take
Israel's position in these negotiations
if they are still intent on going on a
ground assault in Rafa
perhaps well as we heard I think Israel
is preparing for a grand assault on uh
Rafa camp
and um their participation in
negotiation talks could simply be a way
of uh um pacifying um International
demands and pressure by the United
States that Israel should do something
about the um the incredible humanitarian
disaster that's happening in
Gaza okay sharam Akbar Zade professor of
Middle East politics at the Deacon
University thank you very much for your
Insight thank thanks for having me