an appeals court in the Netherlands has
ordered the government to stop F35 Parts
deliveries to Israel the ruling takes
effect within the next 7 days and for
more on this story we can go across to
Fernand vet standing by at the hag
Fernand uh what exactly is this ruling
and will it have an
[Applause]
[Music]
impact so there was an audible G danana
in the court as this verdict came
through this court saying that the
Netherlands needs to rec consider its
export license for those F-35 CS to
Israel because there is a serious risk
of violations to International
humanitarian law and thus uh this is how
the minister should Rule now this is
centered around the small town of VRE in
braband here which is where the F35
Regional Warehouse is which is where all
European partners of the F35 program and
Israel are supplied with their F-35
spare parts now the minister had argued
that she had re looked at this General
export license which was given in 2016
after October 7th but in light of
Israel's right to self-defense and
political considerations such as the um
Dutch relationship with the United
States and Israel had decided to
continue exporting those parts the
judges here now said that that was the
wrong decision they say it is clear that
there are violations to International
humanitarian law taking place in Gaza
due to the large number of Civilian
casualties there including children and
that within 7 days all export of parts
to the F-35 jet to Israel must stop now
I spoke to Elis zel she's the lawyer for
Oxfam no one of the three NOS that
brought this case and she says this will
not change so much on the ground in Gaza
there will be parts coming for these
planes from other part countries however
she hopes that it will have a knock on
effect this is now the first country
which has been forced to end weapons
exports to Israel and she hopes that
other countries will follow suit