now in a series of speeches to foreign
legislatures ukraine's president
vladimir zelinsky has now addressed
israeli lawmakers and during the address
ukraine's jewish president called on
israel to scrap neutrality and take a
stronger stand against russia zelinski
stressed that it was time for israel to
finally take sides at several points
zerensky's emotional appeal compared
russia's invasion of his country to the
actions of nazi germany comparing
russian aggression to the holocaust
zelinski said that ukraine made the
choice to save jews 80 years ago and now
it's time for israel to make its choice
remember israel was founded in 1948 as a
refugee for jews in the wake of the
holocaust
the country is home to tens of thousands
of elderly survivors and many of its
leaders are children of survivorship
[Music]
ukraine and trying to legitimize the war
in ukraine putin has also sought to
paint ukraine as neo nazi zarenski has
accused russian president vladimir putin
of trying to carry out a final solution
against ukraine
zelensky also noted that a russian
missile slammed into baby yard it is the
spot of a notorious nazi massacre in
1941 that now hosts ukraine's main
holocaust memorial
zelensky has urged israel to abandon its
effort to maintain neutrality and firmly
back his country the ukrainian leader
said that israel should follow its
western allies by imposing sanctions and
providing arms to ukraine listening
since russia launched its invasion on
february 24th israeli prime minister
nathalie bennett has walked a careful
diplomatic line bennett has emerged as a
key mediator between russia and ukraine
this is partially because israel has
good relations with both sides bennett
has held regular phone calls with
zelinski and russian president vladimir
putin including a three-hour meeting
with putin at the kremlin on march 5th
now acknowledging bennett's efforts
zelinski said he was grateful however
he also implied that the efforts had
proved to be a misstep
the ukrainian leader said we can mediate
between states but not between good and
evil
now as zelinski addressed israel's
parliament ukrainians and israelis
gathered in tel aviv protesters gathered
in tel aviv said that they wanted to
show that israelis support ukraine
foreign
[Music]
you