this morning after a 7-Day hostage
release pause having failed to provide a
list of more hostages for release the
Hamas Army of Terror in the Gaza Strip
violated the terms of the agreed
framework and launched rocket fire at
Israeli communities at 5:43 a.m. Hamas
fired the first rocket from Gaza and
that rocket fire has since intensified
With Sirens blaring across Southern
Israel all morning including in
communities that are still under
mandatory evacuation orders and in those
kibuts ethnically cleansed by Hamas
during its campaign of systematic
extermination on October 7th
unfortunately Hamas decided to terminate
the pause by failing to release all the
kidnapped women as it was obligated to
do so and kidnapped children and by
resuming rocket fire the perpetrators of
the October 7th Massacre have decided to
hold on to the hostages they brutally
abducted in violation of human
humanitarian law and every Norm of
humanity having chosen to hold on to our
women Hamas will now take the mother of
all
thumpings as Hamas terminates the
hostage release pause news continues to
emerge about its serial and sadistic
abuse of Israeli hostages in captivity
both psychological torture and physical
abuse we now know from the family of
yagil and or Yakov aged 12 and 16
respectively that Hamas drugged our
children and branded them like cattle
with burns from motorcycle exhaust pipes
in order to identify them in case they
tried to escape and Mia Shem aged 21 her
family saying her hand injury was
operated on by a vet Hamas treated our
people worse than animals and we will
put Hamas
down the IDF has been sending messages
and announcements to the people of Gaza
calling on them to evacuate from
specific areas that are being used by
Hamas for terrorist activities in the
areas of what are of course legitimate
military targets that will be destroyed
in response to the October 7th Massacre
as Hamas continues to vow another
October 7th the IDF has published an
evacuation zone map in Gaza and we urge
uninvolved civilians to evacuate along
the designated routes away from the
specific areas of Hamas Terror activity
for their own safety that interactive
map can be found on the IDF website and
the details are by now familiar to the
people of the Gaza
Strip