this is Al arish airport in Egypt's
North sin where qari and Egyptian red
Cresent workers are unloading
desperately needed supplies for Gaza
today C have sent Medical Aid and food
items for our brothers in Gaza estimates
say at least two to three planes are
arriving per day with Aid contributions
stretching across the globe from
countries such as Japan Britain Tunisia
and the European Union the airport is
approximately 2 hours away from the Rafa
border crossing where the first trucks
have been slowly trickling in since
access was made possible on Saturday the
supply that came in is a is a is almost
nothing I'm I'm sorry to say this but
it's it's nothing compared to the needs
95% of the water in the G Street is is
non-drinkable even this was the case
before the war so now what we have when
we talk with the people on the ground
and we talk to them every day like
several times a day even our own staff
uh this is that they start to drink
non-drinkable water they start to drink
salty water humanitarian groups and
civilians are warning that the situation
in Gaza will escalate if Aid is not
accelerated nearly 1third of the
population was food insecure before the
current crisis now people are displaced
from their houses and hundreds of
thousands are cut off from
Essentials even 1,000 or 2,000 trucks
are not enough the situation is
catastrophic the city doesn't have food
water medicine or even electricity
nearly no life and above all constant
air strikes for 24 hours the Israelis
don't calm down or have mercy on the
people in the hospitals operating rooms
are full and supplies of anesthesia and
morphine are rapidly dwindling with one
of the biggest concerns a lack of fuel
to keep generators going which is yet to
be permitted to enter across the
border