we want to take you back now to Tel Aviv
cdv's Adrien gobrial is standing by
there for us and Adrien we were about to
speak to you when air raid sirens began
going off tell us more about what's
happening where you
are yeah we're in Tel Aviv and they just
put out a blanket alert for incoming
Rockets just moments before we were
about to go live we're up on a
pedestrian bridge right in the downtown
central area there's actually a military
base to my left that we're actually not
allowed to show you on camera at their
instructions but when the air raid siren
sounded uh we had two uh two gentlemen
from the military here checking our
press credentials to make sure we're
allowed to be here Aid siren goes they
give us a strict warning run with us run
with us ran across the bridge down into
the military base into a safe room and
there was pedestrians they were letting
in as well uh people pulled their cars
over running in for cover as well and
this is just another day here in Tel
Aviv wow and Israel is now warning over
a million people to flee Northern Gaza
setting the stage for a possible ground
Invasion what more are we
learning well we know as as you were
sharing with our viewers that civilians
have been told to go to the South that's
about 1 million people the UN is saying
that it would be a humanitarian disaster
to try and move those individuals South
but for several days now Israel's
military has been stationed near the
border with tanks at the ready Israel's
mil Israel's military saying that they
are ready to perform a ground Invasion
when the order is given or if the order
is given and so all signs look to a
potential movement of troops into the
north section of Gaza though we haven't
seen it yet we can't confirm it yet but
that uh you know all signs point to the
the heightened potential of it happening
and a further escalation of this
conflict all right cdv's Adrien gobrial
reporting for us in Tel Aviv thanks for
this
Adrien thank you