[Music]
israel's kahanist far-right lawmaker
itamar bengali says setting up his
parliamentary office in the occupied
east jerusalem is a show of support for
jewish settlers in the neighborhood but
palestinians see it as a provocation and
protested to stop him and his right-wing
followers
here to mobilize jewish settlers he is
here to make things bigger and to grab
all attention on him and his group to
save more seats in the parliament for
the next election over palestinian blood
since sunday israeli police have
arrested at least 12 people and more
than 30 palestinians have been injured
ibrahim asylum has to go past banger's
office that was erected on his family's
land to reach his home
he says his family has been living here
for 73 years but an israeli court
ordered their removal by the end of
february
the court says the family couldn't prove
ownership but he is more concerned about
what the ordeal is doing to them
our children know what's going to happen
and also we know what will happen my
six-year-old daughter always asks me
when the police will take us out i have
to act like a psychiatrist to my
children to fix problems caused by
settler attacks when my daughter sees
these attacks she sees how a settler
attacks her father her grandfather and
grandmother
israeli police used excessive force to
disperse palestinian protesters and its
leftovers are everywhere
yesterday they attacked my mother this
spread gas in her face and hit her leg
and hand when my brother went to the
area to save her israeli police arrested
him
clashes in the cheshire rock
neighborhood last year were one of the
reasons that led to a bloody 11th day
israeli bombardment of gaza palestinians
here warned that these latest protests
could explode further that could result
in a similar catastrophe over the
following months so far the seattle
world occupied in jerusalem
[Music]
you