well let's shift our Focus to what's
happening in West Asia now Joe Biden
said a deal for a ceasefire in the Gaza
Strip in exchange for the release of
Israeli hostages is now in the hands of
Hamas well that's a major flip-flop from
what he had said few days back saying
that by Monday a Seas fire deal should
be in place of course that has not
happened and now the US president stated
a ceasefire was necessary to get more
Aid into Gaza here's more on the true
stocks and Biden's flip-flops on a
potential ceasefire for hostages deal
listen in
it's in the hands
of Hamas right now the uh the Israelis
have been cooperating there's an offer
out there that's rational we don't know
what we'll know in a couple days if it's
going to happen but we need the
ceasefire US president said and I'm
quoting here we must get more Aid into
Gaza there's no excuses none the United
States Qatar and Egypt are trying to
broker a ceasefire deal between Israel
and Hamas
on Tuesday Hamas negotiators stayed in
Cairo for a third day of ceasefire TRS
in a bid to Halt the fighting in time
for Ramadan free Israeli hostages and
save of famine the Muslim fasting month
of Ramadan begins at the start of next
week a 40-day ceasefire would allow some
hostages captured in Hamas October
attack to go free while Aid to Gaza
would be increased now families would be
able to return to abandon homes but on
February 26th Biden had said my hope is
that by next Monday we will have a
ceasefire he was eating an ice cream
while seeing this an act that attracted
widescale criticism and then just days
ago on the 1st of March he said he hoped
for Israel Hamas ceasefire deal by
Ramadan the Muslim holy month begins
next week and he now expects Hamas
already declared a terrorist
organization to decide the outcome of
the negotiations now in the United
States voters on the left are
dissatisfied with Biden's unwavering
support for Israel as its military
operations in Gaza have left more than
30,000 Palestinians
[Music]
dead