okay the United States has said that the
international court of justice should
not order the withdrawal of Israeli
forces from Palestinian territories the
court is mulling a 2022 request to issue
a non-binding opinion on the legal
consequences of the Israeli
occupation a few days ago at the Munich
security conference secretary blinkin
emphasized that it is more urgent than
ever to proceed to a Palestinian State
one that also ures the security of
Israel and makes the necessary
commitments to do
so in light of these
considerations the court should not find
that Israel is legally obligated to
immediately and unconditionally withdraw
from occupied
territory at the hearing Russia called
for Israel to end its occupation of the
Palestinian territories amid dwindling
ties with Washington Moscow said Israel
must stop all settlement activities and
abide by the United Nations security
Council resolutions aimed at achieving a
two-state solution Israel is not taking
part in the hearing saying that the
Court's involvement could hinder a
negotiated settlement amid growing
international calls for efforts to reach
a two-state solution Israel's parliament
has voted to back prime minister
Benjamin netanyahu's declaration
opposing the unilateral creation of a
Palestinian State Israel also says that
any permanent Accord with Palestinian
would be reached through direct
negotiations between the two sides and
not by International dictates or
mediation meanwhile the International
Community including the United Nations
has been accused of failing to stop
mounting Wars and conflicts that are
killing innocent people as its hosts
foreign ministers from G20 Nations
Brazil has slammed the security Council
for its quote unacceptable paralysis in
relation to ongoing conflict this comes
after Brazilian president Lula D Silva
prepared Israel's war on Gaza to
Hitler's treatment of Jews the comments
led to an ongoing diplomatic spat
between Brazil and Israel and at the G20
meeting US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin has now asserted that the US
does not agree with the Brazilian
leaders
remarks for all the latest news download
the weon app And subscribe to our
YouTube channel