truckloads of stockpiled Aid are waiting
to be transported into Gaza from Egypt
through the Rafa Crossing Security
Forces say that Machinery to repair
roads has already been sent through in
preparation as more than 100 trucks
await Rafa the only Crossing not
controlled by Israel has been out of
operation since the first days of the
conflict but the United States and Egypt
have been pushing for a deal with Israel
on Wednesday the White House said it had
been agreed for up to 20 trucks to pass
through with hopes for more later so
long as those supplies do not reach
Hamas most of gaza's 2.3 million
residents depend on Aid according to the
United Nations before the conflict
started on October 7th about 100 trucks
daily were providing humanitarian relief
to The Enclave but the upcoming arrival
of Aid is unlikely to raise Spirits air
strikes and acute shortages of food
medicine and water are worsening the
humanitarian situation in the strip in
the city of yunice the wounded which
includes un workers and children alike
are being brought into Hospital these
people have been injured as a result of
air strikes hitting a house on Thursday
morning also in the city those displaced
from their homes have sought refuge in a
wedding hall this lady is among them and
says the hall should be used for
celebration not as a place to
mourn Israel has said it will continue a
blockade of humanitarian aid from Israel
into Gaza and until hostages held by
Hamas are
returned Israel's bombardment and Siege
of Gaza is in retaliation for a
devastating Hamas incursion into Israel
on October 7th during which 1,400 people
were killed and hostages taken Israel in
Egypt have upheld a blockade of Gaza
since Hamas took control of the
territory in 2007 tightly controlling
the movement of goods and people