the United Nations security Council
demanded an immediate ceasefire between
Israel and Palestinian militants Hamas
it also demanded the immediate and
unconditional release of all hostages
while the US abstained the remaining 14
council members voted for the resolution
which was proposed by the 10 elected
members of the body Washington has been
averse to the word ceasefire earlier in
the nearly 6month old war in the Gaza
Strip and had used its veto power to
Shield us Ally Israel but amid growing
Global pressure the us abstained from
the vote on Monday to allow the security
Council to demand an immediate ceasefire
for the fasting month of Ramadan which
ends in two weeks meanwhile Hamas
rejected the latest ceasefire proposal
accusing Israel of ignoring its coure
demands which include an end to the war
and a full withdrawal from Gaza in a
recent statement the militant group said
it had informed mediators that it was
sticking to its original position
conveyed earlier in March it said Israel
had not responded to its core demands of
a comprehensive SE fire a withdrawal
from the strip and return of the
displaced people and a real prisoner
exchange the statement came shortly
after the United Nations security
Council approved a resolution calling
for an immediate ceasefire and the
release of all hostages held in Gaza
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has rejected hamas's demands
calling them delusional he has vowed to
resume Israel's offensive after any
hostage release and keep fighting until
Hamas is destroyed Hamas is still
believed to be holding some hundred
hostages as well as remains of around 30
others more than 100 hostages were freed
during a week-long ceasefire in November
in exchange for the release of 240
Palestinian prisoners more than 32,000
people have been killed in the besieged
territory and more than 74,000 wounded
according to gaza's health
[Music]
Ministry