this morning the White House confirms
Americans are likely among the hostages
taken by Hamas
militants sorry White House spokesperson
John Kirby getting emotional during an
interview discussing the images coming
out of Israel there's been a lot of
death and destruction in that region but
I've never seen anything like this oh
yeah I
it I'm sorry it's it's very
excuse me very difficult to look at
these images President Biden will speak
this afternoon about the conflict as
lawmakers respond with condemnation and
pledges of support Senator Lindsey
Graham even threatening to Target Iran's
oil infrastructure in retaliation for
Iran's funding of Hamas for every
Israeli or American hostage executed uh
by Hamas we should uh take down an
Iranian oil refinery the only way you're
going to keep this for from escalating
is to hold Iran accountable the White
House says there is no direct evidence
tying Iran to Saturday's attack
meanwhile the administration is warning
about another militant group Hezbollah
which controls Southern Lebanon along
Israel's northern border a senior us
defense official tells ABC news we are
deeply concerned about Hezbollah making
the wrong decision and choosing to open
a second front to this conflict the
attack has threatened to under mind
President Biden's foreign policy goals
derailing his efforts to broker a deal
to normalize relations between Israel
and Saudi
Arabia experts say disrupting that deal
was one goal of the Hamas attack a
Palestinian activists sitting down with
ABC's Lindsey Davis discussing a
possible path forward I've always said
if Israel doesn't want to State solution
does not want us to be free and end
occupation then then let's live together
in one Democratic state with equal
rights and it comes as Republicans
remain divided on who will be the next
speaker of the house even after a
three-hour meeting last night without a
speaker the house is unable to pass
emergency aid for
Israel hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching