those against the United Nations on
Tuesday voted to back a resolution that
demanded an immediate humanitarian
ceasefire in Gaza coming as US President
Joe Biden warned that Israel was losing
international support in light of
Palestinian civilian casualties in the
name of
humanity I ask you all once
again stop this violence now after dire
warnings by un officials about a growing
humanitarian crisis in Gaza more than 34
of the 193 member UN General Assembly
backed the
resolution the US and Israel voted
against the measure along with eight
other countries ceasefire means one
thing and one thing only ensuring the
the survival of Hamas the resolution is
not binding but it carries political
weight reflecting a global view on the
war similar vote was held in the 15
member un Security Council last week and
vetoed by the United States the
Palestinian Authority welcomed the
resolution and urged countries to
pressure Israel to adopt the ceasefire
as fighting between Israel and Hamas
intensified across Gaza on
Tuesday residents said Israeli shelling
in the South was some of the heaviest in
days despite its forces earlier ordering
people to flee there for safety there
are growing signs Israel is becoming
diplomatically isolated over its conduct
of War Biden told a campaign donor event
earlier on Tuesday that most of the
world still backs Israel but that it was
quote starting to lose that support by
indiscriminate bombing Biden's comments
came as close Ally Australia backed the
UN ceasefire resolution in a rare split
with the United States a joint statement
with Canada and New Zealand said quote
the price of defeating Hamas cannot be
the continuous suffering of all
Palestinian civilians though they also
added that a ceasefire cannot be
one-sided and demanded Hamas stop using
gaza's residents as human
Shields