we are getting first images tonight of
dozens of Indian construction workers
stuck inside a collapsed Highway tunnel
for days 41 anxious faces appeared on
camera from a large Cavern as a complex
mission to free them carries on ctv's
bill forer on the optimism after a
terrifying
ordeal as efforts ramp up to get 41
people out of this collapsed Mountain
tunnel for the first time video
confirmation they're okay going
with a small medical camera and a radio
pushed through 53 M of 15 cm wide pipe
officials in India were able to see and
talk to the trapped workers and let them
speak to loved
ones he's fine said this woman after
speaking with her brother-in-law his
plea to her just tell us what they are
doing to get us out of here we're going
to get those men out Rescuers have a
plan to drill down from above carefully
to avoid more collapses then then
install a larger pipe that workers can
crawl through they've been trapped since
November 12th when a section of the 4.5
km Highway tunnel their building
collapsed blocking their exit this is
still an extremely dangerous environment
so we're making it safe for The Rescuers
in there as well from afar it looks like
they're doing all the right things sea
RI out overseas underground rescue
operations in Ontario including a
similar situation a little more than 2
years ago 39 people were rescued from a
mine near Sudbury after the main shaft
was blocked he says as the days pass
further communication will be key to
avoid Panic so reassuring them keeping
them apprise of what's happening and
giving them accurate info uh just helps
keep those spirits up right today along
with food and Medicine rescue teams were
able to send a message down the
pipe in Hindi we will reach you soon
don't worry efforts to drill through the
debris have hit several setbacks but
this morning one government official
told reporters there could be what he
calls a breakthrough within the next 30
to 40 hours Bill forier CTV News
Edmonton