Egypt is bracing for an expected Exodus
of Palestinians is the threat of an
Israeli ground offensive looms over raer
the Southernmost city of Gaza now Cairo
is reported to be building a wall and
also leveling its border with the
besieged
trip the satellite images show the
ongoing construction of a wall and also
the pre-cast barriers that are being set
up alongside the border road the Sinai
foundation for human rights and
independent non-governmental
organization has said that the wall is
intended to create a high security gated
and an isolated area near the border
with
Gaza
now Egypt has not publicly acknowledged
the construction of the wall but it has
been repeatedly warning that Rafa
offensive could actually lead to the
displacement of over a million
Palestinians Jordan which also borders
West Bank has issued similar concerns as
well at this moment as we speak about
1.5 million Palestinians are Sheltering
in Rafa and these people have come to
the southern end of the Gaza Strip after
multiple rounds of Evac uations and
forced
expulsions the Israel has said that its
military offensive aims at destroying
Hamas and to not force the Palestinians
out of Gaza but a lot of Palestinians
say that this is actually a ploy by the
Israelis to dispossess them of their
land
now Israel's forign Minister K is also
assured that the country will find out a
way to not harm Egypt's interest he said
that the Israeli Army is not drawing up
plans to evacuate civilians from Rafa to
other parts of the strip
the Israeli Prime Minister has said that
repeatedly that it is necessary to
destroy hamas's strongholds in Rafa to
achieve a total Victory on the
Palestinian
faction Von is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the move