the use of nso groups a pegasus spyware
is under investigation in many countries
this follows reports that several
governments and authorities around the
world have been misusing the technology
to track politicians human rights
activists and journalists in the latest
development allegations have emerged of
the israeli police using the spyware in
2020 to spy on its own citizens
the reaction has been swift and strong
our correspondent jody cohen brings you
the details
the israeli newspaper cal khalees
published a report on tuesday which said
that the pegasus spyware was allegedly
used for surveillance on israeli
citizens
including leaders of protests against
former prime minister benjamin netanyahu
two mayors suspected of corruption and
people opposed to pride parades
the reports cited eight alleged examples
but did not mention names of anyone
involved
channel 12 also reported on tuesday the
police allegedly used surveillance
technology from another cyber company
celebrite
the problem is that the police
reportedly did this without a judge's
oversight or court order
in a statement the office of the
government comptroller says that the
state comptroller's work emphasizes the
protection of the privacy of israeli
citizens and residents it says that for
the past several weeks he has already
been reviewing the police's use of
technology and will look into the
alleged use of software to hack into
citizens cell phones as part of his
review
as well as the state comptroller
israel's attorney general
parliamentarians from across the
political spectrum and the privacy
protection authority are all reportedly
calling for answers from the police
i'm outside nso's headquarters now they
say the company doesn't operate the
system once sold to governmental
customers police chief kobe shabtai has
not denied using the software but has
denied claims it was used to monitor
local authorities and protesters he
insisted that police use of the
technology is in accordance with the law
court orders and meticulous protocols
public security minister omar barlev has
tweeted that he will verify the police
received explicit authorization from a
judge to use the spyware this is jody
cohen for we on world is one we are now
available in your country download the
app now get all the news on the move