all together the king is no stranger to
the troubled history of the Middle East
his trip in 2020 while Prince of Wales
to Jerusalem and the West Bank a
landmark visit Laden with gestures of
unity it followed Prince Williams
historic trip months earlier and
although the late Queen never visited
these are important displays of
international
diplomacy no formal statement from the
King on the current conflict but strong
words from his spokesperson saying his
majesty was appalled by and condemned
the barbaric acts of terrorism this is a
situation his majesty is extremely
concerned about and he is asked to be
kept actively
updated at Buckingham Palace earlier the
king spoke to the Israeli president
offering sympathy and conveying his deep
shock the language is striking and his
support welcomed by Jewish leaders the
statement even issued by the King today
who's also um uphold um these acts of uh
terrorism uh even the King has has come
out and he's said that and he's done
absolutely the right thing and similar
sentiment from Kensington Palace The
Prince and Princess of Wales said to be
profoundly distressed and utterly
condemn the horrors inflicted by
Hamas across the UK people have gathered
with demonstrations and vigils from
Manchester to Glasgow far from Royal
circles but aware of the royal rhetoric
whenever something happens on the
Palestinian side it has to be condemned
why is it not condemned on the other
side we are such a wonderful Democratic
Society with a fantastic King and it's a
message that's good to go across the
world he's absolutely right terrorism is
Terrorism and that's it as head of state
the king is usually quick to respond to
Serious Global events but the fact it
has taken five days is in itself
significant this delay expresses an
acknowledgment within the Palace of the
sensitivities of this
situation no official words from the
king but a very clear steer on the
strength of feeling inside Palace walls