there are some top British officials
from the leadership are also in Israel
presently and there were some stunning
visuals that were caught on camera
British Finance Minister running for
shelter during rocket attack on Israel's
British foreign secretary James cleverly
also was seen running for shelter during
a rocket attack this was in southern
Israel which has been the epicenter of
the firing take a look at these visuals
uh basically cleverly visited Southern
Israel with the Israeli counterpart Eli
kohen who were visiting a family home in
southern town of ofakim that was
attacked by Hamas terrorists and this is
how all of them had to run for cover
remember senior British officials and
leadership are presently in
Israel Gita moan our Foreign Affairs
editor is joining me on the phone line
for the latest on that uh gaita do tell
us what exactly looks like unfolded and
this is also at a time when Anthony
blinkin is also likely to be reaching
his
well that's right the British foreign
secretary that's the foreign minister of
Britain is on a visit or was in southern
Israel to be precise with his Israeli
counterpart Eli Kohan and during the
visit there was a rocket attack uh
because of which the uh the the uh air
alerts the sirens went off and uh the
team then rushed the British foreign
minister to a bomb shelter closed
uh the situation rather dire when it
comes to the conflict or the war so to
say between Israel and Palestine uh with
the Hamas continuing its uh uh rocket
attacks missile attacks on various
fronts this is one such instance there
was another where Boran airport also
came under attack so we have been seeing
uh these uh air alerts Air Raid Sirens
go off every now and again and every
time the sirens go off everybody has to
take shelter the British foreign
secretary also did the same with the
delegation and do imagine that this is
uh a normal so to say for Israel or even
for people in Gaza that these Sirens
that take place they have to duck for
cover two to three or sometimes more
even during the night uh GA thank you
for now let's listen into what exactly
[Music]
happened
[Music]
come on come on come on come
[Music]
[Music]
on