we're here on the newly named Aaron
Bushnell Street in Jericho the Town
Council made a unanimous decision to
name this street after this man but
before his actions on February 25th
nobody living here no Palestinians
probably living across the occupied
territories even knew his
name an active duty US Air Force
serviceman just 25 he set himself on
fire in front of the Israeli Embassy in
Washington DC it was a protest of
Israel's war on Gaza and his own
government's role in it pal Ian say it
was a powerful expression of solidarity
and he connected with people
here I felt that he was family someone
who's so close to us who shares our deep
pain I cried when I saw it and I cry
every time I do this is the ultimate
sacrifice at a time where no one seems
to see us we feel so
alone one street sign may not change
anything but here in one of the longest
continuously inhabited cities in the
world the way to Palestine Aaron
Bushnell's name lives
on Palestinians in Jericho owe this
service man Jericho is a tourist
destination and we wanted his streets to
link to the main one in our city so
people would know that Palestinians are
strongly connected to those who share
their Love For Freedom Independence and
rights we have friends across the world
who are ready to sacrifice in order to
end the massacres the mayor of Jericho
says he hopes to invite Aaron's family
as official guests to see the town to
see that despite the fact that his death
was so tragic what he did has earned him
a special place in the hearts and minds
of the people here Palestinians say that
what Aaron did hearing his final words
free Palestine made them feel seen and
for that he won't soon be forgotten Zay
basravi Al jazer Jericho in the occupied
West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer