all right moving on uh well amongst the
scores of people abducted by Hamas is a
19y year Israeli soldier Ronnie AEL
Ronnie was allegedly abducted by Hamas
during its October 7th kibot on slots
her last message to her mother was Mom
I'm okay don't worry about me love you
my colleague pradep brings us this
report how you came to know about this
incident where were you at the point of
time when and she was taken hostage the
first thing each and every one of us did
from the family is to call shaon Shon is
Ron's mother to ask her did you speak to
Ronnie is she okay and she said yeah she
called me she's okay few hours later I
was um asking shaan again uh did you
hear from Rony and she said she texted
me at 9:27 a.m. this is what she sent
me Mom I'm okay don't worry about me I I
love you with three hearts very
difficult moment and difficult time for
all of you and how you have been able to
console mother of Ronnie in such a
situation because she must be every day
trying to know about her whereabouts
we're not Consulting her since it's not
a Shiva she's not dead she's captured
who would imagine that we would hope
she's in captivity who wants animals to
hold your your your your baby girl your
your loved one your 19 years old girl
what you would like to steal this terror
group Hamas because on one hand they're
claiming that they are fighting for
their land they are trying to build an
opinion against Israel and committing
such kind of atrocities what you like to
tell
them you animals say animals it's not a
good word for them you monsters you
think you say you believe in god well
I'm sure all the gods will pay you back
back and will burn you down to your soul
and I wish that we'll have mercy on the
good people who living in Gaza and
doesn't have a choice cuz Hamas is
controlling them we don't wish for
anyone to be misery in misery without a
way to run away
but this is Israel this is the state of
the Jewish people my family have
survived the Holocaust
my mother's sister was murdered by a
terrorist when she was n years old my
family knows Horrors and this is not
going to be one of them we're going to
find Lonnie with your help with the
International Community help with
India's help with anyone who really
believes in in goodness and in kindness
and will act against ter
terrorism