hundreds of Israelis came out to protest
against prime minister Benjamin
netanyahu's plan to overhaul Israel's
Judiciary protesters again took to the
streets across the country as two major
roads were blocked in Tel Aviv
demonstrators flocked to the highways in
Tel Aviv to protest as the police
struggled to disperse the huge crowd
in their third day of the 70 kilometer
Journey the protesters are scheduled to
arrive in Jerusalem on Saturday night
with a plan to set up camp outside the
Israeli Parliament the March has become
the signature event of the protest
movement since it began in Tel Aviv the
knesset just a day before cleared the
way for the two final votes on
overturning the reasonableness standard
hours after which prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu reiterated that he is
still open to negotiations on a key
Clause of his hard-right government's
controversial judicial reform
lawmakers are expected to vote on Monday
on a bull that would curtail the Supreme
Court's oversight Powers by limiting its
ability to strike down decisions it
deems as unreasonable
the government says that the plan is
meant to keep a check in what it sees as
an overly interventionist judicial
system and restore power to the elected
officials
meanwhile the critics say the plan would
overturn Israel's delicate system of
checks and balances and push the country
toward autocracy
Netanyahu has been determined to
implement the bill or while saying that
he is still open to discussions now both
sides seem to be on a different side of
the coin with opponents warning that
they will intensify their actions if the
government reforms become law
[Music]
[Music]
thank you