these hundreds of burnt out cars were
left behind when Hamas Fighters stormed
Southern Israel a month after the attack
Israeli investigators are still combing
through them to find anything that might
identify victims inside an extremely
difficult task given the condition of
any remains so Specialists including
archaeologists have been brought in
trying to find blood or or or fra bone
fragments or or human tissue fragments
um and in the burnt cars it's actually
sifting through uh using archaeologist
trying to sift through the debris left
on the bottom of the car um and try to
find any identifiable um remains that
that you know archaeologists know how to
find the identification of victims is
expected to take some time that's
leaving many families in limbo not
knowing if their loved ones are dead or
captive in Gaza some have had new
information like the family of an
8-year-old girl at first believed killed
in the initial attack now thought to
have been kidnapped a new name to add to
the list of around 240 missing people
their relatives are demanding the
Israeli government do more to get them
home my feeling that they're not
doing
enough probably they are doing more
politic than any effort to to bring back
the kidnaps we want them free we want to
know that they're alive um we want their
families to know that they're not Not
Alone um I think you know for all of us
the ultimate goal is to get them
back it's an urgent appeal they worry
about how their loved ones are being
treated in captivity they also worry
that Israel's incessant bombardment of
Gaza is putting them in even more danger
so far Hamas has released only four
hostages the exact locations and
condition of the others are
unknown