[Music]
the reduction is mainly the consequences
of the war and the consequences of the
war U are such that it's not clear how
the war will end especially in Gaza
there is no forecast of a stability and
Israel already
um rejected the American plan with the
Saudis and the Emirates on
reestablishing Palestinian Authority
there and therefore it's not clear what
would be the outcome there and also the
reduction in uh the government and the
Parliament uh functioning even
internally and externally due to the war
and that's the main reason and this main
reason also increased the economic risk
the political risk and the security risk
for
Israel already by the way before they
did it we have seen uh that the market
uh risk which is uh measured by uh
interest rate that Israel pays in
dollars on the debt has already
increased so it's basically seems like a
very natural outcome the Outlook they
emphasize is um negative mainly from the
instability in the North and the unclear
what would be the outcome in the North
and the outcome in the north is
potential for a full scale War which
certainly would reduce further the
rating of
is
certainly um it's not a political state
statement by mudis Mist basically um
summarize the risk the economic risk and
the geopolitical risk exactly as
everyone sees that in the
[Music]
facts basically it's too bad that
Finance Minister rather than to learn of
our foreigners and investors who are
reading the moodies and acting according
to the mudik
rating would
actually read his Direction and by his
response he actually make the Mist
report even more harmful for the Israel
economy because it would be treated by
investors as if he's not willing to do
what is necessary to reach defense
economic and political stability in
Israel
[Music]