limits raging protested with the Libyan
foreign ministers meeting with the
Israeli counterpart the country's prime
minister's visits the Palestinian
Embassy in Tripoli now the interim prime
minister has further vowed that there
will be no normalization of ties with
the state of Israel that during his
visit to the Palestinian Embassy the
Prime Minister said that he had no
knowledge of the foreign Minister's
meeting in Rome and added that their
meeting was pre-planned according to
Reuters an Israeli official said to the
meeting between the two officials had
lasted for about two hours and was
approved at the highest levels in Libya
soon after the meeting violent protests
in fact took over the streets of several
Libyan cities and led to the temporary
suspension of the foreign minister
oh well of course not honestly we are
against normalization these Jews are our
enemies they displaced the Palestinian
people and treat them with no mercy and
are not giving them any part of their
rights we condemn this meeting with
Israel especially if the normalization
was planned and if this meeting really
happened and it is not staged or
something then honestly this is not
acceptable to libyans
after the suspension the foreign
minister will now undergo an
administrative investigation by a
Justice Minister Chad commission however
according to Media reports the foreign
minister fled to Turkey soon after the
news broke which is of course expected
to hinder the investigations
his normalized relations with some Arab
nations in recent years is part of the
U.S back to Deals known as the Abraham
Accords prime minister Benjamin
netanyahu's Hardline government is time
and again come into intense criticism
from Arab states this is because of the
surging violence in the West Bank and
for backing the expansion of Jewish
settlements in the territory
Beyond is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move