3 days of negotiations with Hamas over a
ceasefire in Gaza have failed to make a
breakthrough this comes less than a week
before Ramadan which had been the
informal deadline for a deal Yen
reports International mediators from the
US Egypt and Qatar have been in
negotiation with Hamas for a ceasefire
in Gaza the mediators have been trying
to come to an agreement where Hamas
would release Israeli hostages in return
for a 6we ceasefire the release of some
Palestinian prisoners and more Aid to
Gaza but the 3 days of negotiations
failed to make a breakthrough on Tuesday
this comes less than a week before the
start of Ramadan the Muslim fasting
month which had been the informal
deadline for a deal Israel has demanded
Hamas hand over a list of captives who
are alive as well as the captive to
prisoner ratio at seeks in any release
deal to which Hamas has said the group
did not have information on which
captives were alive or dead they also
said the captives were being held by
numerous groups in multiple locations at
a press conference in Beirut on Tuesday
senior Hamas official Osama hamdan said
that his group wants a permanent
ceasefire rather than a pause and a
complete withdrawal of Israeli
forces we reiterate that what the enemy
failed to achieve on the battlefield he
will not achieve at the negotiating
table the security and safety of our
people will not be achieved except with
a permanent ceasefire the end of the
aggression and the withdrawal from every
inch of the Gaza Strip providing urgent
and appropriate shelter and bringing Aid
to our people in Gaza is our top
priority and any exchange of prisoners
cannot take place for all this is
achieved Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has publicly rejected such
demands pledging that the war would go
on until Hamas is dismantled and all the
captives are returned Israel did not
send a delegation to the latest round of
talks due to Hamas not providing the
hostage list with the fasting month of
Ramadan which starts on March 10th Hamas
negotiators agreed on Tuesday to stay
for at least one more day of talks
Palestinian Israeli violence has spiked
during Ramadan in previous years
creating a strong incentive for leaders
to reach a deal before next week Ian
adid news