the spiraling security crisis in Haiti
prompted an emergency meeting today that
included Canada Global Affairs says more
than 2900 Canadians remain in the
country as the situation rapidly
deteriorates ctv's Colton pril on
Haiti's state of
chaos
outmanned outgunned and out of time as
gang violence continues to overwhelm
authorities in Haiti today Caribbean
leaders and representatives from Canada
and the United States convening an
emergency meeting in Jamaica to push for
the creation of a new transitional
government in Haiti people of of Haiti
will be uh well served as people come
together and set aside the differences
and remain ambitious about the future
we're going to build the meeting is a
continuation of a monthlong effort
thrust back into the spotlight as
Haitian prime minister Ariel lri remains
forced out of the country over death
threats on the ground thousands have
been displaced and the country's airport
is locked down the whole systems are
collapsing and mainly the health system
is curently collapsing uh in the country
the United States and the European Union
both evacuated any non-essential Embassy
staff from the country Canada's Embassy
remains closed to the public we are very
safe and have no plan to evacuate we are
ready for any
eventuality but the risk remains as
violence continues and the nation's
poultry police force struggles to
maintain a foothold in the capital now
that the situation is so bad we need
that Kenyon contingent as soon as
possible just to support the Asian
National Police that is probably
overwhelmed by the
situation last month Canada committed
$80 million towards helping reinforce
the Haitian National Police a thousand
additional Kenyon police officers were
promised last October today African
officials say they're only in the pre
deployment phase something American
officials say needs to be sped up
Haiti's most powerful gangster has
threatened a civil war that could lead
to genocide if the country's prime
minister doesn't resign today Jamaican
leader Andrew holess says that fear is
now a possible reality Omar all right
Colton thanks