this morning efforts to secure a
ceasefire in Gaza are continuing Hamas
said today at studying the latest
Israeli counterproposals as
International negotiators work for a
truce until there is any pause in the
fighting Aid workers on the ground in
Gaza continue to work in perilous
conditions risking their lives to help
others Deborah P has more from
Jerusalem Gaza is the most dangerous
place in the world for those providing
humanitarian Services nearly 250 Aid
workers have already been killed in this
war working in a situation where there
is no ceasefire and there is a
continuous pumping continuous shelling
uh over your heads while you are working
with those people for sure it's really
difficult ma'am and yet every day
29-year-old oxam worker khud jafa heads
off to do this dangerous work because we
believe that humanitarian workers it's
it's one of our
responsibilities together with
organizations like the United Nations
Oxfam distributes life-saving food water
and sanitation kits as Gaza hurtles
towards famine when work is done dfle
never quite knows what she will come
home to her 2-year-old son Samir and her
husband YF are constantly on her mind
when she's out in the field uh all the
time trying to call them trying to text
them uh to make sure that they are safe
it's not easy to leave work behind and
forget the stories of Devastation and
loss she spends her day listening to I'm
trying uh to calm myself because I don't
want to go back to home holding all
these tragedies with me because I want
to go back to home trying to care about
my child an almost impossible Balancing
Act for this young mother making her son
feel secure in a place she knows is
anything but safe for CBS Saturday
morning Deborah patter Jerusalem