Israel's Nationwide vaccination campaign
was hailed as a success story that
helped to drastically reduce infections
in the country but the latest Delta
variant outbreak has led to an increase
in cases and many experts believe that
the crisis is far from over Israel was
one of the first countries to vaccinate
a majority of its population in a very
small amount of time by June the
mandatory Mass requirement was
completely dropped and the only covet
curbs that remained were regarding
international travel now the rate of
infection has again risen to 5.4 percent
and the Bennett government has said that
it will take necessary measures to avoid
further lockdowns as Israel's covet wave
continues to worsen the country's top
covert official admits that authorities
mishandle the crisis with regard to
inoculating the unvaccinated during an
interview Israel's coronavares are
Professor Salman zarca said that
covid-19 is here and it will stay and we
may have to wear a mask for many months
while acknowledging the government's
mistakes zarka said that officials were
pressurized to formulate policies
without sufficient data Israel has one
of the highest vaccination rates in the
world with 78 percent of the adult
population fully vaccinated despite this
the country is currently witnessing a
significant spike in cases
our correspondent Jody Cohen has sent us
more details in this next report from
Jerusalem listening
Israel was an early success story in the
covert pandemic effectively becoming the
testing laboratory for Pfizer's vaccine
and sharing its medical data with the
world however coronavirus our professor
Salman zarka now says Israel dropped the
ball and should have done more to
encourage further vaccination while
covert cases were low suggesting Israel
won the battle but the war is still here
he said preparations are needed for a
possible fifth wave with kids going back
to school next week and the Jewish New
Year festivities approaching the
government is busy looking at what more
it can do to limit the spread of the
Delta variants this is Jody Curran from
ranana Israel for weon world as one
Leon world is one is now available in
your country download the app now and
get all the news updates on the move