now to focus on world DNA Iran's Islamic
revolutionary God C its vowed Revenge it
has warned Israel that it's going to be
either the force or it's proxies that
will take Direction direct action here
well of course Iranian proxies have been
very much in the action all across the
West Asian region and they are taking
action to avenge the killing of senior
Commander Sayad RZA mosavi now the body
of mosavi arrived in Iraq on wednessday
hundreds of mourners gathered through to
attend the service in a shrine then the
coffin will will travel to another
religious City before being sent to Iran
a for buan now the journey is part of an
Iranian tradition to take the body of
prominent figures to the shrines of Shia
Saints on Monday Iran said an Israeli
air strike it killed Raza musavi a
senior commander in Iran's revolutionary
Gods Corp he was outside Syrian Capital
Damascus when he was killed in an isra
strike reports claim he was overseeing
Iranian military operations in Syria
Iran's Ambassador in Damascus Hussein
akbari said mavi was posted at the
embassy as a diplomat and he was killed
after returning home from
work now mavi is the highest profile
targeted since killing solomani the
former head of the K's Force his death
has sparked a huge
outcry now this again raises fear of the
Israel Hamas War sparking a regional
spill over in the larger West Asian
region earlier Israeli defense minister
yuav galand claimed the conflict is
already widening and they are fighting a
seven front War Israel is surrounded by
hostile forces remember Iran leads the
regional axis of resistance against
Israel which along with Hezbollah in
Lebanon includes armed proxies in Syria
Iraq and Yemen this also includes the
Hui rebels in
Yemen
they have uh high-tech uh equipment they
have been well funded and supported uh
by Iran Iran has made very clear that
they are backing the the hooti rebels
and they will not stand uh any us-led
intervention in the region so you know
this this is not uh going to be
something that is overcome easily or
[Music]
simply