R is soon You Can't Hide You with Geno
as the death toll mounts in Gaza the
pressure on the UK government to stop
selling arms to Israel is
growing no
justice over the weekend thousands
gathered in London once again calling
for a ceasefire in a quieter form of
protest 600 senior lawyers signed a
letter calling for the government to
stop selling arms to Israel we took the
view that
under international law every country
which has signed up to it and it's or
even possibly those who have not signed
up to it uh are bound to take
steps
to prevent reduce the risk of
genocide uh and to prevent violations of
international law uh by Israel the UK
has sold arms worth over $500 million to
Israel since 2008 that's considerably
less than other European countries like
Germany and Italy however it's continued
support which has become more evident in
recent days with British J amongst those
intercepting missiles fired from
Iran the British government has been
steadfast in saying the weapon cells and
Military Support of Israel will continue
um the latest assessment leaves our
position on export licenses un changed
this is consistent with the advice that
I and other ministers have received and
as ever we will keep the position under
review but resistance is growing
thousands across the UK continue to
demand that armed sales to Israel stop
completely weapons is a big industry for
England I mean they've tried to head
hunt me into the weapons industry I
wouldn't I'd never work in it and um I
know even maybe it's not as much as
America and Germany Italy but the
British are still supplying parts for
jets and uh bombs stuff that has been
dropped on Gaza and murdering people so
they've got to stop it stop supplying
weapons thousand million a UK ban on
weapon sales would send a strong message
to other nations arming Israel at a time
when its conduct in Gaza is coming under
intense International scrutiny but
Westminster has so far shown no sign of
such a dramatic policy shift Lao World
London
[Applause]
[Music]