Shoring up support for war torn Ukraine
was top of the agenda for prime minister
Justin Trudeau today as he met with both
the president and prime minister of
Poland as the war drags into its third
year the leaders expressed concern over
the potentially deadly impact of delays
in military shipments ctv's Judy Trin
reports from
Warsaw an unintentional response at the
end of a news conference because we know
that Russia must uh win this war sorry
that Ukraine must win this War uh
against Russia thank you but Justin
Trudeau's verbal slip underlies real
concerns that Russia has the upper hand
in its war against Ukraine Poland's
prime minister urged Western allies to
ramp up their military
production had a record high I think in
Europe maybe in the world dedicated to
defense so we will continue those
efforts for obvious reasons because we
would like to keep helping Ukraine and
build our own security
the Prime Minister says Canada is doing
its part for Ukraine we have uh
delivered uh over 10 billion in Aid
including significant military aid
um drones uh light armored vehicles uh
guns and
Munitions Canada has also helped train
nearly 40,000 ukrainians in Battlefield
tactics and loaned Ukraine billions of
dollars to keep its economy afloat but
some weapons aren't being delivered an
air defense system that the federal
government purchased from the US is
being delayed by the American
procurement process Canada doesn't have
the ability to increase production of
artillery shells so it's buying them
from the Czech Republic to donate but
when it comes to Collective protection
Canada hasn't even reached its NATO
Target yet of 2% GDP spending on defense
there is more to do the world is
changing uh it's getting more dangerous
I recognize uh Poland's stepping up
significantly in its own military
spending but so will Canada when asked
about Canada's lack of commitment prime
minister to said he didn't want to be
inhospitable but Poland does want to
lead by example Poland is already
spending nearly 4% of its GDP on defense
and is considering doubling that amount
Judy Trin CTV News Warsaw