Michigan will ask you a koala good let's
laugh add in your Mac goodness never did
you not good enough but God phone is
heroin ugh every Friday residents of
this small town in the West Bank protest
against the occupation and colonization
they accused the settlement on the
opposite Hill of having grabbed land and
a well to palestinian youths have been
killed here since the protesting began
back in two thousand nine every Friday
we repelled them and they shoot live
bullets at us in return the emblematic
confrontation between nabi saleh and the
military already lasting for years may
have recently taken a new turn four
years after handing out demolition
orders israeli forces have carried out
their threat this local activist states
that they raised this uninhabited
structure to send a clear message it's
that way of telling us we can come at
any time and destroy anyhow we want in
the village this is their way of trying
to stop the movements of the resistance
off and operational margins trouble your
Maserati the puzzle man al Tamimi has
been watching the latest developments
from afar she says an Israeli army
sniper shot her in the leg last April
she is convinced that the worst is yet
to come more settler violent more house
demolition more prisoners more and
martyrs and all this gonna be under one
ex-excuse which is securing settlers
life know who the horns while
settlements expand the violence
continues unabated and tensions run high
in many parts of the West Bank out here
no one believes that Israel's new
government will bring positive change to
the lives of Palestinians
good for them that they picked a racist
government we picked resistance forever
until liberation according to the
families who live here 12 more houses in
nabi saleh still have demolition orders
pending