the Israeli military told gazans to flee
to the South if they wanted saf but
today there was an air strike on a
building in the southern city of Han
Yunis the IDF said in a briefing to
journalists that it will have to attack
the south of Gaza if it is going to
destroy
Hamas 28 premature babies who were
evacuated from Al shifa Hospital over
the weekend have now been transferred
over the border into Egypt their parents
have had to leave behind their families
to to go with them this evening outside
the UNICEF offices in Tel Aviv a rally
was held to demand the release of 40
children being held hostage by Hamas in
Gaza sharib IAS was taken hostage by
Hamas from kabut near o on the 7th of
October clutching her two sons
three-year-old Ariel and 10-month-old
cafir her cousin yat Zila pleaded for
their release he is 10 months old 10
months old he's supposed to learn how to
stand you know using a table and
supposed to learn how to clap he's been
sitting in the dark for 7 weeks I don't
know what kind of family will I have
will get back here if they get back
here it's only the beginning of the
process what would you say to Benjamin
Netanyahu when you see him
later that I hope they don't bring my B
my family back in bags do you hold him
responsible for your family's lives all
of
them they left them
alone they left them alone down south
and they are leaving them alone now in
Gaza what more can I do stand in front
of the government with a knife on my
neck and saying
please
please stop this bring back my
family in Israel's parliament knesset
there were ugly scenes as far-right
politicians clashed with some of the
hostage
families maybe stop talking about
killing Arabs and start talking about
saving
[Music]
Jew tonight there was another
demonstration this time outside the
ministry of Defense in Tel Aviv as
Benjamin yanyah who met with some of the
hostage families hopes of a hostage deal
and a ceasefire come and go some
Israelis are now openly starting to
confront their government and question
whether there is another way alist bule
Sky News in Tel Aviv