10 gunmen from Gaza knew how to find the
Israeli intelligence Hub and how to get
inside according to this New York Times
report which talks about the extent of
information Hamas had on how the Israeli
military operated where it station
specific units and even the time it
would take for reinforcements to arrive
after Crossing into Israel the gunmen
moved toward the east on five
motorcycles two gunmen on each vehicle
shooting at passing civilian cars as
they pressed forward 10 Mi later they
veered off the road into a stretch of
Woodland dismounting outside an unmanned
gate to a military base they blew open
the barrier with a small explosive
charge entered the base and paused to
take a group selfie then they shot dead
an unarmed Israeli soldier dressed in a
t-shirt for a moment the attackers
appeared uncertain about where to go
next then one of them pulled something
from his pocket a color code Ed map of
the complex reoriented they found an
unlocked door to a fortified building
once inside they entered a room filled
with computers the military intelligence
Hub under a bed in the room they found
two soldiers taking shelter the gunman
shot both dead now this sequence was
captured on a camera mounted on the head
of a gunman who was later killed the New
York Times reviewed the footage then
verified the events by interviewing the
official and checking Israeli military
video of the attack there are chilling
details of how Hamas militia that
controls the Gaza Strip managed to
surprise and outmaneuver the most
powerful military in the Middle East
last Saturday storming across the border
overrunning more than 30 square miles
taking more than 150 hostages and
killing more than 1,300 people in the
deadliest te of Israel in its 75 year
history