Dr Mala Israel has directly accused Iran
of supporting Hamas and called this an
attack on the Free World Order help us
understand
this well if you see in a bigger
perspective what is happening in the
region which impacts all world let's go
just not far back just for the last
conven the G20 in New Delhi ER just few
weeks ago and this statement ER of few
three world
countries India and the United States
leading this imic this new coridor that
we are going to open from India to the
west to Europe and then to the United
States which will change dramatically
the supply chains in the world and will
enable yes India to uh even to supply
perishable products that are so needed
in Europe and Israel is the Gateway for
India to the West we saw that the the
Group which I so so much appreciate that
both Hort understanding and seeing
having a strategic Vision understanding
where the world is going on and we see
that the relations between Israel and
Saudi Arabia are coming very very close
so I think that the Iranian percept that
as a threat for them this will be a big
achievement of the Free World enabling
India to open a new Corridor uh from
through the gulf Saudi Arabia Jordan
Hort Israel to Europe and then to the
United States they see it as a threat
and I think this is one of the main
drivers of this assault on us right
trying to stop that and the Iranians
declare that they will do whatever they
can in order to stop this warming
relations and the ability of Israel and
Saudi Arabia to forge diplomatic
relations and to open this Corridor
which is needed so much for the war
right thinks what is the impact for
India if we decrease in 16 days the
supply time of products from India to
Europe what is the impact what is the
impct on the region on the world economy
right it's a big big impact right so I
think this is if you want to see what is
the regional connection uh to this
assault so this is this is it