a violent beginning for Palestinians
March of return as Israeli forces tried
to push back the protesters from the
barrier surrounding Gaza they gathered
in their thousands to cool for the
decade-long blockade of the Enclave to
be ended their lands confiscated by
Israel to be returned and also for their
right of return to the land of Palestine
today is a turning point for our people
in our history of national struggle and
fight on our way to freedom and return
today our people from the whole nation
from Gaza from the West Bank from the
occupied lands in 1948 and from other
countries are launching this new phase
organizers describe this as a peaceful
family-friendly protest that would last
six weeks and most of the Palestinians
who've gathered so far have stayed away
from possible confrontation with Israeli
soldiers at the border fence but the
demonstration turned deadly before it
had even started AMISOM wall was killed
early on Friday morning by an Israeli
shell his relatives say he was a farmer
and out cutting parsley to sell in the
market he wasn't related to any
organization not even Fatah or Hamas he
was just a working man he was two and
seven years old and had two daughters
landet marks the deaths of six unarmed
Arab demonstrators in 1976 this year it
was more deadly there is always tension
here but the planned move of the US
Embassy to Jerusalem in May has made it
worse
in preparation Israel nearly doubled its
forces along the fence and deployed
drones and snipers he a metal folder
there are protests an aggressive riots
the Israeli Defense Forces resisted this
by using methods that break up protests
when some of the individuals who were
stirred by the protest leaders and the
security had tried to breach Israel
sovereignty and infiltrate into Israeli
territory for to infringe on Israel
infrastructure meaning the security wall
they were targeted by the IDF
life for Palestinians in Gaza is bleak
most of its 2 million residents are
trapped behind it's heavily fortified
fence they live with regular power
outages and shortages of food and fuel
and these deadly protests are likely to
only further inflame tensions with
Israel arabela monroe trt worlds
[Music]