[Music]
a day of rallies in turqua as people
gathered across the country to
commemorate the victims of Tuesday's
Hospital strike in Gaza we're here at
kode in central anchora the largest
mosque in Turkey's capital prayers are
being held for the victims of Tuesday's
horrific blast at a hospital in Gaza
many people are attending these prayers
some holding Palestinian Flags others
holding banners with Pro Palestine
slogans the prayers were led by tur's
president of religious Affairs Ali
Arash more than a thousand innocent
people have died in a hospital in Gaza
they have been mared let's be ashamed of
our Humanity no matter what religion One
belongs to unfortunately these are those
who do not regret this persecution and
Those who commit this persecution are
not ashamed of their Humanity because
they present themselves as human
beings when the ceremony concluded a
large crowd of mourners marched chanting
from the mosque to attend a protest
nearby we have been following the
developments for days we feel sad as
Muslims we don't want our brothers and
our compatriots to be in this situation
first of all we do not want children to
be in this situation even if there is a
war the war must proceed according to
the
rules there were protests in other
locations around the country including
this huge gathering at a Sophia in
istambul
it is the latest sign of the Turkish
people's strong Sympathy for the
Palestinians after large protests took
place late Tuesday
night senior government officials led by
President erdogan were quick to condemn
the strike and bemoon the loss of
civilian life and the Turkish Grand
National Assembly issued a statement
from all parties expressing its
condolences the varied reactions from
the many different sectors of society is
sign of the special place Palestine has
in the hearts of Turkish people Rupert
Stone trt
World