Biden has said that there were
indiscriminate bombings taking place do
you agree I I've been very clear too
many innocent civilians have died and we
therefore you agree that the targeting
is indiscriminate therefore if I'm not
I'm not privy to the precise targeting
but what I can say is clear that too
many innocent people have died in this
conflict but you will have received
advice from government lawyers and
submissions have any of those
submissions or any advice you've
received from lawyers or anyone within
number 10 suggested the international
humanarian law is being broken yeah
again government never on the legal
advice it received what we will always
do Mee Min your current foreign
secretary when he was prime minister was
quite happy to State when he felt the
international Mani law was being broken
in Syria equally James K's foreign
secretor was happy to say that war
crimes taking place in Ukraine so surely
there is a precedent that you are able
to say if you believe that two many
civilians are dying that bombings have
been indiscriminate and therefore that
the principles necessity and
proportionality are not being upheld you
you're putting words in my mouth others
no your exact words were too many
civilians are dying you've just repeated
it here as well yes and now too many
civilians are dying of course of course
too many civilians are dying that is
different from saying humanitarian law
has been broken every responsibility to
every civilian dying is a
tragedy responsibility sit for that
decision making sorry where does the
responsibility sit for too many
civilians
dying I mean well again Ask Hass why
they embed themselves in civilian
population I think that's genuinely an
extraordinary question responsibility of
sans dying is this the two sides to this
Israel is trying to defend itself if the
terrorist organization which is
perpetrating of these attacks is
deliberately embedding itself inside
civilian populations then they have to
accept responsibility for that I think
Israel is rightly should take every
precaution to avoid harming Civ ions but
that would be very difficult if the
precise organization which has caused
Untold suffering to the Israeli people
is hiding among civilians knowingly
doing so knowingly putting them In
Harm's
Way