[Music]
it's been a tough season for the 50,000
people in Gaza who are in their living
through fishing Israeli authorities have
been limiting when and how far the
fishermen can venture out and
recently Hamas barred the boats from
going out as part of a lockdown
following the assassination of a senior
Hamas leader while Hamas lifted its
blockade this week Israel hasn't and
fishermen say it cuts into their catches
the troubles Palestinian fishermen are
going through are very tragic like the
rest of the country unemployment of a
Palestinian fisherman is an
understatement our situation is below
zero level and even zero is a big number
to describe the situation
under the Oslo peace agreement signed in
1993 fishing was allowed up to 20
nautical miles off the coast of Gaza but
the Israelis imposed a blockade in 2007
at the nine nautical mile mark after
hamas came to power in gaza they say it
is to stop militants from using sea
routes to smuggle weapons and currently
the area the fishermen can access is
just six nautical miles no no sit there
nearly I'm not allowed six mile area is
no good for fishing it's a sandy area
the fish live in rocky areas that begin
at the nine mile mark and beyond we hope
there is going to be a solution as soon
as possible April is the fishing season
you know being confined to short
distances means the waters are
overfished and the quality of the catch
is poor high-value fish such as tuna do
not come near the shoreline
after hamas lifted its blockade this
week the first boats allowed out brought
back large halls of devil rays it's not
a fish favored by fish lovers but it can
be found near the shore and it is
relatively cheap
about you we ask God to send more
quantities of this kind of fish to
reduce the prices people here can't eat
different kinds of fish because they are
scarce and expensive
while devil rays are plentiful in Gaza
they are considered by conservation
groups to be an endangered species for
now the fishermen and Gaza say they have
no choice but to catch what they can
Chelsea Carter tr2 world
[Music]