it's in the nature of military Affairs
that um all options don't look very good
at the time and Israel's options in
relation to its work in Gaza uh look
particularly unattractive at the moment
it's involved in a bombing campaign from
north to south Gaza is being very
intensively bombed more than at any
other time in its recent history um more
bombing in the north than elsewhere
because that's where the Israelis figure
that Hamas has most of its facilities
keeps most of its ammunition and so on
most of that bombing too is in civilian
areas the there's no such thing as a
non- civilian area uh in Gaza but Hamas
stores its material inside civilian
buildings even mosques and so the
Israelis are bombing civilian buildings
they are reportedly using bunker busting
bombs to get below the surface in some
cases and if you live in somewhere like
this in Rim Al say um then a building
suddenly disappears it's a missile
strike there's no warning suddenly the
building blows up and that's going on
constantly now however it will come to
an end quite soon because the Israelis
have got to decide what to do next next
I'm fairly certain in my own mind that
they will attack on a multi-pronged
front both from the sea and from the
land a multipronged attack makes perfect
sense certainly to me because it spreads
the risks it makes it easier to get into
a a very heavily urbanized area in an
urban environment tanks aren't very much
use there are too many buildings tiring
over them too many tunnels and sewers
underneath them it's an infantry heavy
job it's very brutal very difficult the
Infantry just has to work its way in
build bu by building by building and
it's not easy and there will be losses
of course it's all complicated in
Israel's case because of the 13 or so
hostages which are being held throughout
Gaza but I don't think that will deter
them from moving in when they think that
is what they have to do they will take
their chances doubtless they'll do the
best they can perhaps with special
forces and intelligence to rescue as
many as they can I'm fairly sure that at
the end of this process Israel will have
removed Hamas as a physical entity from
Gaza and what then the Israelis don't
know where this road leads all they know
is that after last Saturday they're
going to have to go there