because the Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin is also facing descent from his
own Rank and file absolutely and it is
uh broader than the state department
it's really a sort of wave of growing
descent within the Biden Administration
as a whole but the state department is
of course where the focal point in
because we're talking about diplomats
who are uh dealing with this crisis on
uh the dayto day and uh Anthony blinkin
had to sort of respond he wrote a letter
responding to this growing descent from
uh us Diplomat saying I know that for
many of you the suffering caused by this
crisis is taking a profound personal
toll he talked about the fact that some
people within uh the state department
May disagree with approaches that we are
taking we are listening so uh the state
department the Biden Administration
officials are trying to show that they
are hearing some of those disagreements
and that is because over the past few
weeks since really the October 7th
attack by Hamas uh in Israel there has
been a growing uh sound of dissent
coming from officials within the Biden
Administration just recently uh last
week there was a USA the development
agency letter by open letter by about a
thousand people within uh that agency
calling for the US to call for a
ceasefire uh there was a state
department official involved in arms
transfers to uh Israel that resigned
over these policies and there is the
growing warning from diplomats in the
Middle East who are saying watch out
your support for Israel is not being
seen well in the Arab world we are
losing Arab publics for a generation was
the warning from those diplomats Keon
thank you very much for that Kean gor