they chanted slogans calling for the
fall of President Muhammed Abbas and for
fighting fire with
fire Palestinian protesters flooded the
streets of major West Bank cities
including rala outraged after gaza's
deadliest day the Israeli military says
a misfired rocket by Palestinian
militants hit the a Arab Hospital the
Palestinians blamed an Israeli air
strike for the blast which killed
hundreds just now up of thousand
casualties all of them of civilians who
were displaced from the north and they
they have nowhere to go except to be in
the garden and the yard of the hospital
totally were killed so I ask president
Abbas topond or to to cancel his meeting
with Biden and to come back and when
Biden will enforce Israel to stop its
aggression he can meet with them Mahmud
Abbas whose Palestinian Authority
exercises limited autonomy in parts of
the West Bank is also a target of
protesters anger he did pull out of his
meeting with Joe Biden scheduled for
Wednesday in
Jordan in light of the Calamity that
occurred and out of concern for our
people I have decided to cut short my
visit and return to my homeland to be
with my people in this great ordeal I
have also agreed with our brothers in
Jordan and Egypt to cancel the scheduled
Summit in am man today with US President
Joe
Biden protesters in rala the seat of the
Palestinian Authority called on West
Bankers to rise they held stones at
Palestinian Security Forces who
responded with te gas and stun grenades
to disperse them in heon protesters
carried Hamas flags and clashes also
broke out in the cities of nabas tubus
and Janine highlighting the long
simarine Palestinian anger against abas
whose forces have faced criticism for
coordinating with Israel on security in
the
territory