now as Israel declares war on Hamas it
has formed an emergency unit government
focusing on the conflict opposition
leaders have also agreed to join the
government and set aside their
differences leaders say that they're
United and ready to completely wipe the
enemy Hamas militant group out more
details in our next report
listening there were more Israeli air
strikes in Gaza on Wednesday Israeli
tanks and armored vehicles have
assembled in large numbers just north of
Gaza ahead of a potential ground assault
against Hamas with Israel on a war
fitting prime minister Benjamin
netanyahu's right-wing Coalition and
opposition leaders have agreed to form
an emergency Unity government that's
according to a joint statement from the
opposition leader Benny gant's
party the Israeli military said dozens
of its fighter jets struck more than 200
targets in Gaza City overnight in the
neighborhood that had been used by Hamas
to launch its
attacks Palestinian sources said Israeli
air strikes in Gaza killed three
relatives of Hamas military Wing Chief
Muhammad Dave the secretive Mastermind
of the assault on Israel Hamas gunman
went on an hours long Rampage on
Saturday after breaching the fence
around Gaza scores of Israelis and other
from abroad were taken to Gaza as
hostages some paraded through through
the streets Palestinian officials say
retaliatory strikes on Gaza have killed
more than a thousand
people Hamas armed Wing the Elan
brigades said it was still fighting
inside Israel on
Wednesday in another sign of the crisis
widening Israeli shelling hit Southern
Lebanese towns after rocket attacks by
the powerful arm group Hezbollah which
is backed by
Iran
countries including Fiji South Korea
Denmark the Czech Republic and Canada
scramble to evacuate citizens from
Israel many stranded after major
airlines cancelled
[Music]
flights