Iran's supreme leader Ali K has led Eid
prayers in tran he used his speech to
call for retaliation against Israel for
its attack on the Iranian consulate
building in Syria senior military
commanders were killed in that attack on
April 1st well for all let's speak to
our correspondent DSA Jabari she's in
the Iranian Capital Teran for us DSA
seemingly a declaration of Vengeance on
this religious holiday
there certainly Anastasia the supreme
leader used the occasion to deliver
accusations threats and warnings to
Israel Ali K uh spoke at mosala mosque
here in tan following Eid prayers and he
used the opportunity to highlight uh two
crimes he said that has been committed
by uh Israeli forces and uh officials he
said that the Bloodshed that continued
over the holy month of Ramadan has left
a bitter um Eid for Muslims around the
world he also said that the Western
countries not only have not done
anything to to stop the massacre of
gazin but they've also aided the
occupying power and the second crime he
accused Israel of was the strike that
was carried out in Damascus on April 1st
which killed seven revolutionary guard
officials uh he had the following to say
on
that the wicked Zionist regime made
another mistake and staged an attack on
Iran's consulate which means an attack
on the country's soil a viol ation of
international Norm it made a mistake and
the regime needs to be punished and will
be
punished so the question now is clearly
Iran has to respond when and how remains
to be seen But the commander-in-chief of
the country's Armed Forces made it very
clear that Israel has attacked Iran on
its own soil by that strike in Damascus
on April 1st we waiting to see how and
when Iran will respond it is no longer a
question of if but rather when dorsa
Jabari there with the latest for us from
Teran thank you
dorsa make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz