yes he has been discreet uh he he said
to the Press yesterday that this meeting
was between him and Hamas uh in other
words he was telling the press to keep
out of it uh look turkey is a big player
in this region uh it has an enormous
Army is playing a role in every conflict
in the region uh he is supplying
military drones to Ukraine he supplied
drones to aeran during its conflict with
Armenia he is supplying military
advisors to Libya and in Gaza he is
supplying Aid to the Palestinians via
Egypt uh so erdogan wants to know
hamas's latest position on ceasefire
talks and uh the release of the Israeli
hostages that Hamas is holding uh he
will also want to be sounding Out hania
on the aid uh that the Palestinians need
and perhaps even talking about uh
postconflict reconstruction of Gaza
hania for his side um he knows that
erdogan has a voice in Washington and
London and he wants to fill erdogan in
he knows that turkey support is
important to Hamas in the Muslim
world and Jasper Qatar and Egypt have
really been the main mediators between
Israel and Hamas though Qatar recently
indicated it would take a step back is
there any chance turkey could step in
and fill in that
Gap no chance whatsoever uh turkey has
burnt its bridges with Israel the two
countries have recalled their
ambassadors from each other's capitals
over this um uh Gaza conflict uh uh just
on Wednesday um president erdogan uh
likened Israel's conduct in Gaza uh to
that of Nazi Germany uh so uh there's no
chance that turkey could win the trust
of is Israel which is necessary to be uh
a
mediator um you know I I think although
uh Qatar wants to pull back now um Qatar
and Egypt are still faren away the uh
two countries uh that have the best
chances of mediating between Israel and
Hamas