covering the story on both sides of the
border with Egypt the Egyptian writer
MWI she joins me now from the pal the
Egyptian side of the Rafa border
crossing sorry mirina uh you are you've
been there all day trying to get Aid in
what are you seeing on your
end I've been here for the past two days
uh where we wait every day at the border
and for the border to be open for Theo
to be
over but um every time the Israeli
occupation keeps bobbing the Rapa
Crossing from the Palestinian side so it
makes it harder for the aid to be
delivered toaza and the Palestinians
every day we get very hopeful that
tomorrow we can deliver the humanitarian
a to the
Palestinians and nothing
happen is that the main issue then
bombing on
the I was today talking to
of the the red cres and Palestinian red
CRS the situation in Gaza is a disaster
people need medications people need food
there is no water and I I have no idea
I'm talking to you now like not as the
writer not as anyone but a human being
who wants to help those in need in Gaza
I'm I'm standing at the borders every
day and I can hear the bombings on the
iians and on Gaza people I saw today
with my own eyes the bombings on Gaza I
saw I I am seeing people suffering on
the other side three kilometers away
from me and I I can't help
them and there's an issue as well I
think politically there's an issue
politically as well with on the Egyptian
side uh perhaps unwilling to open the
Border without uh you know some
assurances about the security situation
can you talk to
that is open and is safe it's all about
the the the road from the Egyptian side
from
theing until Gaza because the Israeli
occupation do not stop bombing they even
bombed today the Palestinian side
of how can the aid delivery to the phes
and to Gaza if they keep bombing the The
Crossing we are risking the lives of the
D the humanitarian Aid that we we've
been dealing with and providing for the
Palestinians thank you very much sorry I
the line is the line is tricky but thank
you thank you for your
time hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the News
YouTube channel if you'd like to get
more videos show highlights and watch
live event coverage click on the right
over here to subscribe to our Channel
and don't forget to download the ABC
News app for breaking news alerts thanks
for
watching