[Music]
israel's tight control over gaza has cut
millions of palestinians off from the
rest of the world
but they're looking for new ways to
reach out and share their stories
i think there's a lot of hope for the
great march of return in bringing the
palestinian cause to the whole world
nine months of weekly protests have made
headlines
but the international media gazans say
focuses on death tolls or the number of
people injured
one group of media makers wants to
change that we are not numbers records
the stories of other palestinians there
and shares them on social media
they say each one is a window into the
lives of the two million people trapped
on a 51 kilometer long strip of land
beauty of the sea we tend to write
stories about the life of gaza and to
write about the full complexity of life
in gaza the struggling the suffocation
of life in gaza strip not only this but
also we're writing about the life in
gaza the joy of children the happiness
and we're trying to document and to
reflect the life of the gazans as it is
the project was founded three years ago
by a u.s journalist and the euro
mediterranean human rights monitor and
it mentors and trains the young writers
and editors who've published more than
60 videos with the project they've been
interviewing families that have joined
in the great march of return the group
says they want to record the lives of
the people who protest
not just their killings we're writing
about their death that everybody's
ignoring but we also write about how
they lived
who they loved and were writing about
their family and their pains after
losing them
their losses many gazans can relate to
and can now share with the world on
their own terms
sarah balter trt world
[Music]