the Israel Hamas war that began with the
Hamas raid on Israel on the 7th of
October 2023 completes 6 months of
Sunday on Sunday much of the PED strip
has been leveled by Israeli bombardments
the destruction displacement and the
humanitarian crisis had sent shock waves
across the world take a look at our next
report focusing on The Battered economy
of the
region this mattress embedding makers in
Northern Gaza employed 10 people and
made a decent living for its owner
Muhammad asafi until it was destroyed by
an Israeli raid today selfie depends on
Aid to survive if he can find any his
ruined Factory in jabalia refugee camp
is just a snapshot of the damage
Israel's assault has done to the economy
of Gaza over the last 6 months a life's
work was wiped out in a day he says the
commercial losses in numbers you can say
that all our money in 30 years that we
worked for for 30 years was lost in one
day Sal A's mobile phone shop in jabalia
employed six people before the war this
is what it looks like now he says about
120 people were killed in the strike
that demolished the building in the
first days of the war even before the
conflict Gaza struggled long blockaded
by Israel unemployment was among the
highest in the world but the economic
shock inflicted by the latest war is one
of the largest observed in recent
history the World Bank and the United
Nations said in a recent report as of
January 3 first it said The Enclave had
suffered some $8.5 billion of damage to
critical infrastructure equal to 97% of
the GDP in 2022 of Gaza and the West
Bank Raba a father of five says he now
resorts to borrowing to meet his
family's
needs my children used to go to
educational centers and they used to
have fun life was normal and we didn't
need anyone until this disaster happened
and we were bombed and our place was
bombed
our source of livelihood was
destroyed the international labor
organization says 90% of jobs have been
lost in gaza's private sector in the six
months since the war erupted after
hamas's attack on Israel on October 7th
most gazin have been made homeless at
least
once for latest news download the Von
app And subscribe to our YouTube channel