in the middle of this horrible situation
Hamas uh and the IDF the Israeli Army
are essentially blaming each other for
what's happening uh the Israeli Army
says that Hamas is
controlling uh many of the uh parts of
management at the hospital and that
Israel dropped uh 300 lers of fuel on
the premises yesterday and essentially
Hamas is preventing the hospital from
taking that fuel and using it um and
Hamas issuing a statement late last
night saying they have nothing to do
with the management at the hospital uh
and that you know this is a a lie
perpetrated uh by Israel now it has to
be said that 300 lers of fuel is not
much uh it probably wouldn't even you
know get the the hospital going for one
hour um but Israel claims that uh Hamas
has plenty of fuel that it has
stockpiled inside the Gaza Strip and
that if it wanted to could easily help
the
hospital reboot and restart um but we
have to remember alifa Hospital
according to the Israelis is one of the
headquarters of Hamas it is where Israel
believes hamas's top leaders even
perhaps some of the hostages are hiding
uh it believes there are bunkers and
other facilities that Hamas is using not
only to shelter uh its commanders but
also to store weapons and it is one of
the main uh military targets
uh and Israel uh it appears would much
prefer to evacuate all of the sick
patients from the hospital um but it
claims that Hamas is preventing that now
Israel did open one evacuation route
yesterday on the Eastern side of the
hospital that would lead South um but it
appears that uh very few people used
that uh exit because they feared uh for
their lives there is intense combat
raging uh around the hospital and even
in dangering the lives of the few
thousand civilians who are Sheltering in
that compound that just haven't left yet