the US has announced the creation of a
multinational force that will Patrol the
Red Sea at least a dozen International
Shipping Lines have suspended operations
in the Red Sea because of attacks from
Yemen's houthi Rebels the Iranian backed
houthi Rebels have used drones and
missiles to attack commercial ships and
important trade
routes earlier this month National
Security advisor Jake Selvin announced
that the United States would rally the
International Community to address in
the increasing threat posed by Hy tax on
shipping in the Red Sea yesterday less
than two weeks since Jake was right here
at this Podium the Department of Defense
announced operation Prosperity guardian
and the formation of an International
Coalition of countries to counter these
threats now ships and aircraft for
multiple nations are and will continue
to join the United States in conducting
Maritime surveillance and taking
defensive action as appropriate to
protect commercial ships from the threat
posed by the houthis the United States
and the world's largest flag States for
commercial vessels transiting the Red
Sea also issued a joint statement
condemning in the strongest terms the
threats in the acts by the houthis this
joint statement has 44 signatories
including NATO the entire EU and G7 as
well as Australia Canada Bahamas Malta
New Zealand Singapore and Yemen B bottom
line is these attacks have to stop they
need to stop they're unacceptable uh the
United States our allies and our
partners will'll do what we have to do
to counter these threats and to protect
these
ships is necessary in in the Red Sea is
to make sure that shipping can keep
moving can keep delivering oil can keep
delivering goods and so this Maritime
task force that is being set up is
looking for partners to help to allow
that to happen and Britain is going to
be one of those partners and I think
Italy is going to be one of those
Partners too for ourselves we'll be um
lending uh some of our ships to that um
uh to that task and I think it's very
important that um there's a very clear
message to the the huis in Yemen who've
been launching all these attacks that
you know these attacks will not be
tolerated and we will defend ourselves
against them and it's very important
that shipping keeps
moving
for