the M the Israel Gaza War Israel has
taken a step against tamas where the
Israeli police have now freezed the
cryptocurrency accounts allegedly used
by the Hamas group the cyber division of
the Israeli police laav 433 has blocked
cryptocurrency accounts that they claim
are associated with Hamas their primary
objective is to identify and also to
incapacitate cryptocurrency
infrastructure susceptible to
exploitation by
Hamas the palestine's most prominent
militant group group Hamas has launched
a fundraising campaign on various social
media platforms encouraging the public
to deposit cryptocurrencies into their
accounts Israel and the cryptocurrency
exchange binance have worked together to
find and terminate these accounts laav
433 has also collaborated with the
United Kingdom to Halt access to the
Bay's bank account a Bay's bank account
in the United Kingdom was being directly
referred by the Hamas for donations any
farmes by the Israeli police are going
to be used by the Israeli National
treasury now the Israeli authorities had
previously frozen 189 cryptocurrency
accounts of binance for their links to
Palestinian and other groups in the
region in fact just a couple of years
ago India had made an unexpected
Revelation related to the Hamas linked
crypto accounts the Delhi police saell
had busted scam scamsters who allegedly
had stolen cryptocurrency from an Indian
businessman and then had transferred the
money to the crypto wallets of alasam
Brigade which is the military wing of
Hamas the cryptocurrency is worth 4
CR is is is a big chunk of the uh a huge
amount of people in India remember have
invested in cryptocurrencies and it
remains to be seen as to how much of the
cryptocurrency which is now being frozen
in fact belongs to Hamas Von is now
available in your country download the
app now and get all the news on the move