in hope in pray we here a rare protest
inside an empty un Security Council
chamber a group rabbis for peace which
represents about 200 US rabbis sang
chanted and made speeches in support of
a ceasefire in Gaza to pray for
compassion and mercy and to honor our
life un security officers arrived and
then escorted the group who'd been on a
tour of un headquarters out of the
building what we are here to say to
President Biden and to the US ambassador
to the United Nations is you do not
speak for the Jewish community in in in
blocking this call for ceasefire some of
the rabbis also made their presence
known at the UN General Assembly which
unlike the security Council was in
session the assembly meeting was
triggered because at the end of last
year the US used its veto to block an
amendment to a security Council
resolution that that would have demanded
a ceasefire in Gaza it would be good if
there was a strong International voice
pressing hamas's leaders to do what is
necessary to end the conflict that they
set in motion on October 7th in a fiery
speech the Israeli Ambassador attacked
the UN itself you don't have the courage
sadly to combat Terror and radicalism
you don't have the resolve to truly care
about human rights to fight for women
fight for children or fight for the
hostages this from the representative of
a country whose Army has killed well
over 20,000 Palestinians about half of
them children this assault is without
precedent in modern history in the scale
and pace of killing of
children of un
Personnel of medical and rescue teams of
journalists in a busy week here at the
UN the Security Council will meet twice
in the coming days to discuss the
situation in Gaza James Bay Al jazer at
the United
Nations make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer