the Palestinian militant group Hamas has
launched the biggest attack on Israel in
years now the surprise assault that
combined gunmen Crossing into several
Israeli towns also witnessed a heavy
barrage of rockets fired from the Gaza
Strip since then leaders from around the
world have reacted to the attack
beginning with the US here's what came
in the white house condemned the
appalling Hamas terrorist attacks in
Israel the statement further added that
the president will continue to receive
updates while the White House officials
remain in close contact with Israeli
Partners next up take let's take a look
at what UK had to say the UK also
criticized the attack by Hamas Britain's
prime minister Rishi sonak took to X and
said that Israel has all the right to
defend itself and added that the British
authorities were in contact with Israeli
officials for regular updates reacting
to the developments Indian Prime
Minister Narendra Modi said that he was
quote unquote deeply shocked by by the
news of terrorist attacks in Israel he
further said that India stood in
solidarity with
Israel let's take a look at what the
Ukrainian president had to say Vladimir
zilinsky condemned what he called a
terror attack on Israel and said
Israel's right to defend itself cannot
be doubted he further called on world
leaders to show solidarity and unity in
supporting Israel and condemning the
attack by Palestinian islamist group
Hamas
[Music]
more reactions came in this time from
the French President Emanuel macron
alongside Canadian Prime Minister Justin
rudo they both condemned the terrorist
attacks on Israel both leaders took two
x and showed their support now while the
world showed maximum support for Israel
here was Iran which congratulated
Palestinian Fighters for launching the
biggest attack an adviser to Iran's
supreme leader said that Iran stands by
the Palestinian Fighters until the
liberation of Palestine and Jerusalem
earlier this week the Iranian supreme
leader during the Islamic Unity
conference said that normalizing ties
with Israel is like betting on a losing
[Music]
horse
[Music]
for