meanwhile Israel said on Monday that 11
more hostages released in the Gaza Strip
had arrived safely the move came hours
after the announcement that a truce
between Israel and Hamas will be
extended by two more days while opening
the way for further releases shortly
after the arrival of the hostages was
confirmed Israel's prison authorities
said that 33 Palestinian inmates had
also been released the freed Israelis
are dual Nationals of France Germany and
Argentina according to K which has
helped mediate the
deal now most Gaza residents have been
displaced and the whole territory is
shorten Essentials such as food water
and medical supplies the chief of the
United Nations hailed all these
developments take
list it's a glimpse of Hope and Humanity
in the middle of the darkness of war and
I strongly hope that this will enable us
to increase even more the humanitarian
Aid to the people in Gaza that is
suffering so much knowing that uh even
with that additional amount of time it
will be impossible to satisfy all the
dramatic needs of the population in
Gaza German foreign minister welcomed
the release of the hostages including
two
teenagers US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin will pay his third wartime visit
to West Asia this week a senior said
that the top us Diplomat would meet with
Israeli Prime Minister Nathan yahu in
Tela and also with the Palestinian
president mmud
Abbas Qatar with the support of the US
and Egypt it has engaged in intense
negotiations to establish and prolong
the truce in
Gaza Hamas which runs Gaza and triggered
the wall when its militants made an
attack on Israel last month said it was
drawing up a new list of hostages for
further release the White House welcomed
the agreement to extend the truce as
well here's what the US National
Security Council spokesperson said take
a
listen the humanitarian pause has
already brought a halt to the fighting
together with a surge of humanitarian
assistance we would of course hope to
see the pause extended further and that
will depend upon Hamas continuing to
release
hostages jezelle burel EU top foreign
policy official had called for the pause
to be prolonged to make it sustainable
while working for a solution the tearful
reunions of families and hostages have
brought relief from images of Civilian
death and suffering in the S we old
war