they make their way through the sand
dunes heading towards the Mediterranean
Sea they're looking for safety in Gaza
they hope they find it here this is Al
moazi a bedwin settlement in the
southern corner of the Gaza Strip in
reality it's a Barren Wilderness a kilm
wide and 14 km long but it's here the
Israeli Defense Forces have said up to 2
million people should move as the
restarting of the Gaza War seems
inevitable some have arrived building
makeshift shelters that flap in the
winds these homes are built on Sand
there are no
floors it already seems
overcrowded not everyone is here yet and
the situation is already catastrophic
let alone if they bring everybody here
then there will be a huge catastrophe I
swear to God already so many old people
have died of diseases they just couldn't
survive in this region though nothing is
easy in Jerusalem mainly young women
took to the street waving flags and
holding up banners saying Israel Stands
Strong it follows a terror attack on a
bus que two Hamas members killed three
and injured five in a gun
attack well there's a long history of
apparently random terrorist attacks on
locations in Israel but is and bus stops
and this has been hit many times in the
past at all link to tensions in the West
Bank but now also the war in Gaza and
there is every expectation in Israel
that will be more attacks like this one
the Hamas link to this attack is
evidence enough for the government here
that Hamas can't be allowed to exist
it's unclear what effective any it'll
have on the ceasefire
negotiations this is the same Hamas this
is the same Hamas that carried out the
terrible Massacre on October the 7th the
same Hamas that tries to murder us
everywhere for now at least the Handover
of Israeli hostages and the exchange
with Palestinian Prisoners has kept the
ceasefire alive negotiations are ongoing
for it to
continue the United States Secretary of
State is in the region visiting the West
Bank and holding talks with the Israeli
leadership it's all about the ceasefire
and talking to Israel about the next
phase of the
war for the people of Gaza a week of
rest fite has allowed them to draw
breath but short of an unexpected and
highly unlikely settlement this war is
set to
continue St Ramsey Sky News Israel