Iran's foreign minister Amir Hussein
abdan has warned that Israel will bear
the responsibility for the consequences
following an attack on the Iranian
Embassy in Damascus Syria during a
telephone conversation with his Syrian
counterpart fazel mcdad Abdul Yan
criticized Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu stating that
Netanyahu has completely lost his mental
balance due to successive failures in
Gaza and not achieving his goals he
condemned the attack as a violation of
international obligations and
conventions urging a serious response
from the International Community megdad
also accured Abdul Yan's sentiment
labeling the incident as a gross
violation of international regulations
especially the convention on diplomatic
relations as of now Israel is yet to
comment on the attack but the suspected
Israeli war planes targeted Iran's
Embassy in Syria early Monday escalating
tension in the conflict involving Iran
and Israel the strike in damascus's Mesa
District resulted in the death of seven
military advisers including three high
ranking commanders according to tan
locals at the scene observed emergency
responders sifting through the rebel of
a building within the embassy compound
adjacent to the main structure Syria's
foreign minister Fel magad and interior
Minister visited the site condemning the
atrocious terrorist attack and the loss
of innocent lives furthermore Iran's
ambassador to Syria Hussein akbari also
deported 5 to eight fatalities including
Diplomat and promised harsh response
from tan but this attack has come as a
big loss for Iran why do we say so
because the Revolutionary gods have
confirmed the death of seven military
advisers in the strike including
Muhammad RZA zahedi a senior commander
of the irgc's goods Force among the
deceased for those who don't know zahedi
has been a military adviser in C and had
led the goods force in Lebanon and Syria
until 2016 and so this loss has come as
a big shocker for
[Music]
Iraq