he still hasn't disclosed a date but
Israeli Prime Minister Benyamin
Netanyahu told new military recruits
that Israel would go ahead with its
assault of gaza's southern city of Rafa
despite the international pleas to
refrain we will complete the elimination
of the Hamas battalions including in
Rafa there's no force in the world that
will stop us in the meantime Israeli
forces have stepped up bombardments on
Rafa where it says four Hamas battalions
are hiding the Army says it's buying
40,000 tents ahead of an evacuation of
the city which is currently home to 1.5
million Palestinians most of whom are
displaced from other parts of Gaza it
comes after the leaders of France Egypt
and Jordan warned in a joint editorial
published in several newspapers that
such an offensive will only bring more
death and suffering heighten the risks
and consequences of mass forcible
displacement of the people of Gaza and
threaten Regional escalation
they urged an immediate ceasefire that
Hass release all hostages and a massive
increase in Aid being allowed into Gaza
if the latter is not met the French
foreign minister told France 24 that
sanctions could be imposed on
Israel there are many ways to use our
influence and the most effective way is
with sanctions France was the first
country in Europe to propose sanctions
against violent settlers in the West
Bank we will continue if
necessary meanwhile International
efforts to broker a ceasefire are
continuing in Cairo Hamas said a new
Israeli proposal fell short of its
demands the militant group wants an end
to Israel's offensive and the full
withdrawal of Israeli forces Israel is
pushing for a plan that would pause
fighting for 6 weeks and swap
Palestinian prisoners for Israeli
hostages but has said it will not stop
fighting before defeating
Hamas