Israeli forces have officially withdrawn
from al-shifa hospital in Gaza City
after a two week long operation the
Israeli military announced this
withdrawal today leaving behind a scene
of Devastation with destroyed buildings
and bodies of Palestinians scattered
across the complex hundreds of residents
rush to the area surrounding Gaza
strip's largest hospital to assess the
damage to the neighboring residential
districts this follows intense fighting
between Israeli forces and the
Palestinian Hamas Group which governs
Gaza the Israeli military claimed to
have targeted and neutralized hundreds
of gunmen in clashes near the hospital
area they also stated that They seized
weaponry and intelligence documents
during the operation however Hamas
officials and medical staff deny any
armed presence of Palestinian Fighters
within Hospital premises officials from
gaza's civil emergency service reported
disturbing actions by Israeli forces
alleging that two individuals were
executed at the hospital complex and
bulldozers were used to disturb the
grounds including exu in bed bodies
footage circulating on social media
though not yet verified depicted
distressing scenes of dead Palestinians
amidst the rubble of the hospital many
of the hospitals outer walls were
missing and surrounding buildings were
either flattened or burnt down meanwhile
the Israel military defended its
operations stating that they aimed to
conduct The Sweep while minimizing harm
to civilians patients and medical teams
in a separate development tens of
thousands of Israelis gathered outside
the Parliament building in Jerusalem for
the largest anti-government
demonstration since the country went to
war in October last year protesters
demanded government action to secure the
release of hostages held by Hamas and
Gaza protesters have vowed to continue
the demonstration and are calling for
new elections nearly 2 years ahead of
schedule