this evening we are releasing a footage
of the mass murder and Mastermind behind
the Kamas Massacre of October 7th
sinir this video is one of many that we
have obtained since October 7th sinir
started a war with Israel a war that
Israel did not seek a war that has
caused immense suffering to Israelis and
Palestinians alike
while the people of Gaza are suffering
above ground sinir is hiding in tunnels
under ground underneath them running
like the coward that he is with one of
his wives and children and his brother
leading the the way Kamas leaders care
about their own families and money they
don't care about anything else yir is
only interested in in his own Survival
at the expense of the people of Gaza
this video filmed in Kan yunes is one of
many Hamas has been compromised Hamas
will be
dismantled and Hamas leaders wherever
they're hiding should
know they're unborrowed
time we will continue doing everything
in our power to fulfill our mission free
hostages from Kamas and free Gaza from
Kamas thank you this evening we are
releasing a footage of the mass murder
and Mastermind behind the Hamas Massacre
of October
7th this video is one of many that we
have obtained since October 7th sinir
started a war with Israel a war that
Israel did not seek a a war that has
caused immense suffering to Israelis and
Palestinians
alike while the people of Gaza are
suffering above ground sinir is hiding
in tunnels underground underneath them
running like the coward that he is with
one of his wives and children and his
brother leading the the way Hamas
leaders care about their own families
and money they don't care about anything
else is only interested in his own
Survival at the expense of the people of
Gaza this video filmed in kanun is one
of many Hamas has been compromised Hamas
will be
dismantled and Hamas leaders wherever
they're hiding should
know they're on borrowed time
we will continue doing everything in our
power to fulfill our mission free our
hostages from Kamas and free Gaza from
Kamas thank you