this footage released by the IDF claims
to show Israeli soldiers in Han Unis
where the Army has focused its offensive
in recent weeks the military now looks
set to push its war in Gaza further
south on Thursday defense minister yav
Galant said that troops had dismantled
the heras Brigade in the city and were
ready to move to Rafa on the enclaved
southern border we are completing the
mission in Han Yunis and we will also
reach Rafa and we will eliminate anyone
who's there who's a terrorist who to
attack us they have 10,000 eliminated
terrorists and another 10,000 terrorists
who are wounded and not functioning this
is a serious blow that eroses hamas's
abilities the fighting continues to take
a heavy toll on civilians many have lost
their homes following Israeli air
strikes on the city which sheltered
hundreds of thousands of displaced
garans after Israel's Army told them to
evacuate from the
north it looks like an earthquake hid
the air area there are no signs of life
or of the houses all the houses are on
top of each other no one can situate
where their homes
were further south displaced civilians
continue to pour into Rafa near the
Egyptian border more than half of the
enclaves 2.3 million people are
Sheltering in the area in dire
conditions the water's not clean we
struggle to use
it the children are catching diseases
and spreading it to others they are
filled hospitals and they can't keep up
there are diseases covid-19 is back and
spread everywhere and the deepening
humanitarian crisis could grow even
worse as the UN Agency for Palestinians
said it could be forced to close by the
end of the month it comes after several
leading donor countri suspended funding
to the agency after allegations from
Israel that several of its staff were
involved in the October the 7th Hamas
attack