[Music]
the clock is
ticking the pause in fighting is set to
last for 4 days and Aid groups
understand they need to act fast as
lives are at
risk for nearly 7 weeks in Gaza
Palestinians have been struggling in
horrific
conditions conditions so extreme kids
risk jumping onto a moving truck just to
snag some water we proceed on the basis
of the hope and the expectation that we
will reach people in need where they
are um whether that happens obviously I
cannot tell you
now everything from blankets to gas for
cooking is needed in the war torn
Enclave the UN says more than 80% of the
population has been displaced and the
medical system has collapsed
the facilities still open have too many
patients and few supplies even with the
PA and fighting medical staff didn't get
a break the Associated Press reports two
people were fatally shot Friday and 11
wounded individuals were rushed to a
hospital in southern
Gaza I was returning to the north when
they said there was a truce and they
started shooting at us that is what
happened to me Israeli officials
reportedly dropped letters ahead of the
pus and fighting telling Palestinians
the war was not over they should not try
to return to the north people however
are desperate to go home hoping they say
to find a change of clothes check on
loved ones or honor their
dead there is no life no food we can't
find a loaf of bread we don't know what
to do anymore we feel silly just walking
in the street well some people did try
to head north back to their homes others
went South to safer locations as
instructed by Israeli officials as for
the aid that got into Gaza today un
officials are calling it the biggest
humanitarian Convoy delivery since
October 7th now for context 4 to 500
trucks used to make deliveries daily