major gentle the symbolism of the timing
of the attack is something that everyone
has been talking about several people
have said that this has brought back
memories of the yam kipor war that
started 50 years ago and in some ways
reset this whole equation in West Asia
so clearly this attack was well planned
um on the Hamas side and it was very
different from what has happened in the
past so who is supporting Hamas and all
of this who are the
beneficiaries okay two questions you you
said that it's very similar to your keep
War
ER I fully agree there is so many
similarities a Hool day a leadership
that remoted from reality military that
is not ready intelligence which is not
giving the early warning and er we are
now on the fourth day of the fight of
the war and remember youro war was 18
days this can be even longer and it just
stting what Israel was able to do in the
last three days is to kill all the
terrorists all the terrorists that came
to Israel hundreds of them another
thousands of them on the fence on the
Gaza side those who want to
inform to come to Israel in the second
and the third night in this case the
Israeli Air Force was very effective and
we are now rebuilding and blocking
defense so this is the the time of
Defense but we are moving to an attack
and Israel decided that Hamas and his
military power will not be in Gaza after
the end of the operation because
according to the oso Accord ER
Palestinian state or Palestinian
Authority entity near Israel will not be
materialized it will be without a
military and unfortunately the Netanyahu
government gave Hamas the opportunity to
build a military in Gaza this should be
changed right on your question who is
supporting Hamas yes Hamas is part of
the bad guys in the Middle East it's
Iran it's
a Syria kisala the htis in Yemen and so
is Hamas Hamas is not 100% an Iranian
proxy but they are getting a lot of
Iranian money Iranian weapon and this is
the time to look at Hamas as if it is
Isis they behave like Isis in a way
Isis is not as cruel as
Hamas so how they treat young women
they raped them they killed them Isis
haven't done that so Hamas is now to be
erated and
destroyed right