Urban Warfare in the Gaza Strip the
Israel Defense Forces released videos
said to show troops fighting door too in
the city of Kan yunes in the Gaza Strip
vaa cannot independently verify the
dates or locations of the video its
release follows a weekend where dozens
of Palestinians died in Israeli air
strikes and artillery fire according to
local Health officials
the situation in Gaza is dire say health
and Aid workers who've been there they
will tell you that the situation has
deteriorated for a couple of reasons and
we're at the point that we are because
there is a bottleneck there used to be
three entrances into the Gaza Strip
Israel controlled two of them and Egypt
controls one of them now only one out of
the three is partially functioning to
get around those blockades Regional
Partners began dropping Aid packages
from the sky over the weekend and on the
eve of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan
the Jordanian air force over Gaza
dropped pallets filled with flour rice
baby formula and water and the United
States Air Force dropped more than 88
bundles of Aid said to contain nearly
53,000 meals and 23,000 bottles of water
now another planed to deliver Aid to
Gaza is set to begin the United States
Army deployed a vessel from Virginia to
the Mediterranean carrying equip to
build a temporary Pier while it will
likely be weeks with some estimates as
high as 60 days before the pier becomes
operational the plan is to have a
floating base of operations to deliver
Aid to Palestinian territories the
United Nations says a quarter of gaza's
population faces starvation the Hamas
run Health Ministry in Gaza says the
conflict so far killed nearly
31,000 Palestinians a number that does
not sit well with us President Joe Biden
cannot have 30,000 more Palestinians
dead as a consequence of going after
there's other ways to deal to get to to
deal with the with with the trauma
caused by Hamas Biden stopped short of
committing to a red line that Israel
could cross that would stop us support
for its Ally which declared war on Hamas
after its October 7 attack on Israel
that killed 1200 but as Ramadan Begins
for more than 7 2,000 injured
Palestinians any relief by land sea or
air can't come soon enough aasher basadi
vaa
news