with every missile strike on Gaza with
every Palestinian killed or injured the
anger within the International Community
increases but the White House's support
for Israel's war against Hamas remains
Rock Solid the Americans have dismissed
calls for a ceasefire insisting that
would only benefit herass and they
acknowledge that further civilian
casualties are inevitable this is War it
is combat it is bloody it is ugly and
it's going to be messy and innocent
civilians are going to be hurt going
forward I wish I could tell you
something different I wish that that
wasn't going to happen but the US is
supporting calls for a humanitarian pors
to allow desperately needed Aid into
Gaza and there are signs of a shift in
tone from the administration with what
were private appeals for restraint now
being made openly Hamas this brutal
terrorist organization that conducted
the attack is hiding behind the civilian
population which puts an added burden on
Israel uh to differentiate between the
terrorists and innocent civilians but it
doesn't lessen their responsibility
under International humanitarian law and
the laws of War uh to do all in their
power to protect the civilian population
there are reports that some officials in
the US state department in particular
have become increasingly disillusioned
with President Joe Biden's unequivocal
support for Israel it's a decision made
by the closest group around Biden but
the state department and a lot of the
younger people in defense department of
the Armed Forces they don't like the
smell of this
thing despite regular protests against
the attacks on Gaza opinion polls
indicate a majority of the American
public backs us support for
Israel but if that changes the Biden
Administration mindful of next year's
elections might Under Pressure to take a
far more critical stance John brain trt
World Washington