and huz you will
see that palese will be bringing in 2024
with chance for freedom for Palestinians
the fireworks still light up the Boston
sky but protesters say the mood is
anything but celebratory no celebration
when genocide is going on and it's very
important on this first night of 2024
and then we let our electives know this
is just going to keep going across the
Atlantic the chance may sound different
but the sentiment is the same swedes
carried with them small mock coffins
representing the disproportionate number
of children killed in Israel's Onslaught
many here also calling for a ceasefire
in the Arab world calls to hold Israel
to account grew stronger Jordanian
protesters said it was impossible to
feel festive whilst Gins were being
slaughtered only a few miles away and
for people in Lebanon that distance is
even shorter
shorter we're in Beirut responding to a
global call from our people in Palestine
to demonstrate demand and exert pressure
to stop the genocide committed by the
Israeli occupation Army against our
people in Gaza and its aggression on
Southern Lebanon and in turkia
protesters said they came out to fight
all forms of Injustice isites took to
the streets by the thousands this New
Year's Day standing in solidarity with
the people of Gaza and standing against
pkk terrorism which last week claimed
the lives of 12 Turkish soldiers their
only resolution for 2024 is peace and
hope for a brighter year
ahead more than 250,000 people gathered
here and stood in unity now what is
incumbent upon us is to continue this
stce to continue this boycott to
continue our prayers for our Palestinian
brothers and sisters and to shout to the
whole world that the perpetrators of our
counterterrorism Mars are the same as
the murderers in Palestine
but even as calls for a ceasefire grow
the chances of Israel halting its
bombardment seem Slimmer than ever
meaning for the people of Gaza 2024
could be the grimmest year yet Priyanka
naani trt World
Istanbul