thousands are protesting in Israel
calling on the government to end
military service exceptions for the
ultra Orthodox the people say all
Israelis need to be treated the same for
decades now the ultra Orthodox group has
been largely Exempted on religious
grounds but the government is now
seeking to change
that
[Music]
there is a raging protest going on in
Israel it's not about the hostages or
Netanyahu staying in office but over the
military conscription of ultra Orthodox
Jews Ultra Orthodox Israelis have long
held a privileged position in that
Society their religious schools get
generous government subsidies and yet
the young men are in all practical terms
Exempted from mandatory military service
that exemption has bothered Israeli
Society since its
founding the Supreme Court in 2018
voided a law waving the draft for Ultra
Orthodox men it cited a need for the
burden of military service to be shared
across Israeli
Society but those belonging to the
section of the Israeli Society found
their way to work work around the rules
this has prompted widespread anger and
resentment from the secular
[Music]
majority the Israeli government now
faces an end of March Court imposed
deadline this to pass new legislation
that either regulates or ends the draft
exemptions the government plans to
extend service terms for enlisted troops
this as they face Manpower strains
brought on by the war in Gaza and
fighting in the north the war has now
reignited the irie over the free pass
granted to this specific part of Israeli
Society to defense minister Gallant we
are saying from here that the equation
is not making our military service
longer in exchange for an outline of a
recruitment plan for the ultra Orthodox
we want the ultra Orthodox in the Army
now
no delays no politics and no
tricks but Ultra Orthodox parties which
is a key Coalition partner of prime
minister Benin Netanyahu hope to
continue the system of exemptions and
also their support is what BB needs to
stay in
[Applause]
[Music]
power