now as far as uh The Counter Strike that
is now being done by the Israeli Defense
Forces in detail let's understand from
the idea spokesperson who provides a
situational update on all fronts as the
war against Hamas continues also adding
that over 1200 Israeli citizens have
unfortunately lost their lives and over
2700 have been wounded and this number
could eventually go
up 1,00 2 200 dead Israelis I'll repeat
that number because it is unimaginable
1,200 dead Israelis the overwhelming
majority of them
civilians and more than
2,700 wounded and
sadly uh something tells me that these
numbers are not the final numbers
interational media today was granted
access to a small and what used to be
beautiful kibutz Northeast of the Gaza
Strip the kibuts is called karaza and
I'll show you on this map here exactly
where karaza is and how close it is to
the Gaza stream we've zoomed in on the
area this is the Gaza Strip the
northeastern part of U of Gaza we have
Gaza City here and then on this side of
the border is Israel and we'll zoom in
on this community here this is the
community of Kar AA a little kibuts and
as you can see quite close a few minutes
running distance from the border to
karaza and today the international media
went in here and saw the Carnage and
destruction that
Hamas terrorist left behind in this
Village well the detailed update as it
is also being shared by the
spokesperson
Defense Force
off
is
dis
absolutely Stone warning that was given
by Benjamin saying that it was started
by Hamas but it will be Israel that
finishes off this war and even as Hamas
needles Israel by by firing backto back
missiles and ashalon or rocket sharpnel
is now becoming a common site in the
area prompting citizens to seek refuge
in safe rooms located in the basement
floors of the building this is a report
that pradep himself has filed let's take
a
look