following nearly six months of
unrelenting Israeli assault on occupied
Gaza it is my Solem duty to report on
the worst of what humanity is capable of
and to present my finding the anatomy of
a
genocide in this assault the sixth and
most egregious in 16 years Israel has
killed more than 30,000 Palestinians
including 30 ,000 children more than the
children killed in all conflicts
worldwide in four previous years I find
that there are reasonable grounds to
believe that the threshold indicating
the commission of the crime of genocide
against Palestinians as a group in Gaz
has been met specifically Israel has
committed three acts of genocide with a
requisite intent causing seriously
serious bodily or mental harm to members
of the group deliberately inflicting on
the group conditions of Life calculated
to bring about its physical destruction
in all or in part the genocide in Gaza
is the most extreme stage of a
long-standing settler Colonial process
ofure of the Native Palestinians the
International Community cannot continue
to ignore that it's Israel's project to
read palestin of Palestinians in
defience of international law and the
world's failure to call Israel to
account that has led to genocide laid
bare in Gaza denial of the reality and
the continuation of Israel's impunity
and exceptionalism is no longer viable
especially in light of yesterday's
binding Security Council
resolution I implore member states to
abide by their obligations which start
with imposing an arms embargo and
sanctions on Israel and so ensure that
the future does not continue to repeat
itself the world now sees the bitter
fruit of the impunity afforded to
Israel