nrod is my twin brother but he's also my
best friend nimod is a normal child like
every other child in the world Nimrod
Cohen is just 19 years old kidnapped by
Hamas October 7th his family has no idea
if he's okay or even alive when you know
your loved one is dead as cruel as it
sounds you know it's the end we don't
know if it's the end or not and when the
day come and we will return if we will
return that's a big question
in what condition physically and
psychologically will return could I have
my boy back as a normal
boy it's a question that you know drills
in your
mind Romy and Yehuda Cohen are in Ottawa
and along with human rights groups are
calling on the Canadian government to do
more magnitsky sanctions whereby We join
our allies in targeting the perpetrators
former Justice Minister Irwin Cotler is
calling on Ottawa to sanction architects
of the October 7th Massacre and list
Iran's revolutionary guard as terrorists
we forget that it is Iranian leadership
that has armed and trained and financed
and incentivized and even celebrated
these Mass atrocities while they worry
about the conditions and torture Nimrod
May face the cohens say Hamas is
inflicting psychological torture on
hostage families
their lives broken we hope that by
telling our personal stories people will
connect and feel us because watching it
on TV maybe at the beginning and now
it's more than 2 months since you know
you see it you feel bad and you keep you
keep on and we want people to remember
this this is our message they are maybe
I hope still alive and we can fight for
them never ends since October 7th it's
been 67 days for Romy it just feels like
one that never ends Abigail Bean Global
News Ottawa