residents of Gaza City packed their
belongings and squeezed into cars or
fled on foot Friday after Israel called
for all civilians in Gaza City roughly 1
million people to leave the city and
head to Southern Gaza within 24 hours
one resident said Israel threw down
leaflets saying everyone had to leave or
be annihilated and he asked why women
and children had to be
terrorized addressing the humanitarian
crisis in Gaza is a priority US
President Joe Biden said during a speech
on the economy in Philadelphia we can't
lose sight of the fact that the
overwhelming majority of Palestinians
had nothing to do with Hamas and hamas's
appalling attacks and they're suffering
as a result as well United Nations
Secretary General Antonio gutes said
Friday that conditions in Gaza have
reached a new low moving more than 1
million people across a densely
populated war zone to a place with no
food water or
accommodation when the entire territory
is under siege is extremely dangerous
and in some cases simply not possible in
Israel Friday us defense secretary Lloyd
Austin demonstrated American solidarity
with Israel after last week's brutal
attacks by Hamas militants that prompted
is Israel to declare war on Hamas some
3,100 people have died this week in
Israel and Gaza Austin told reporters
terrorists like Hamas deliberately
Target
civilians but democracies
don't this is a time for resolve and not
revenge for purpose and not
panic and for security and not
surrender after his visit to Israel
Thursday US Secretary of State Anthony
blinken met with Jordan's King abdalah
and Palestinian president mmud Abbas in
Aman on Friday before traveling on to
Kar he was asked if he was worried that
Israel was retaliating against Hamas in
an emotional response it might later
regret what Israel is doing is not
retaliation what Israel is doing is
defending the lives of its people and as
I said trying to make sure that this
cannot happen again blink said the US is
focused on working with International
organizations and partners in the region
to establish what he called safe zones
for Palestinian civilians what these
safe zones could look like is likely to
be a topic of discussion on Saturday and
Sunday as Lincoln hold talks in Saudi
Arabia the United Arab Emirates and
Egypt Cindy s vaa news
do