we leave you tonight with a new search
for answers to that age-old question is
anyone out there
well an uptick in UFO sightings from
credible witnesses has suddenly got
Washington's attention as CTV's richard
madden reports some of the strange
sightings were caught on tape a close
encounter spotted by a US Air Force
pilot off the coast of Jacksonville
Florida shot in 2015 this video is among
the growing number of UFO sightings in
recent years so much the US military
gave a classified briefing on Capitol
Hill last week titled threats to the
safety and security of our aviators one
of the key takeaways I have is that the
the military and others are taking this
issue seriously which even previous
generations may not have been the case
even u.s. President Donald Trump weighed
in I did have one very brief meeting on
it but people are saying they're seeing
UFOs do I believe it not particularly
the fighter pilot who saw this object
first thought it was a drone but then
noticed it had no visible engine and was
faster than anything he's ever seen that
was one of the most amazing things to us
or at least to me was that these objects
would be out there all day and the
speeds that they are exhibiting as well
as the flight characteristics there's no
platform or really energy source so I'm
aware of that could allow something to
stay in the air as long as these objects
work and it's not just confined to the
US nearly a thousand Canadians reported
UFO sightings last year alone most were
chalked up to low-flying planes drones
or a simple mistake but not all of them
out of the thousand or so sightings a
year about 5% remain unexplained yes and
that 5% doesn't automatically mean
spaceships it simply means these are
cases that are a little more puzzling
than usual and they need a little more
investigation and some of them just
never do get explained the unexplained
skeptics believe could all these secret
military testing on classified missions
it's probably one part of the military
not telling the other part other part of
the military what they're up to for a
good reason
but those fighter pilots say that's not
how it works and are urging further
investigation believing the truth is out
there like Richard Madden CTV News