[Music]
Israeli pilots indulging a large crowd
in Haifa the acrobatics are applauded
Jets breaking the sound barrier is
usually a sign of war but these are
celebrating Israel's independence this
70th anniversary however is overshadowed
by Palestinian anger on Friday more
protests are expected in the Gaza Strip
dozens of demonstrators are already dead
and thousands are injured in violent
confrontations with Israeli soldiers we
are human human not we don't look for a
fight against anybody what shooting
happens and people die I know but you
must you must ask Gaza leaders Hamas why
they demonstrate every every Friday
against Israel Israeli cities are
covered in the national colours they
hide for the moment the divisions in
Israel today
this demonstration near Haifa is held
annually by Arabs who live in Israel
they see themselves as second-class
citizens
independence our nut body because this
state was built actually instead of our
homeland and in the state's insane
cities of Palestinian people and athlete
it was a mixed village of Arabs and Jews
all Arabs were expelled most Israelis
relax with their families on
Independence Day but these Palestinians
are demonstrating to remind everyone
about the Palestinians see as open
discrimination towards them in the State
of Israel they're calling for equality
and they're calling for fairness of the
thousands that came there were more
young people the new generation promised
to keep fighting for the rights lost by
their grandparents we today in Palestine
and the end people didn't forget and
will never forget also we will not
forgive but we just want to tell the
whole world to to remember we want to
give a message to Europe to the United
States and also to the Arab kin but we
are still Palestinians and that we will
come back one day to our lands in parks
and woodland near Haifa as across Israel
friends and families enjoy their
national day but this time of the year
70 years after losing their land and
their homes memories for Palestinians
are more painful yellow up David TRT
world Haifa Israel
[Music]