today our children are writing their
names on their palms in order to be
recognized once the bombs hit their
homes our men are digging Mass Graves to
bury the identified and the
unidentified our women are cleaning the
bars on their bodies with regular soap
because Hospital hospitals run out of
antiseptics our rescue teams are eating
bread covered in blood to sustain
themselves our paramedics are killed
while saving lives our elders are
thirsty looking for water to drink under
the rubble our families are denied the
right to
mourn T ha a writer from Gaza wrote
remember that the world that pretended
to be the savior of humanity
participated in killing it do not
believe them when they speak about human
rights and Humanity they have no
Humanity
how can such dehumanizing language and a
publicly stated policy of collective
punishment an indiscriminate killing by
an occupying power and its officials be
justified rationalized with ease and
calmness are
uploded how can the world sustain this
brutality Injustice and savagery in
2023 what is the point of Defending what
they call a rules-based order if the
rules change depending on the identity
of the perpetrators or the identity of
the
victims only unhinged racism allows to
consider us less human or consider that
the life of a Palestinian child is less
worthy than the life of another
child the worst is yet to come we still
await clear calls for a stop to the
massacres and as the humanitarian and
health system crumble the worst is a
certainty if this madness is not
stopped it is with great pain but a
greater strength that we call on all of
you to live up to the rules Humanity
elaborated to prevent exactly what is
happening today in Gaza and what is
happening in Palestine for the past 75
years thank
you