now the death of Hamas deputy chief s
aluri has Spock protests in Palestine
and thousands are gathering in his
hometown in West Bank and are Marching
to demand a Revenge these are the scenes
from arura in West Bank alar ruri's
Hometown people have been demonstrating
here holding Palestines and hamas's
[Music]
[Music]
flags
[Music]
and while these visuals are from ramala
several Palestinians are taking to
streets here to protest against the
Israeli attacks in Gaza and the killing
of the senior Hamas official in the
Lebanese
[Music]
capital
[Music]
large crowds are also gathering in yeni
capital Sana who the supporters were
rallying here in solidarity with Gaza as
you can see on your screens the rebel
group has warned that they will Target
ships in the Red Sea that have links to
Israel now several of their missiles and
drones have been shot down by us French
and British warships in the recent
weeks
[Music]
meanwhile back in Israel with the 3month
anniversary of Hamas attack at the
Supernova Music Festival approaching
families of the victims visited the site
in kibuts to remember those who were
killed in the attack and be tribute by
lighting
[Music]
candles
[Music]
I'm still stuck on October 7th maybe the
eth I can't switch days I canot turn the
page I can't open the new year for my
family and another 135 families today is
the 91st of October to today is the 9 91
days that they are held by the terror
organization Hamas and literally every
second
counts the site holds pictures of those
who were taken captive or were killed
and according to authorities 364 people
were shot or burned to death at the Nova
festival and another 40 were taken
hostage by
[Music]
Hamas
on October 7th Hamas militants
infiltrated from Gaza and held people
hostages until date over 129 hostages
are still in hamas's captivity and this
as the families of the hostages continue
waiting eagerly for the release of their
loved
ones
[Music]
[Music]
foree