Israel said on Thursday there would be
no pause in its Siege of the Gaza Strip
for Aid or evacuations until all its
hostages were freed it has vowed to
annihilate the Hamas movement that rules
Gaza in retribution for the deadliest
attack on civilians in Israel's history
and it's put Gaza home to 2.3 million
people under total Siege as well as
launching by far the most powerful
bombing campaign in the 75-year-old
Israeli palestin conflict destroying
whole neighborhoods killing more than
1,400 Palestinians and forcing hundreds
of thousands to flee their
homes the international Committee of the
Red Cross pleaded for fuel to be allowed
in to stop overwhelmed hospitals from
quote turning into
morgs icrc Regional director Fabrizio
Carboni what's certain is that if we
can't get supplies in and if we can't
distribute what we have inside Gaza I
wanted to say we are going toward a
catastrophe but we are already in the
catastrophe but here we are going well
beyond that and the humanitarian
situation will become
unmanageable US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin arriving in Tel Aviv to
show solidarity told prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu Washington would
always be by Israel's side but as long
as America exists you will never ever
have to we will always be there by your
side scores of Israelis gathered in
Jerusalem's Mount Herzel military
cemetery on Thursday to bury their
dead according to an Israeli public
broadcaster the death toll from the
Hamas attacks has passed 1,300 people
they were gunned down in their homes on
the street and at a rave as Israel
masses tanks on gaza's Border its next
move could be a ground assault the head
of Israel's military Lieutenant General
Herzel halevi said lessons would be
drawn from the security failures around
Gaza that enabled the Hamas
attack