[Music]
surveillance footage captures the moment
the truck charts toward a group of
Israeli soldiers trt world has chosen
not to show the moment of impact of what
Israeli soldiers say was a deliberate
attack
paramedics quickly arrived on the scene
to treat the wounded several people were
rushed to hospitals police have
identified the driver as a Palestinian
from East Jerusalem Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited the
scene and told reporters that the
attacker may have been a supporter of -
that's a film we know that there has
been a series of terror attacks there
definitely could have been a connection
between them from France to Berlin and
now Jerusalem we are fighting this
affliction when we will overcome it
meanwhile Hamas prays Sunday's bloodshed
as retaliation against the Israel
occupation of Palestinian land a bus
driver who witnessed the attack says the
truck hit the group and was then shot at
by soldiers but that he reversed the
Huichol and run over them again the
nightmare unfolded at a popular
promenade in Jerusalem that overlooks
the old city a man who has identified
himself as the suspects uncle says
Israeli forces retaliated after the
attack
they raided the area in big numbers they
arrested women and men and they
destroyed the houses we filmed and
documented everything they attacked
everyone even the people who were in the
street also they closed the entrance of
the village
israel says more than 150 attacks have
targeted security forces since October
2015 and that Sunday's suspect may have
been inspired by the December Berlin
attack on a Christmas market
Israel says Palestinian leaders are
responsible for inciting attacks in the
country while Palestinian leaders say
they are acts of desperation as hopes of
a two-state solution
seemed further away than ever Aram
Celeste TRT world Jerusalem
[Music]