obada abara is up before the sun to work
on his father's farm near Jericho they
grow fruit vegetables and wheat to sell
to wholesalers who mostly come from
Hebron the economic aftermath of the
October 7th attacks has affected the
entire supply chain the situation has
changed it has become so difficult to
sell our produce our customers don't
have money to spend Z tera's income
relies on his being able to travel
seamlessly between the farm in the
Jordan Valley and the buyers in Hebron
long delays at security checkpoints mean
his produce sometimes goes rotten before
he can get it to Market a journey that
used to take us 90 minutes now takes
around 3 hours the long journey affects
the quality of our vegetables on bad
days we can spend 3 hours just getting
through the checkpoint before we would
usually be waved through these suppliers
have come to the Jero Market from
various Palestinian towns and cities
they know what their customers budgets
are and so they'll be leaving
empty-handed the Palestinian economy is
small and heavily influenced by
political events the October 7th attacks
caused a huge economic shock the two
sectors that are Jericho's biggest
employers Agriculture and tourism have
both been badly hit tyer al-hameedi is
the chairman of the local Chamber of
Commerce he says Palestinian laborers in
the occupied West Bank who worked in
Israel had their per revoked and that
has tanked the
economy more than 100,000 people were
working in Israel but they cannot do
that now they would bring $266 million
per month into our economy for 5 months
that money hasn't been coming in in
order to survive all businesses need a
desirable product and someone to buy it
it might come to the point where farming
in the Jordan Valley is no longer a
viable Enterprise clar harot trt World
Jero