the recent storm of violence in
Jerusalem and the Israeli occupied West
Bank began on this road between the
Jewish settlements of Itamar and Ilan
more a on the 1st of October settlers
car was fired on killing a mother and
father their four children were not hit
Israel's defense minister Moshe Ya'alon
pointed the finger at Palestinians
self-rule he says we are currently in a
period of eruption that is either
connected or not connected to the Temple
Mount unfortunately the issue here is
the incitement by the Palestinian
Authority and especially its president
it all leads to murder and bloodshed
the following day two men were stabbed
to death with knives in Jerusalem's Old
City a woman and a child was seriously
hurt by the Palestinian attacker
since then knife attacks have come
almost daily with firearms appearing and
protests with stones firecrackers a car
ramming and Israeli forces killing
around two dozen Palestinians many of
whom had knifed people the attackers are
identified as lone operators not in an
organization acting sporadically and
spontaneously therefore hard to guard
against the Jewish settlers of the West
Bank demand building continued they
insist a crackdown is needed to prevent
a third intifada uprising the last one
was 2002 2005
I kill them and destroyed all the basil
you do all over Israel and maybe how to
visit - yeah this upsurge of violence is
without a chain of command any possible
coordination appears to be lateral
passing among young Palestinians through
online social media it's feared the
bloodshed reflects a new generations
frustrations over their longtime
leadership's failure to achieve
statehood Palestinians see increasing
visits over the past year by Jewish
groups and right-wing lawmakers to the
al-aqsa mosque on Temple Mount revered
in Judaism as the site of two destroyed
biblical temples as eroding Muslim
religious control of the compound in
spite of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu saying this will not be
changed the knives around