the Israel Defense Forces said they
mistakenly shot and killed three Israeli
hostages who may have been abandoned or
trying to flee their Hamas captures the
shooting happened during a military
operation on Friday more than 130
hostages are still being held in Gaza by
the US designated terrorist group hamama
also on Friday Al jazer cameraman Samir
Abu Daka was killed in an Israeli attack
in cunas in southern Gaza the news
Outlet says Israeli forces prevented
Medical Teams from immediately reaching
him as the war continues to take an
enormous toll on Palestinian civilians
the US is calling on Israel to
transition from a heavy assault to a
more targeted phase of the
campaign US National Security adviser
Jake Sullivan met with Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and defense
minister yav Galant at the White House
National Security Council coordinator
John Kirby said Sullivan discussed the
progress of the war he did talk about um
uh possible transitioning from what we
would call high-intensity Operations
which is what we're seeing them do now
to lower intensity operations uh
sometime you know in the near future but
I don't want to put a time stamp on it
one expert told vaa he believes the US
push for Israel to scale down the
assault on Gaza would have an impact I
think that the Israelis probably in mid
January or toward the end of January are
going to do precisely that another
expert agreed however realistically the
Israelis must understand as President
Biden does that these thousands of
tragic deaths of Palestinian civilians
can't go on that it is what was once
unqualified support for Israel's right
to defend itself is becoming
increasingly qualified to Israel's
detriment so certainly there will have
to be some adjustments but I think it's
it's all a balancing act really protest
against Israel's bombing campaign
continue in the United States and
elsewhere activists demanding a
ceasefire blocked R hour traffic on a
major highway in Philadelphia
Pennsylvania on Thursday Cindy s vaa
news the state
department