is it safe to eat grass you might think
this is a strange question but since
Palestinians have resorted to eating
grass to survive it's worth asking more
than 1.1 million Palestinians in Gaza
right now are starving due to Israel
restricting humanitarian Aid this
picture of a Palestinian family eating
grass and lemon soup circulated on
social media at the beginning of Ramadan
technically grass is edible and
non-toxic to humans but it can have
negative effects if consumed over long
periods that's because grass is made of
water and lignin A protein that is
difficult to break down by the human
digestive system cows for example have
stomachs that can aid in digestion and
access the nutrients found in grass but
humans can't access the high amount of
cellulose found in grass so there is
little nutritional value and because
human bodies struggle to break down
grass if consumed in large quantities it
can cause vomiting diarrhea or at the
very least pass undigested one mother
reported that her children are weak and
always have diarrhea their faces are
yellow after being forced to drink
polluted water and eat grass grass can
also be dangerous for consumption
because of the dirt and pesticides used
on it over time eating grass can cause
cancer and birth defects in humans
eating grass can also be very harmful
for teeth silica is found in grass and
is very abrasive over time it will wear
down the enamel this is a problem that
animals don't face as their teeth have
adapted the UN food food and
agricultural organization have said that
famine is predicted to occur at any
point between March and may of
2024 so for many displaced Palestinians
there isn't much Choice eat grass or
starve