how are famous Global Brands involved in
Israel's war on palestine's
Gaza these Brands directly helps the
Israeli economy an Israel economy is the
fuel that feeds its military and allows
it to bomb Gaza and carry out a genocide
against the Palestinian people the
world's leading Brands reach nearly
every household around the globe it is
difficult to find a home in which at
least one of these Brands is not present
in 2022 alone these three companies
earned more than $200 billion Proctor
and Gamble has been part of the Israeli
Market since 2001 they had gained
attention with a significant
multi-million dollar investment in
Israeli medical companies and research
centers this brand is so popular in
Israel that it is found in 98% of
Israeli households famous luxury brand
Louis Vuitton they invested millions of
dollars in Israeli Diamond production
companies which are are the Cornerstone
of the Israeli economy they are linked
to the sale of Israeli aava products
that are produced in the occupied
Palestinian territories the owner of
Louis Vuitton is known for having made
significant investments in Israeli
security companies amounting to hundreds
of millions of dollars next up is HP
according to the BDS movement in
addition to supplying technology to the
Israeli Army and police HB provides the
Israel Administration with itanium
servers for its Aviv system this system
allows the government to control and
enforce its systematic racial
segregation and upper hide against
Palestinians we mentioned only three
brands but there are many more endorsing
and purchasing these Brands not only
sustains Israel's military power by
aiding the country's economy but also
contributes to the genocide of the
Palestinian people