now the Israel Hamas conflict could
result in massive uncertainty for the
tech sector while Israel is already
among the top Tech nations in the world
it's the upand cominging Palestinian
tech industry that's been blown apart by
the war between Israel and Hamas let's
tell you more now before the Israel
Hamas war palestine's tech sector was
growing at a very steady Pace despite
being one of the most economically
challenged regions in the world in the
past few years the world had started to
witness several top notch companies
emerging from Gaza the Gaza Sky Geeks
backed by alphabet the parent company of
Google is the largest techhub in
Palestine in 2022 around 5,000 coders
and developers from across the West Bank
and Gaza graduated from this program and
the those working in palestine's Tech
sector estimate that as much as $10
million have been invested in the
Palestinian Tech ecosystem so far most
of the funding is from International
tech companies
well Ilana Monto the co-founder and CEO
of a Palestine based social impact
startup Manara said and I'm quoting her
here the Gaza has been bombed many times
before this time it is completely
different for the tech sector for
several reasons number one electricity
was cut off to the entire Gaza Strip a
major amount of infrastructure has also
been bombed most people have lost cell
phone connections and internet access
completely or have some access to 2G
only on their cell phones meanwhile as
per the media reports many tech
companies are planning to shift their
business operations to India or other
locations if the Israel Hamas conflict
escalates more than 500 Global
multinationals such as Intel Microsoft
and Google have offices in
Israel