Israel's war on Gaza has taken a
catastrophic toll on civilian lives and
an unprecedented number of un staff
working on the ground in Gaza over the
last month
101 of our colleagues have lost their
lives in
Gaza this is the highest number of eight
workers killed in the history of our
organization in such a short time on
Monday un officers around the world flu
flags at half mast as staff paid their
respects to the record number of un
workers who've been killed by Israeli
bombardment since October 7th they lost
their lives along the lives of thousands
of Palestinian Martyrs in the Gaza Strip
we are so grateful for their service we
will remember them forever the r fors
agency has more than 12,000 people
working for them in Gaza but they too
have increased recently become targets
of the Israeli Onslaught un officials
have been saying there is no safe place
in Gaza and that includes the homes of
un staff members unra guest house in
Rafa south of the Gaza Street also
sustains significant damage from Israeli
forces Nal strikes um un International
staff present in Rafa had left the
building just 90 minute before the
strikes uh we have of course uh engaged
with the Israeli to understand the
circumstances uh but three different
shot were hit in the house so far the
security Council has failed to pass two
resolutions on Gaza that would have
called for a humanitarian pause or
ceasefire on Monday diplomats were
discussing another Security Council
resolution to establish humanitarian
pauses in the fighting to get Aid into
Gaza un officials say depleted Fuel and
medical supplies are leaving goin's
lives hanging by a thread and they're
hoping the Security Council is hearing
their pleas for help Frank Ardo trt
world the United
Nations