for the very first time the US appears
ready to support a UN resolution calling
for a temporary ceasefire in the war in
Gaza now that resolution could also warn
Israel against launching a ground
assault on the southern Gaza City of
Rafa which is packed with refugees there
are also concerns an a an Israeli
offensive rather could threaten the
safety of surviving Israeli hostages
Holly Williams has more on this from
Israel Israel's military says it
recently found this security camera
video in southern Gaza apparently
showing the bibas family the same day
they were kidnapped October 7th being
moved by the
militants baby cfir was 9 months old at
the time the youngest hostage taken with
his four-year-old brother Ariel and
their parents Shiri and yarden in
November as Hamas released over a
hundred hostages the group claimed Shiri
and her two children had been killed in
in an air strike but the militants
haven't handed over any bodies I say
give them what they want just bringing
back my
family yat Zila is a cousin of Shiri
bibas and her two boys we spoke to her
before the new video was made public so
you're in a kind of limbo for me my
family is still there still very much
alive until you know we
receive the confid
children on both sides of this conflict
have lost their innocence to the
violence in Gaza more than 12,000
children have been killed in the war
according to herass officials not
another generation can be born into this
hatred I want my three Road and a three
Ro on the other side to be able to grow
and not hate each
other the US is pushing hard for a
ceasefire but Hamas says it won't agree
to a deal without Israel withdrawing its
forces from Gaza while Israel's prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu has called
hamas's demands quote delusional Vlad
Holly Williams thank you