listen closely and you can hear the
gunfire that set off Panic at a
humanitarian Aid distribution site in
Gaza City the health Ministry said it
was Israeli gunfire that eventually left
20 people dead and over a 100
wounded people went out to get their
food for the day and flour people can't
find something to eat tank suddenly
appeared they hit people with shills
they cut people into pieces Israel said
it was looking into the shelling but it
did deny responsibility for this deadly
blast at a United Nations shelter the
day before in the southern city of Han
Yunis but the Palestinian red crescent
also says the area around the AL Amal
Hospital seen here earlier this month
has been hit by Israeli shells for 4
days in a row and thousands more
Palestinians fled West out of Han Unice
on Thursday with Tales of more chaos at
a school where some had been Sheltering
there were a lot of gunfire sounds and
the bulldozers were demolishing the
homes around us if one of us looked out
of the school's rooms they were shooting
at him it was forbidden to look out in
West Jerusalem the daughter of a woman
who was held hostage by Hamas and whose
father is still a hostage spoke to the
Israeli Conant accusing top government
officials of not doing
enough I look at you everyone is nodding
their heads shedding a tear where is the
cabinet that will hear these meanwhile
in a sign that another ceasefire
agreement might be inching closer CIA
director William Burns has reportedly
been dispatched to the Middle East to
join in the negotiations Burns is a
former US ambassador to Jordan one of
the countries said to be taking part in
the talks and humanitarian Aid trucks
did again get through the Rafa Crossing
at gaza's Southern border on Thursday
but the world food program says very
little Aid has made it Beyond Southern
Gaza and gunfire at Aid distribution
sites won't help Andy Rosen trt
world