a prolonged discussion teetering on an
impass a new resolution was put before
the UN Security Council calling for a
suspension of hostilities in Gaza on
humanitarian grounds as the US continues
to hold things up through a battle of
words bodies shrouded in white sheets
continue to be a sight in
Rafa since we came this morning we have
been revealing people from 6: a.m. we
revealed two of their
bodies at least 10 are believed to be
under the rubble as machines and workers
dig more tragic discoveries are made in
this Southern Gaza City where Millions
were told to go for their own safety
Israel says it's hit more than 22,000
targets since the start of the war and a
Slowdown does not appear to be in the
plants according to a report in the
Times of Israel quoting the defense
minister the fighting is set to expand
to additional areas of the Gaza strips
I'm furious I'm furious that those with
power shrug as the humanitarian
nightmares Unleashed on a million
children James Elder from UNICEF says
the fighting must stop and is calling on
world leaders to do their jobs and
ensure the protection of innocent
lives Israel claims it is working to
protect civilian
and released a series of videos
highlighting strikes that were aborted
because children and civilians were
identified the Prime Minister meanwhile
met with wounded soldiers and citizens
from the October 7th attacks as well as
some families of hostages there is anger
over Israeli soldiers killing three of
Their Own by mistake while they were
holding White Flags you murdered my son
twice you let the Hamas take my son on
October 7th and you killed my son on
December December
14th more than 100 Israeli captives are
believed to still be in Gaza Israel's
president says they are willing to
reopen
negotiations hamas's leadership says
first the bombardments must stop Crystal
ganing Global News London