prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu on
Saturday said Israel did not return for
further truce talks in Cairo because
hamas's demands were quote
delusional they want to defeat Israel of
course we will not agree to them but
when Hamas drops these delusional
demands we can move
forward the Egyptian and Qatari mediated
talks to try to reach a ceasefire in
Gaza and secure the release of over 100
Israeli hostages have yet to produce
results around of inconclusive talks in
Cairo ended on Tuesday nen yahu said the
demands included ending the war and
leaving Hamas as it
is adding pressure are the thousands of
Israelis who gathered in Tel Aviv
Saturday night calling for the immediate
release of all hostages still in
Gaza yeah I'm here um for my uncle
Michelle Nissen B which was kidnapped on
the 7th of October and and is still held
by
Hamas and is sick we want a deal now to
get all the hostages home some 12200
were killed in hamas's October attack
and another 253 seized hostage more than
100 were released in a short-lived
November
truce Israel's air and ground offensive
have devastated much of Gaza killing
over 28,000 people according to
Palestinian Health authorities Israeli
plans to storm Rafa where more than half
of gaza's 2.3 million population are
Sheltering have prompted International
concern something Nyah who
dismissed whoever is telling us not to
operate in Rafa is telling us to lose
the War I won't give it a hand Hamas
Chief Ishmael Hanah blamed Israel for a
lack of progress in achieving a
ceasefire deal in Gaza the group said in
a statement on Saturday Hana said Hamas
would only accept a complete Halton
fight fting Israeli withdrawal from Gaza
as well as the release of Palestinian
prisoners serving long sentences in
Israeli jails n yahu again vowed that
Israel will continue fighting until all
goals are
achieved