new developments tonight in the Israel
Hamas War Israeli air strikes in Gaza
have resumed after a pause in the
fighting ended and according to the
Hamas controlled Health Ministry in Gaza
hundreds more have been killed CBS 2's
Christian Benavides
reports fighting in the Gaza Strip has
resumed after a week-long truce between
Israel and Hamas came to an end the IDF
says it has targeted and destroyed more
than 400 terrorist targets and says
Hamas Bears responsibility for the
renewed fighting prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has directed negotiators to
return Israel also said Saturday they
are considering a buffer zone between
Gaza and Israel following the conflict
to prevent an October 7th style attack
from repeating itself let me be clear
you won't have a situation in the future
where you can have Hamas terrorists on
the border directly on the border
positioned just to cross over and kill
our people again there are also mounting
questions about the intelligence failure
that led to the October 7th attack which
sparked the war Margaret Vashon is part
of an Israel off female surveillance
unit she said they noticed and reported
unusual activity as far back as 6 months
prior to the attack I think that the
main thing that failed is
just the fact that they didn't listen to
us during a trip to the region for a
climate Summit vice president kamla
Harris from Dubai Saturday called for a
two-state solution to the conflict and
said Israel must do more to protect
civilian life as Israel pursues its
military objectives in Gaza We Believe
Israel must do more to protect innocent
civilians as fighting picks up again so
do the worldwide protests calling for a
ceasefire Christian Benavides CBS News
and gaza's health Ministry which again
is run by Hamas says about 200
Palestinian have been killed since the
fighting resumed