often from war zone you get stories of
death and destruction story of Pain
Story of terror story of terrany but
there are some of the stories those are
so beautiful so you feel like telling
those stories
also
you lovewood first of all
Namaste for all India people yes of
course definitely Bollywood best film
ever better than Hollywood so who you
love in
Bollywood I there's no no such actor
like that in the world no Lardo DiCaprio
no El Pacino they not in the same level
of acting so what you love which movie
of amab you
love
film number one two it will be Ki maybe
or Lavar
or
NB there's a lot of them I have too many
to count my friend any song of amab
which you can sing for our times Network
viewers yeah definitely why not it goes
like that it goes my name is anony
[Music]
gonzale no problem any other song yes
why not but maybe you should start and I
you you sing I will join you because we
want to hear you profession I I'm going
to I'm going to join you because people
in India will love to listen to you
thank you thank you for the Namaste
India I don't know which one I want to
sing there any hum
[Music]
song
see is correcting me ah thank you he
correcting see I am I am missing the
lyrics but he is correcting me that is
the best thing from
is
you learned Hindi from Bollywood film
yeah yeah my sister actually can also
cook in Indian food like kanji like garu
like many many Indian food I can speak a
little bit maybe 40% speak Hindi for our
viewers what I cannot speak fuly in indu
I can speak in English it's okay okay
fine in Hindi say something in Hindu I
want to say all Hindu all of the
millions in Hindu that continue to love
amitabachan because he's the one and the
only
one and the best actor in the
world understand Sor speak little bit of
Hindi for us little bit of windy
Mel 42 years
old not married yet thank God not kid
yet also not than God give me one at
least you love India yes why not they
they beautiful woman like zinan pvin
babby
bindia so he loves Indian actors he
loves amitab ban he loves India so that
is actually the soft power of India soft
powerwood soft
power
thank you for talking to times Network
thank you for you for that opportunity
and thank you all India and keep loving
and support the
one when isan's birthday 11 October it's
our
holiday so for him 11th o is
[Music]
H