an Israeli air strike meant to Target a
Hamas stronghold sent a huge cloud of
smoke and dust into the air in Han Yunis
it's along with this air strike in the
far south Rafa that killed more than a
dozen people were quickly followed by
men women and children streaming into
hospitals we flipped from Gaza City and
we were staying at other people's home
suddenly we find a rocket hid in the
house and we flew up in the air I was
pulled from the rebel Israel's military
claims it has broken through the
defensive lines of Hamas and is closing
in on hamas's top
leader they're encircling his house his
house is not a fortress and he can
escape but it's only a matter of time
before we get him but the fighting in
Han Yunis is blocking relief workers
from Distributing food water and
Medicine across most of the Gaza Strip
Israel's security cabinet said it was
approving a minimal increase in the
amount of fuel it's allowing now into
Gaza to prevent a humanitarian collapse
for Hospital staff more supplies can't
come soon
enough we have called on the World to
save our patients and send medicine
medical equipment and fuel to save their
lives so far we have only received small
quantities of secondary medicines not
the major ones the White House said
Wednesday it is discussing with Israel
how long it might carry out this
onslaught
but after the war Benjamin Netanyahu
says he wants Israel to take military
control of Gaza to Forever prevent
another October 7th attack but the White
House is pushing back we do not support
a military an Israeli military
occupation of Gaza we don't support any
shrinking in the territorial boundaries
of Gaza we don't support the any
permanent displacement uh of the people
of Gaza outside of Gaza at the United
Nations the Secretary General has
invoked a rarely used Clause from the UN
Charter putting the conflict before the
security Council saying it could
aggravate existing threats to
International Peace and security a vote
on a humanitarian ceasefire is expected
on Friday whether Israel and Hamas would
agree to that is anyone's guess Andy
Rosen trt world