every day without a ceasefire in Gaza
around every corner there is more pain
and More Death as this girl grieved over
the victim of an Israeli air strike in
Rafa these bodies likely still warm
talks of a pause in the Relentless
assault on this Enclave
stalled there's us support European
support and the support of the whole
world for Israel they support them with
weapons and planes Rafa has been
targeted by Israeli attacks despite it
being the last place Palestinians were
able to flee across the Gaza Strip
assaults have also continued Israeli
Army footage showed what it claimed was
its raid on alifa Hospital in Gaza city
that has entered its second day Israel's
military says it has arrested a 180
suspected militants and killed more than
50 Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu said overnight on Monday he'd
spoken to US President Joe Biden on the
phone for the first time in more than a
month tensions between the two allies
have been growing over Israel's
continued assault on Gaza more innocent
civilians have died in this conflict in
this military operation than in all of
the wars in Gaza combined including
thousands of children a humanitarian
crisis has descended across Gaza and
Anarchy Reigns in areas that Israel's
military has cleared but not stabilized
a trucks were seen arriving undercover
of darkness in Gaza City in the early
hours of Tuesday Morning the
humanitarian situation and and looming
famine threatened to kill countless more
Palestinians than those who've already
perished in the Israeli attacks if you
look at some of the um assessments that
we're seeing now um they only underscore
the urgency of making sure that this
assistance is a priority and that it's
sustained there had been hope that
diplomats could find a way to help us
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin said
he was headed to Saudi Arabia and Egypt
for discussions over a ceasefire a new
round of truce talks mediated by kasar
failed to find a way forward on Tuesday
I don't think we are at a moment now
where we can say that we are close to uh
to a deal we are as I said we are
cautiously optimistic because the talks
have resumed and that is a good thing
and we hope that that
continues the talk may be of Hope for an
end to this suffering however quickly it
comes for so many in Gaza it will still
be too late Joel Flynn trt world look