thousands of people gathered on
Parliament Hill today for a pro
Palestinian rally the group calling for
a permanent ceasefire in Gaza ctv's
Natalie vanroy was there of mement
thousands of people from across Ontario
convening on Parliament till to have
their voices heard so we are here today
in a historic March uh in support of the
Palestinian people the rally the largest
yet in the nation's capital since the
October 7th Hamas attack for those here
it's a conflict that gets close to home
my dad did have to grow up in a refugee
camp he went through a civil war my
grandparents had to run away from a war
and it's just uh it's not great to see
this kind of generational
trauma as some wait for updates from
family in Gaza we suspect that they're
either you know unable to reach any type
of communication or that they're under
the
rubble the rally calling for a permanent
ceasefire we are here to call for a
genuine ceasefire so not a pause but a
genuine ceasefire organizers say that
buses transported people from right
across Ontario to be here at the rally
including from Toronto Miss Saga and the
kitchen or waterl area it was very
exciting everybody's really excited to
be here to stand up for um for
Palestinians and to take this to the
heart of the Canadian beast in
attendance Ontario MPP Sarah Jama who
was ejected from the NDP con
after a social media statement on X
formerly Twitter where she expressed
support for the Palestinian people and
called for an end to the occupation of
Palestinian land I'm here today in
support of the many Palestinians who are
organizing to continue to put pressure
on this government to call for a
ceasefire as well as tck luani a
prominent London Ontario Doctor Who was
arrested on a turn of Mischief following
an incident last month where the crown
in the case said police observed luani
pull out a bottle of ketchup and
squirted on the exterior of an MP's
building following a protest lubani said
he was a doctor in Gaza and is in touch
with the hospital there they don't have
the basic Composites of Medical Care
like water like soap like
anesthetic after the rally at Parliament
till the group marched through the
streets of downtown Ottawa Natalie
vanroy CTV News Ottawa