evening?
>> Well, this all comes, of
course, after Keith Siegel was
kidnaped during the terrorist
attack back on October 6th. Now
he is from Chapel Hill
originally, but he's lived on a
kibbutz in Israel for decades
now. We don't know when that
video was filmed. We want to be
clear about that. But we do know
that it was released by Hamas
today. In the video, you can see
Keith Siegel in a black shirt
standing against a blank wall,
speaking to the camera in
Hebrew. He says, I want to tell
my family that I love you very
much. He goes on to get
emotional, saying, I have very,
very beautiful memories of
Passover last year when we all
celebrated together and I really
hope we can have the best
surprise possible before he then
begins to cry.
>> There.
>> Keith's wife, Aviva Siegel,
was also taken hostage, but she
was released as part of the
initial deal and reunited with
their daughters. The family
appearing in a video responding
to the hostage video with
daughter Ellen saying seeing my
father today only emphasizes to
all of us how much we must reach
a deal as soon as possible and
bring everyone home. Back here
in North Carolina. Keith's story
reaching U.S. Senator Ted Budd,
who also wants to see the
hostages freed, saying in a
statement, quote, we are
encouraged to see that Keith
Siegel is alive and we once
again demand that Hamas release
Keith and all of the hostages
immediately and unconditionally.
The release of this video, for
purposes of propaganda and
psychological torture is further
example of the true evil nature
of Hamas. We remain committed to
bringing Keith and all the
hostages home, and we know
Siegel's family is urging the
Israeli government to try and
negotiate a new deal for Keith
and the other hostages. Release
He's been held captive now for
202 days, and counting. Again,
this all still unfolding. But
again, that video, we don't know
when it was shot, but it was
released today. It's not clear
when it was filmed, but again,
Proof of life as Keith Siegel
being proven alive while sti