now there are signs of rapid changes in
the battlefield in the Israel Gaza War
this even as the Israeli Army
spokesperson is warned that the war on
the besieged
enclaves rulers Hamas will continue
throughout
2024 the IDF spokesperson has said there
are now plans to shift tactics and to
cut back on troop
numbers in the first draw down since the
War Began almost about 3 months ago
Israel has pulled back tanks out of some
District the Gaza City and it is also
withdrawing some forces from the Gaza
Strip to shift to more targeted
operations against
Hamas now Israel is partially returning
its reserves to civilian life to help
with the economy so the war looks set to
last well into the new year since
launching the war in retaliation for the
crossb Hamas Rampage 2 months ago the
Israeli officials have said that they
would in fact wait the war in three main
stages the first is in intense shelling
to clear an access route for ground
forces and also to encorate civilians to
evacuate the second is The Invasion that
began on the 27th of October with tanks
and troops having now overrun much of
the Gaza Strip largely asserting almost
complete control despite the
Palestinian resistance Fighters
continuing with their ambushes from
ambushes from hidden tunnels and
bunkers now according to an Israeli
official the military is now moving to
the third stage which is a more
localized mopping up
operation now the shifting Tactics come
as the US Navy has announced that the
US's Gerald Fort aircraft carrier strike
group will be heading back to America
months after having been deployed in
West Asia to provide protection for
Israel on the sea now the fort Gerald
and the Dwight Eisenhower aircraft
carriers have been part of a two carrier
presence bracketing the American support
for for this war by Israel or the Gaza
Strip is also underscored American
concerns that this conflict could
potentially
widen the for and also its accompanying
warships will be replaced by the
amphibious assault ship the USS baton
and its accompanying warships the US's
Mesa and also the US's car
Hall VOR is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the move