two rockets fired from a window appear
to hit Israeli tanks part of a video
released by Hamas on Thursday it said
showed fighting in Gaza City the release
comes days after Israel announced a more
targeted military operation against
Hamas part of what it called the next
stage in a conflict it's also claimed
could go on for months Israeli air
strikes through Gaza continue to kill
scores each day those that survive are
frequently left with nothing but
destruction homes destroyed
families
decimated this man who survived an air
strike in Rafa in southern Gaza said
those killed here include his brother
his son his sister his sister-in-law and
her children these are Israel's targets
he
says few of the enclaves hospitals
remain functional either destroyed by
fighting or unable to get even the most
basic of resources at the European
Hospital in carun a Canadian volunteer
says the human tragedy of this war is
Indescribable I don't think people have
an idea of how tragic this is unless you
actually come and see for it yourself um
how much suffering everybody is going
through whether it's the people coming
in on a daily basis almost every hour
someone's coming in with an explosive
injury or a serious injury people are
losing their legs their eyes their lives
yet Palestinians here are finding ways
to survive a makeshift Market in Rafa
offers what people have been able to
source
3 months ago few came here now it's a
hive of activity for those who
remain are used to visit South Rafa a
lot it's so different now there are
thousands of hungry and tired displaced
people they don't have the place to stay
in I have a place here my children
cousins are displaced at the school but
everyone here is broke and have no one
but God that there is any sort of Hope
or joy in this place may seem remarkable
but so too is the destruction and the
death that confronts these people every
day in this broken corner of the world
Joel Flyn trt world