two sides and two very different
accounts of what happened on Thursday in
the north of the Gaza Strip what we know
for certain is that thousands of people
gathered around 38 delivery lores
desperate for food and that many
families have been left starving amid
the war some are said to have tried to
take food by force after which Hamas
claims Israeli soldiers open fire on the
crowds our children are dying of hunger
and when we go out to try and get a bag
of hour they fire at us some get driven
over some Israeli sources have confirmed
that soldiers fired live bullets after
feeling threatened by the crowds but
they deny any responsibility for the
over 100 people that Hamas says were
killed the army spokesperson claims they
fired warning shots and that most of the
people died in a
stampede some began violently pushing
and even trampling other gazans to death
looting the humanitarian supplies the T
Commander decided to retreat to avoid
harm to the thousands of gazans that
were there the United Nations has called
for an independent investigation while
the European Union's Foreign Affairs
Chief said it's yet another Carnage in
Gaza France's president Emanuel macron
has expressed deep indignation at the
images he's seen while Washington is
calling for more light to be
shed we are urgently seeking additional
information
on exactly what took place we have been
in touch with the Israeli government
since early this morning and understand
that an investigation is underway we
will be monitoring that investigation
closely and pressing for answers earlier
in the week President Joe Biden said he
was optimistic that the ceasefire deal
could be reached by early next week that
optimism appears to have dwindled as he
now says it's unlikely that any deal
will be reached just yet but he remains
hopeful that a six- week pause in the
fighting will be agreed upon soon
yes