for an immediate sustained ceasefire
with the release of hostages uh that
would create space to Surge more
humanitarian assistance to
relieve uh the suffering of many people
and to build something more enduring uh
we've been working as you know with
Egypt with cter uh and with Israel to
put a strong proposal on the table um
Hamas responded to that uh negotiators
continue to work uh the gaps are
narrowing uh and we're continuing to
push for an agreement in Doha uh there's
still ult work to get there but I
continue to believe uh it's possible
needs to do more tomorrow I'll be
talking to our partners about how to uh
coordinate our efforts um as the foreign
minister mentioned as well uh we also
discussed Rafa we all share
concerns uh there are more than a
million people in Rafa many of whom were
displaced from other parts of
Gaza a major ground operation there
would mean more civilian deaths it would
worsen the humanitarian crisis there is
a better way to deal with the threat the
ongoing threat posed by Hamas in turn
this also requires real reform of the
Palestinian Authority and we've seen
some initial steps in that direction
more is
needed uh revitalizing the the PA with a
better more representative government
including Palestinians from Gaza is
critical to achieving the vision of a
Gaza unified with the West Bank under
Palestinian Authority
Authority uh if and as the Palestinian
Authority pursues reform I'm also
convinced that the region will strongly
supported Regional integration is one of
the building blocks of lasting peace uh
and Lasting security uh and that
includes normalization for Israel uh
with uh with its neighbors and we had a
very good discussion about the work that
uh we've been doing for many months now
on normalization uh and that work is
moving forward we're continuing to make
good progress I believe we can reach an
agreement which would present a historic
opportunity for two Nations but also for
the region as a
whole
so I think if you look back on these uh
past couple of months since I was here
in
January we have been working very
closely together with our Arab Partners
on all of these postconflict
pieces uh there's not only more
consensus on the
priorities
[Music]
ceasefire