the capture of dozens of Israeli
soldiers and civilians by Hamas
militants has stirred Israeli emotions
more viscerally than any crisis in the
country's recent memory setting aside
their differences top Israeli leaders
have discussed the possibility of
forming an emergency National Unity
government and addressing the nation
Israeli president Herzog urged National
Unity prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
opposition leader y Leed and National
Unity party leader Benny Gans discussed
forming an emergency government
following the de devastating surprise
attack against Israel on Saturday
nathany says that he offered the two
when they met him for a security
briefing to enter into a wide emergency
government as per Israeli media reports
the two express their willingness but
Leed demanded far right leaders and
Minister basil smotrich and itar benav
to be removed Gans agreed to join
alongside the two both ministers made
incendiary comments and policy proposals
against Palestinians lapid is reportedly
concerned that their ability to manage a
war especially as violence May spill
over into the West Bank and Northern
border both LA and Gans have previously
lambasted Netanyahu for forming a
government with leaders they see as
extremists they've previously issued the
idea of a Unity government that included
them Israeli media reports further state
that betu party chairman liberman who
also said that he would join the current
government but he conditioned his
support on nany defense minister and IDF
Chief of Staff publicly announcing that
the government intends to eliminate the
Hamas Terror organization and all its
terrorist leaders and will not suffice
with anything less both Leed and Gans as
well as fellow opposition leaders as I
mentioned liberman previously served in
governments with Netanyahu the three
one-time political allies have since
become Rivals to the Prime Minister whom
they've called untrustworthy and
corrupt rallying citizens Israeli
pres such a war does not end in the
blink of
who
now is stated Israel has been fighting
since the dawn of its creation for its
very existence urging National Unity he
said let us keep the spirit of heroism
and this togetherness it is our most
powerful
weapon Von is now available in your
country download the app now get all the
news on the move