President Joe Biden says the US military
will construct a port along gaza's Coast
to receive humanitarian assistance by
sea into Gaza now the Biden
Administration has expressed mounting
frustration over the humanitarian crisis
and the difficulty of delivering Aid to
millions of stranded
Palestinians tonight I'm directing the
US military to lead an emergency mission
to establish a temporary pier in the
Mediterranean on the coast of Gaza that
can receive large shipments kind food
water medicine and temporary
shelters no us boots will be on the
ground a temporary Pier will enable a
massive increase in the amount of
humanitarian assistance getting into
Gaza every
day the water has resulted in widespread
destruction of Civilian infrastructure
including homes medical facilities roads
as well as water hygiene and sanitation
facilities un officials have sounded the
alarm about a looming famine and gazin
are facing a catastrophe none of the
hospitals in Gaza are fully functional
and only a few remain partially
functional the conflict is pushing the
Health Care system to the brink of
collapse deliveries by trucks have been
interrupted by Warfare looting and
Israeli protesters at the Egypt Gaza
Crossing and the US this week began
airdrops along with other nations such
as France Belgium Jordan the United Arab
Emirates and Egypt we're exploring other
channels to get Aid into Gaza including
a maritime route White House
spokesperson John Kirby earlier this
week said they were looking at bringing
in supplies by sea but that Logistics
were difficult yes you can move more
volume in in ships whether they're
military or commercial ships but
eventually that stuff has to get ashore
then has to get loaded onto vehicles and
then trucked in officials at a news
briefing said the Mediterranean Port
would be temporary and built in
cooperation with other countries and
humanitarian Partners they estimated the
port would increase the delivery of Aid
by quote hundreds of additional truck
loads per day and added that security
would be coordinated with
[Music]
Israel