let's start with today's updates on the
ongoing conflict between Israel and
Hamas Israel blamed Hamas for hiding
command posts and tunnels in some
hospitals after Gaza accused it of
launching air strikes on or near at
least three hospitals today at least
10,569 people had been killed as of
November 8th with an estimated 40% of
them being children said the Gau and
health authority in its latest update
gaza's Health Ministry has said 18 of
gaza's 35 hospitals and 40 other health
centers were out of service either due
to damage from bombardments or lack of
fuel the United Nations High
Commissioner for human rights said that
Israel must take immediate measures to
protect Palestinians in the West Bank as
they find themselves targeted by more
violence the US said that Israel will
begin 4-Hour pauses in Northern Gaza
starting yesterday to allow people to
flee hostilities a new UN report paints
a stark picture of the devastation of
the collapse of the Palestinian economy
after a month of war the gross domestic
product shrank 4% in the West Bank and
Gaza in the war's first month sending
over 400,000 people into poverty if the
war continues for a second month the UN
projects that the Palestinian GDP which
was 20.4 billion Before the War Began
will drop by
8.4% turkey has made necessary
preparations to take injured
Palestinians and patients with chronic
illnesses from Gaza to its hospitals for
treatment according to the Turkish
president Israel's Ministry of Defense
said yesterday that a cargo ship
carrying approximately 2500 tons of
equipment has arrived in the country to
Aid Israeli Defense Forces in the war
against Hamas thank you for joining us
for this update stay tuned as we
continue to bring you the latest
developments in this complex and
evolving
situation