we turn now to the war between Israel
and Hamas and the Grim new toll in Gaza
the Gaza Health Ministry run by Hamas
reporting now that 20,000 people have
now died in Gaza tonight the White House
says there are very serious negotiations
now underway for a new ceasefire to get
more hostages freed and more help in but
tonight here the images the civilians
and the journalists very close to an
incoming strike in Gaza ABC's Brit
Clinton from the region again tonight
tonight oh my god did you hear that yes
yes
oh my God the moment civilians and
journalists are caught in the middle of
an Israeli air
strike the Gaza death toll now crossing
the horrific Milestone of 20,000
according to the Hamas run Health
Ministry the White House tonight saying
very serious negotiations are underway
for a new ceasefire to get more Aid in
and hostages out we're pushing it we I I
don't there's no expectation at this
point but we are pushing top Hamas
leader isma hania arriving in Egypt for
IND direct talks with Israel mediated by
the US and Qatar ARA naif fled to Rafa
with her husband their two young boys
and pets in toe their fourth move since
War erupted ARA telling me her children
are her Heroes for surviving under these
circumstances no child should have to go
through this exactly especially if they
don't understand even though you have
nothing completely nothing to do with
all this fight you can still be one of
the death tolls or the injured or the
casualities no matter what's the number
we are just collateral damage David
aamas official says they will not accept
any hostage deal until Israel ends its
aggression in Gaza prime minister
Netanyahu vowing to keep fighting until
Hamas is eliminated telling all
terrorists surrender or die David all
right Brit clenet in Israel for us again
tonight Brit thank you hi everyone
George Stephanopoulos here thanks for
checking out the ABC News YouTube
channel if you'd like to get more video
show highlights and watch live event
coverage click on the right over here to
subscribe to our Channel and don't
forget to download the ABC News app for
breaking news alerts thanks for
watching