Jihad kafara writes messages of Love on
his wife's shroud and then he does the
same for their stillborn child both
killed in an air strike on Northern
Gaza this is like hirashima says this
man there were 70 or 80 people in this
house kids are in the rubble what have
they done to anyone one Canadian stuck
in Gaza sent us this message on Thursday
night by the minute every night like
literally we we put our heads down not
knowing if we'll ever make it till the
next day um we're always nervous uh the
kids are always nervous and they're very
anxious and very scared for those who
have survived the bombings life is
becoming more difficult by the
hour the United Nations says that Aid
trucks that have been allowed into Gaza
represent 2% of the need what is needed
is Meaningful and
uninterrupted a flow and to succeed we
need an human turn fire to ensure this
Aid reaches those in
need with Friday night's bombardment of
Gaza a ceasefire seems a long way off
but simultaneously in New York a
resolution vote at the UN calling for a
truce in Gaza and for the release of
hostages is
adopted it passed by a margin of 120 to4
Canada among 45 Nations that abstained
there's a lot of work to be done and I
still think that we're a little bit sort
of ragged and everybody whistling off to
Israel to make a visit as opposed to
kind of getting
together finding a collective answer
Canada's un Ambassador Bob Ray abstained
because the resolution did not
specifically condemn hamas's killing of
1400 Israelis on October 7th the vote is
non-binding but is a strong reminder to
Israel and Hass that much of the world
is demanding an immediate ceasefire
Redmond Shannon Global News London