Israel Hamas war is concerned well
Israel and Hamas have reached a deal to
allow more humanitarian Aid into Gaza
this will come as a slight relief for
the war destroyed Gaza amid the Raging
War the New Deal was broken by Qatar and
France after nearly 3 months of the war
well in an unprecedented move medicines
will be given to hostages held by Hamas
under the New Deal more than 132
hostages are believed to be still held
in Gaza and in return to this Israel
will allow more basic supplies into Gaza
meanwhile the United States has
expressed optimism it said that it is
hopeful that further talks could lead to
release of more hostages however the war
continues to intensify amid no let up by
Israel the Palestinian officials say
that 85% of gaza's population has been
displaced even as the air is now getting
into Gaza un has described the situation
as
intolerable know we're now over a 100
days since uh those terrorist attacks on
the 7th of October uh and over the
weekend the president uh uh spoke to
this including a heartfelt statement on
the grief and suffering that the
families of those hostages have now felt
every single day since the 7th of
October and we have not stopped our
efforts to try to bring them home in
fact Brett mcer was in Doha this week
focused specifically on the hostage
situation uh and in trying to move
forward new proposals to bring them home
this will remain a top priority for
us all right my colleague rishab still
with us rishab well which looks like a
slight relief for the war destroyed Gaza
mid the Raging battle with Israel and
Hamas both reaching a deal to allow more
humanitarian Aid shed some light on what
exactly is
happening well definitely there's a new
agreement between Hamas and Israel this
has been brokered by uh Qatar and 45 odd
hostages who are in captivity uh in
hamas's custody will be provided a
medical package that has being uh
created by uh France and Red Cross
Society the International Red Cross
Society will be operating this on ground
definitely a relief coming in amid the
Raging war between Israel and Hamas that
began on 7th of October and since then
they have been you know in the fighting
between Hamas and Israel now Qatar has
announced that the humanitarian relief
the medicine uh Supply will resume at
least for the 45 Israeli hostages who
are in custody of Hamas