[Music]
hello you are watching as Ai and I'm AI
Anor I will introduce to the big news of
the world let's have a look at the
international headlines Canadian Prime
Minister Justin Trudeau provided an
update on the situation between Canada
and India to Jordan's King on Sunday
prime minister Justin Trudeau discussed
the situation between Canada and India
with King Abdullah to bin aloin
emphasizing the importance of adherence
to the rule of law and respecting the
Vienna convention on diplomatic
relations Canadian radio host a Shapiro
dismissed a podcast agreement with Mia
Khalifa over her disgusting remarks on
the Israel Hamas War Mia Khalifa had
tweeted if you can't side with the
Palestinians when looking at the
situation then you're on the wrong side
of apartheid and history will prove this
over time halvard student bodies are
facing backlash after accusing Israel of
the Hamas attack the authorities pledged
to continue providing support to its
students and colleagues following the
Israeli invasion of the Gaza Strip
resulting in over 1600 deaths so far a
prominent indoc Canadian Community
member has expressed concern about the
ecosystem in Canada claiming that
khalistan ideology was allowed to thrive
Canada's foreign minister emphasized
that shortterm political gain is not in
the interest of Canada's future Canada
and India are currently in a diplomatic
standoff over the killing of a pristan
separatist in si British Colombia in
June India Today reports Israeli
military prepares for a massive
offensive in the ongoing Hamas Israel
conflict with trucks heading towards the
Gaza Strip border the war is expected to
escalate in the coming days with Israeli
civilians being held hostage by
Palestinian group Hamas the Hamas Israel
war has resulted in over 1,600 deaths
global leaders like the UK France and
the US have extended support to Israel
condemning the attack by
[Music]
Hamas