Israel Defense Forces underscored Sunday
that the militant group Hamas and not
the people of Gaza is a target of their
military operations which have now been
expanded but as more reports and footage
emerge showing extensive damage in
civilian areas Israel's approach and the
support the United States is giving it
continues to receive scrutiny appearing
on ABC's this week National Security
adviser Jake Sullivan reaffirmed the US
position on the matter what we are
providing to Israel is subject to the
laws of war and to uh the requirements
that steps be taken to protect innocent
life those are requirements we impose
anytime we transfer weapons to another
country some relatives of the hostages
taken by Hamas during its October 7th
terror attack on Israel have expressed
worries that the ground offensive could
put those kidnapped at risk but solivan
added that there are several ongoing
efforts to get them home safely we are
prepared to support humanitarian pauses
so that hostages can get out safely and
uh we will keep working at that every
day the war to destroy Hamas was deemed
a quote nearly impossible mission that
could take months according to retired
army General Robert Abrams who also
granted an interview to
ABC the defense that Hamas will put up
in that very very dense Urban Terrain
unlike anything that we've seen uh in
recent years is going to require some
very Fierce fighting and simultaneously
trying to ensure that the Israelis do
not Target
unwittingly the locations of the
hostages General Abrams also elaborated
on the matters that would need to be
addressed after the military conflict
comes to an end Hamas was created as a
result of a lack of um a separate
Palestinian State a two-state solution
as many people have talked about that
has to be somewhere when you ask how
does this end that has to be part of the
equation in the meantime the United
Nations Agency for Palestinian refugees
vo worri Sunday that people storming its
Gaza Aid warehouses is a sign that civil
order is starting to break down the
warning came as Pope fris renewed calls
for a ceasefire in Gaza and the release
of the hostages many of whom are
believed to have dual nationalities
Veronica basias vaa News
Washington