guy El Hanan is an Israeli who has made
the deliberate choice of enrolling his
children in a unique School environment
where Jewish and Muslim students attend
classes together well there are many
benefits if I have to choose
[Music]
one is that they lack this very uh
essential component of the Israeli
Jewish
identity which is uh fear of the other
guy says he is fighting against an is
Society entangled in conflict and moving
towards a future marked by division
estrangement and confrontation
Generations on generations of uh very
fruitful Beyond fruitful I mean the
Jewish and the Arabic culture Muslim
culture group together they can't exist
without each other that's why he wanted
his children to attend school alongside
other Muslim Students Israeli Arabs
descendants of Palestinians who
integrated into the state of Israel
after it became independent in 1948
Arabs make up about 21% of the country's
population and among that Minority
population his son's best friends I
would say it's either Adam or
Liam both uh very sweet wonderful kids
both very good in
football both of them uh have a Jewish
mother and the Palestinian father hii is
a unique City in Israel it's among the
rare places where mixed couples live
where both Jewish and Muslim communities
come together fostering an atmosphere of
mutual tolerance this environment
encourages Dialogue on pressing issues
including the recent war in
Gaza this was evident during a recent
weekend at hus Mahmud mosque where Jews
and Muslims converged to share an
evening sending a message of peace and
coexistence to the rest of the country
Muhammad Sharif OD is president of the
amadia Muslim Community in hia I invite
all our neighbors they are afraid from
us I don't know why they are afraid to
tell them we are living here before
Israel and after Israel in a peaceful
way and we live together in the
neighborhood in the
coexistence for the moment the Gaza War
has created divisions that threaten to
spread Beyond
Gaza but here in this place where
Israelis and Muslims share space there
are those who still believe that
conflict resolution and a lasting peace
is
achievable for Pilan Ina Israel Veronica
VI vaa
news