this is the first video the Israeli Army
has released from inside a shifa
hospital for 7 minutes military
spokesman Jonathan krius presents
weapons he says were found like here in
the MRI department behind the scanner a
bag with an AK-47 andand
grenades he says Hamas had blocked the
cameras in the
hallways and that in the hospital
cupboards there were various firearms
this is what they found these weapons
have absolutely no business being inside
a hospital we found the military say the
mere fact weapons were found in the
hospital shows a shifa was used as a
base but they have yet to prove the
allegations they have repeatedly made
about the hospital that it is at the
heart of a key tunnel Network are
true what we have found I think is only
the tip of the iceberg these animated
video issued by the military say that
under the hospital Hamas has dug tunnels
and a sophisticated Command Center an
allegation used to explain why the
Israelis were targeting the site the US
president restated on Wednesday that the
US has the same
intelligence the first war crime is
being committed by Hamas by having their
headquarters their military hidden under
a hospital and that's a fact that's
what's happened
Hamas has kept denying this meanwhile
many of its fighters in the north have
likely fled the
area where will they flee most likely
towards the South that's their only way
out the Israelis have decided to focus
on the North that's where they believe
Hamas centered its forces that's for now
but there will be an
after the Israeli defense minister has
vowed to destroy Hamas wherever it goes
the southern part of the Gaza Strip is
now densely packed with refugees who
have fled the north following Israel's
instruction to save their lives many
have no shelter they all lack food water
fuel and basic Aid