is they don't want those women to be
able to talk about what happened to them
during their time in
[Music]
[Music]
custody
[Music]
uh our own we've obviously seen the
reports that Hamas has committed sexual
violence they've committed rape um we
have no reason at all to doubt those
reports um uh when you look at all the
atrocities that Hamas uh carried out on
October 7th and the atrocities that they
have carried out since the fact that
they continue to hold women hostages the
fact that they continue to hold children
hostages the fact that it seems one of
the reasons they don't want to turn
women over that they've been holding
hostage and the reason this pause fell
apart is they don't want those women to
be able to talk about what happened to
them during their time in custody um
certainly there is very uh little that I
would put Beyond Hamas when it comes to
its treatment of civilians and
particularly its
[Music]
treatment
[Music]
[Music]
on
[Music]
Hamas has embedded itself inside
civilians inside civilian homes inside
mosques in schools in churches it is
Hamas that is putting these civilians In
Harm's Way I for all the questions and I
I understand why people stand up stand I
stand here and people ask me questions
about what Israel should do I'm happy to
take those questions I'm surprised I
don't hear more people saying why
doesn't Hamas lay down its Arms Why
doesn't Hamas move out of
[Music]
[Music]
school
we have seen them take some steps to
respond to extremist violence against
Palestinians in the West Bank uh we
don't think those steps have been
sufficient uh we think they need to
prosecute people who engage in uh
violent activities against Palestinians
and one of the things that the secretary
made clear uh in his conversations with
the Israeli government is that while
this doesn't in any way obviate the need
for them to take additional action that
we are prepared to take our own actions
uh uh on behalf of the United States
[Music]
government