University campuses across Canada are
becoming flash points for protests and
now one group wants lost students at a
Toronto University expelled ctv's Judy
Tren
explains will be free at Toronto's
Metropolitan University anger grows as
casualties mount in Gaza 74 students
signed an open letter that stated Israel
is not a country and that it's
responsible for all loss of life since
October 7th when Hamas attacked burning
people alive the most disgusting vile
rapes one can possibly imagine that's
what they put their names to Ben brith
is calling on tmu to expel the students
from its law school they should never be
called uh to the bar by the Law Society
and they don't deserve to be hired by
any law firm in this country the Lincoln
Alexander school of law said it did not
endorse the letter and that it
unequivocally condemns all statements
that promote terrorism discrimination
racism violence and hate an overall uh
aggressive approach to silence and nip
in the butt any positions that speak
against the massive oppression that is
before us against the people of Gaza
meanwhile student union leaders at York
University remain defiant refusing to
retract statements of support for
Palestinian resistance and refusing to
resign despite pressure from the
administration former Justice Minister
David ledy and McGill Law School
administrator supports free speech on
campuses within limits universities are
an important place for for free speech
to happen but also where where people
learn about what the the legitimate
parameters of free speech are all
universities will have codes of conduct
as the unrest grows across campuses
Ontario's education minister is urging
universities to prioritize the safety
and well-being of students faculty and
staff Omar all right Judy thank you