streets is blocking some of the UK's top
military and spy Chiefs from giving
interviews and that's causing anger in
the Civil Service the British media says
that although the precise reason is not
clear One Source suggested that it was
because of General paranoia over
government messaging before next year's
election number 10 has told several
press officers that there is a
Minister's Only Rule in place it
prevents unelected senior leaders from
giving interviews or in some cases from
making any public statements at all
civil servants are Furious as they
believe that there's an important value
in having top military and Security
Experts offer their perspectives on
critical conflicts and they say that the
control exercised by number 10 was worse
under Rishi sunak than under previous
Prime Ministers sunak is said to have
been annoyed with one of the defense
Chiefs interviews last year the chief of
the defense staff Admiral Sir Tony Rakim
had said that the military is busy and
should not be treated as spare capacity
this as the ministers were preparing to
deploy 1,200 troops to cover striking
public sector staff further chief of the
general staff General cpatrick Sanders
is also believed to have angered number
10 by criticizing the government over
troop numbers as a result both ricin and
Sanders were prevented on several
occasions from speaking to the media
According to some sources
some spy agencies have also been blocked
from issuing statements about specific
events one Department dealing with
security issues was told it could issue
only reactive statements rather than
anything proactive in case it distracted
from the number 10 agenda the government
however says that the allegation that
number 10 had stopped senior figures
from speaking is not true it added that
high profile public figures including
defense and diplomatic staff have spoken
to media in recent months
[Music]