Israel's ongoing war with Hamas has led
to the country receiving its first ever
Sovereign downgrade credit rating Fair
Moody has lowered Israel's rating as the
war in Gaza takes a tall on Israel's
finances Moody cut Israel's Sovereign
credit rating by one Notch from A1 to A2
that's the sixth highest investment
grade and on par with Poland and Chile
the credit rating agency also changed
the overall Outlook to negative
a sovereign credit rating measures a
government's ability to repay its debts
a downgrade shows higher investment
risks associated with a country's
sovereign debt the credit rating agency
said and I quote the conflict and its
aftermath with Mally raise political
risks for Israel as well as weaken its
executive and legislative Institutions
and its fiscal strength for the
foreseeable
future however prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu sought to downplay the rating
cut he added that the decision does not
reflect the state of the country's
economy he says and I quote it is
entirely due to the fact that we are at
War the rating will go back up as soon
as we win the war the conflict which
erupted in October last year is
stretching public finances by deepening
the budget deficit the deficit has
reached 6.6% of gross domestic product
which would be among the widest for
Israel in the 2st
Century the fiscal cost of Israel's war
is forcing the government to rely far
more on debt the Central Bank estimates
that the war bill would come to about
$69 billion by the year 2025 the credit
downgrade however is only expected to
have a muted impact on markets that's
because Traders had already priced the
possibility of a
downgrade
for all the latest news download the
weon app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel