[Music]
def we are hearing regular um explosions
out here um probably there either
artillery firing or from firing from
tanks how close is this place to the
border and how vulnerable is this place
still now so we are extremely close to
the Border it is walking distance uh we
could walk and in a couple of minutes we
would be near the border and because of
that close proximity of course this
community was incred vulnerable to Hamas
um and we see we see the destruction uh
that came as a result of that proximity
so right now since morning we we've been
with you um since morning we can hear
repeated explosions so can you can you
please uh tell me what's what's
happening right now I mean I can hear
drones passing I can hear exp what's
happening so right now the IDF continues
to strike Hamas targets within the Gaza
Strip uh through the Air Force and
really the goal is to make sure that
Hamas can never do this again as and I
think as we walk here we can really
understand uh that Hamas can never have
the terror capability the administrative
capability of ever doing something like
this again um we've been hearing about a
ground offensive that Israel Defense
Forces would probably going go into Gaza
we've been hearing about that there's a
lot of talks about on that how prepared
is the Israeli Defense Forces for our
ground offensive if it even and when it
happens we're prepared for whatever the
government will tell us to do of course
the decision about a ground invasion is
something that the government would have
to make and we'll be prepared we'll be
prepared for whatever decision is made
uh what is happening right now these
explosions this these drones what what's
happening right now out here yeah I mean
I don't know tell you specifically in
this location right but I I I but we are
the IDF in the Air Force continues to
strike Hamas targets within the Gaza
Strip to strike targets such as Weapons
cachets launching sites uh command and
control centers intelligence centers
communication centers and just to Target
h M wherever they are to make sure that
they they can't do this ever again major
wise Israeli Air Force constantly
Hamas
[Music]
h
isaza
[Applause]
[Music]
for