[Music]
cries of agony permeate through this
hospital in gaza as doctors tend to the
dozens of wounded israeli air fire
killed at least 20 palestinians in gaza
on monday many of them children
israel said the strikes were in
retaliation for rockets launched into
israel from gaza there were no
casualties among israelis but the prime
minister still warned of a prolonged
operation
i tell you citizens of israel the
current confrontation may last for a
while we don't want an escalation but he
who chooses to escalate will feel our
arms strike
the rockets from gaza were in response
to israeli soldiers storming the al-aqsa
mosque on one of the holiest nights in
ramadan
while jordan has custodianship of the
compound israel maintains tight security
controls
more than 800 palestinians were wounded
many of them worshipping inside
what is happening in jerusalem and
al-aqsa mosque the israeli aggression
against worshippers and our families in
jerusalem is part of the mass israeli
aggression against the palestinian
people all over the palestinian
territories in the west bank gaza
jerusalem and even in occupied palestine
the violence follows a large-scale
palestinian protests against israel's
forced expulsion of several families
from their homes in the occupied east
jerusalem neighborhood of
these evictions are now temporarily on
hold possibly impacted by a call between
u.s and israeli national security
officials our national security adviser
jake sullivan reiterated concerns about
the potential evictions of palestinian
families from their homes and they
agreed that the launching of rocket
attacks and sending incendiary balloons
from gaza towards israel is unacceptable
and must be condemned so this is
something that our national security
team is closely monitoring obviously
across government certainly the
president is kept abreast and is
watching closely as well the biden
administration avoided putting blame on
one side over another
that violence needs to cease
all sides need to de-escalate
reduce tensions take practical steps to
calm things down washington provides
israel with more than three billion
dollars a year to help prop up its
military and for now palestinian
families are paying the heaviest price
yismina trt world
[Music]
you