50 Focus to Israel the country is once
again in the spotlight over its
contentious judicial reforms ahead of a
key court hearing on Tuesday the
demonstrators gathered outside the
Supreme Court in Jerusalem in a bid to
protest against the controversial
judicial overhaul by Nathan Yahoo's
hard-line government in the country
thousands of demonstrators took to the
streets in a build up to a court hearing
scheduled on a pivotal Clause of the
reform package that has triggered a
nationwide approach for months now
because today it's the beginning of a
process in which the supreme court of
justice in Israel is really under
immediate Danger from this corrupt
government and we need to stop it right
now
well for the first time in Israel's
history the whole 15 judge Supreme Court
bench will hear an appeal against the
judicial Amendment which was passed in
the month of July the overall led by
netanyahu's government has plunged the
country in the worst political crisis
that Israel has seen in years
um
[Applause]
the reforms have drawn months of
criticism over concerns that they hurt
the independence of the Court weaken the
democracy and also encourage corruption
in the country meanwhile the opposition
leaders have accused Netanyahu of trying
to use the proposed legal overhaul to
quash possible judgments against him the
Israeli Prime Minister is currently on a
trial for corruption charges which he
clearly denies
the Netanyahu Camp has maintained that
the overhaul is needed to ensure that
the court does not exceed its powers
while critics say that the
reasonableness Clause of the judicial
Bill states that the courts cannot hear
cases or issues order against elected
officials on the basis of the clause
[Music]