simply 100,000 people turned out last
night in in on a cold Michigan night to
vote for nobody uh that may seem odd uh
but it is I think if you are Joe Biden
uh in the house behind me a little bit
worrying um this is what happened yes on
the face of it if you look at the the
headlines as you just read them out uh
Biden won comfortably for the Democrats
Trump uncomfortably for the Republicans
it's going to be a rematch probably yes
but in individual states there are
interesting things happening and in
Michigan particularly remember a swing
state uh there are some very interesting
things happening and it is all about the
war in the Middle East Michigan is home
to a lot of of uh people of Middle
Eastern descent it is it is um a
Dearborn just outside Detroit uh is is a
very very um Middle Eastern orientated
part of the the state and a massive
protest vote took place there against
Joe Biden's support for Israel and
particularly uh the number of civilians
who have died uh in Gaza 100,000 people
ticked the uncommitted Box uh in the
Democrat Primary in Michigan last night
now yes Joe Biden won by what over 80%
of the vote but remember how tight
things are in Michigan uh 100,000 is an
awful lot um Trump uh won in 2016 by
just 10,000 votes that puts that in
context I think um and I I I think alarm
Bells will be ringing here in the White
House with that 100,000 number last
night on the other side Cali yes again
Trump did really really well but 30% of
Republicans who went out to vote in the
Republican primary last night did not
choose Donald Trump they either chose
Nikki Haley or they chose Ronda santz
who's not even running anymore that in
itself a former protest vote 30% of of
Republicans are not happy with Donald
Trump I think again that sends some
signal of some problem uh for the months
ahead it's clear
I think that it is Trump versus Biden uh
but how electable are both of those
politicians that's the key question all
right Mark really appreciate it Mark's
Stone there