protest numbers are growing every week
at home and around the world and Western
support is dwindling fast due to what
many Now call a genocide in Gaza
election now to change the Prime
Minister and the the all
ministers we don't believe them we think
they are not they're not right we think
they don't do enough for the hostage
they don't do enough for the war and we
want to change them us intelligence
reports suggest netanyahu's far-right
government may be in Jeopardy and in
Gaza Israel is struggling on the ground
against hammers in the US the Jewish
State's closest allies in the Congress
and in Senate also say the prime
minister is part of the problem Senator
Schumer contacted my staff my senior
staff he was going to make that speech
and uh he uh I'm not going to EXA
elaborate on a speech he made a good
speech and I think he uh expressed a
serious concern shared not only by him
but by many Americans Israel Biden was
referring to Senator Chuck Schumer the
Senate Majority Leader and the highest
ranking public official of Jewish origin
in the United States Schumer
traditionally a strong supporter of
Israel and Netanyahu blasted the prime
minister in a recent speech the fourth
major obstacle to peace is Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
who has all too frequently bowed to the
demands of extremists like ministers
smotri and Ben gavier and the settlers
in the West Bank criticism from the US
adds to the support from other Western
leaders pushing for a ceasefire and
demanding that Netanyahu sto the Carnage
in Gaza but Netanyahu refuses to
listen there are international pressures
to prevent us from entering Rafa and
completing the work as prime minister of
Israel I push away these pressures we
have been doing this successfully for 5
months already this is record time in
the history of Israel's Wars I will
continue to push away the pressures we
will enter Rafa we will complete the
elimination of the rest of hamas's
battalions despite his bado netanyahu's
position at home is increasingly
precarious Benny Gans his closest rival
is leading in popularity polls and was
recently fitted in a visit to Washington
DC the number of anti-g government
protesters are increasing by the week
all critical of Netanyahu their message
is clear stop the war recover the
hostages and then resign sh Hassan trt
world