[Music]
after weeks of Israeli bombing in Gaza
music and songs for the Palestinian
people come as a relief to many
tunisians in shock they've been glued to
their screen since the latest fighting
between Israeli forces and Hamas erupted
in
[Music]
October all the profits from the concer
will go towards humanitarian aid for the
Palestinians but for many support isn't
just
Financial for those who think it's a
festiv events I tell them it's not the
case Arts like other mediums allows one
to send a
message attending these kinds of events
is their bare minimum at least we can
help by celebrating their
culture while this kind of Charity is
allowed other cultural events like the
annual Carthage Film Festival have been
canceled in a show of solidarity since
the war broke out the decisions some
directors do not
understand we saw films here on South
Africa during a part hide we show all
kinds of films defending causes like for
the Palestinian people so it's very very
sad it's a hasty
decision he and film unions are asking
the ministry to reverse this decision
other artists who have links to
Palestinians are also defending the role
of culture in the face of War this
choreographer has long helped organize
contemporary dance festivals in the West
Bank I'm in touch with my Palestinian
friends every day know what's happening
we feel really helpless because we don't
know what we can do the only thing they
tell me over again is now I'll keep
speaking about us keep working because
you you are lucky to be able to
[Music]
[Applause]
work alongside cultural solidarity
organizations Banks and other businesses
are calling for donations to help the
humanitarian effort in
Gaza