they don't deserve to die as a
collateral damage Omar Mansour is
thankful his parents brother and six
sisters are alive in Gaza but he worries
every moment of every day that could
change they run out of all kind of water
um any uh medical supplies or um Food
Supplies the Canadian permanent resident
says this was the apartment where one of
his sisters her husband and their two
kids moved to in southern Gaza they came
here a few days into the conflict as
Israel ordered people to move South
Mansour says the day they got here they
survived an air strike which destroyed
the neighborhood we've seen more
bleeding coming through their nose
because of all the chemicals of the
bombings that is around them since
October 7th Mansour says he has gone
days without being able to reach his
relatives on Wednesday he contacted his
sister Ruba in southern Gaza shortly
after an air strike nearby the
we
are despite the spotty connection we
were able to speak with mansour's Uncle
who's an American citizen he says he and
his immediate family have traveled to
Rafa Crossing twice this week after
getting conflicting information from the
American embassy in Jerusalem no one's
pushing for us to evacuate or to leave
Gaza as American
citizen I need to know what's going on
mansur's immediate family are gazin he
said he came to Canada nearly a decade
ago in hopes of helping them I witnessed
the 56 days war in 2014 which afterwards
I decided to come and hope to Canada for
Education this is how skinny I was
because I was no food for like 20 days
and while he's now a world away he has
an idea of what they're going through
when genocide happens people understand
that it's a genocide when it's too
late it's not too late to stop a
genocide you need to act right
Nowa Global News Vancouver