I was a a shooting on a on a police
station we got a call about a terror
attack in the middle of
[Music]
[Music]
Jerusalem our thoughts and our prayers
go out to the two police officers who
were injured at the hands of this
terrorist one of them is in serious
condition according to Medical sources
the other in light
condition
[Music]
ask What's happen
shooting a short while ago an armed
terrorist used a submachine gun carload
style submachine gun to open fire at
police officers in front of the shalm
police station here in the city of
Jerusalem the terrorist attempted to
flee the scene before he was engaged by
Israel police and board of police
officers who managed to neutralize him
neutralizing the ongoing threat to the
rest of the public H we got a call about
a terror attack in the middle of
Jerusalem we arrived to the scene H we
saw two people who injured from a
gunshot uh one is seriously injured uh
we treat both of the patient and took
them to the hospitals in Jerusalem but
you heard the shooting we have shooting
how much
shooting 1 2 3 10 maybe 10 10 10
Maybeck now large police forces arrived
to the scene in order to secure the
perimeter we have sweeped the area to
make sure that is secure and that the
terrorist did not have any more
accomplices at this time I can tell you
the police have been reinforced in the
area to make sure that we can continue
to keep our civilians safe our thoughts
and our prayers go out to the two police
officers who were injured at the hands
of this terrorist one of them is in
serious condition according to Medical
sources the other in light condition and
our thoughts and our prayers also go out
to all the victims who have suffered the
atrocious acts at the hands of the
terrorists in the South we are going to
continue reinforcing our officers with
reservist with thoughts and prayers
we're going to do everything to stand
together in these challenging times
there is any news about the nationality
of the terrorist at this time we're not
releasing information about the
terrorists the case is still very
preliminary it's initial as more details
come in we will relay that information
to the
[Music]
Press
just