every morning here we get the news that
70 80 100 people have been killed
overnight we see the pictures time and
again of bodies being dug out of the
rubble and in the majority of cases it
is women and children who are being
killed 70% of those killed are women and
children and just to give you one more
figure as a day two mothers are being
killed every hour in Gaza that
information is coming from the World
Health Organization and given the role
of women and trying to support families
trying to keep their children together
trying to keep them alive you can
understand the devastating impact that
the loss of two mothers every hour can
have now in addition to that we have
soaring rates of acute malnutrition
particularly in the north of Gaza where
15% of children are now acutely
malnourished and it's important to say
that was not the situation before the
war this is the worst deterioration
H in malnutrition that has ever been
experienced worldwide so you have
mothers who are struggling to to feed
their children to find water to find
food to get access to showers you have
people living in camps where hundreds of
people H for hours to use one toilet
there's very little access to medication
very little opportunity to go to
hospital pregnant women are having to
deliver in tents if they get to hospital
they're being discharged immediately
afterwards and we told a story of one
woman a few days ago a Palestinian
mother who had spent 10 years trying to
become pregnant who had gone through
three cycles of IVF and who went to
sleep with her twins in her arms and
woke up in the middle of the night with
the house being destroyed by an Israeli
air strike and she lost those two
precious children she had waited so long
to have so there is a dreadful and
disproportionate impact uh on women in
this conflict women young girl and
children