and shifting Focus to continuous
coverage of the Israel Hamas war in the
latest Israel will send negotiators to
kathad to continue talks aimed at a
ceasefire in Gaza and return of hostages
held by Hamas this comes after talks in
Paris where Israel's Head of mad
intelligence service met with mediators
from the United States Egypt and Qatar
Israeli media later reported that the
meeting had concluded with the war
cabinet agreeing to send a delegation to
qar in the coming few days in a bit to
continue negotiations on weeks long
troops meanwhile clouds of smoke were
seen hovering above Gaza as Israel
continued its offensive in the
territory
an Israeli air strike in Gaza southern
city of Rafa killed eight people
including three women well according to
Witnesses the strike hit a home where
some of those who had been displaced by
the war were
[Music]
staying
the Israeli military has also released
footage showing paratroopers Brigade
operating in the gazan city of Kan Yunis
the video showed troops clearing
buildings with the help of service dogs
capturing weapons and then eliminating a
Hamas militant with a
drone meanwhile anti-government
demonstrations broke out in t aiv the
protest in the city's Kaplan Junction
was aimed at Israeli Prime Minister
Benin Nathan Yu demonstrators called
handling of the war in Gaza and its
impact on relations with neighboring
Arab
[Music]
countries
[Applause]
I don't want anything from the
government I want this government to go
this government is the bloodiest
government that is
responsible for the demolition of
Israeli
Society of all good neighboring ties
with the Arab neighbors besides the
terror which it's conducting amongst the
Palestinians in the West Bank and we
don't even have to talk about what's
happening in Gaza now police arrested 18
people after using water cannons to
dispers the demonstrators police said
that those arrested will be charged with
disorderly conduct at a short distance
from the protest site thousands held a
vigil for the
hostages
[Music]
p