US President Joe Biden held fond talks
with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu and discussed the possibility
of a tactical pause in Gaza to get
humanitarian Aid in and civilians out
while releasing hostages Israel remains
opposed to the idea as well as a
ceasefire until all the hostages are
released our e has the
latest US President Joe Biden and
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin netan
held talks Monday over a so-called
tactical pause for humanitarian reasons
as well to try to secure the release of
hostages held by Hamas according to the
White House spokesperson Joan kby the
two leaders discussed a temporary pause
in fighting to allow civilians in Gaza
to move to a safer place and ensure
assistance for those in need Kirby said
that the president and the Prime
Minister approved of the increase in
humanitarian Aid assistance during the
previous week and discussed the need to
increase Aid provision by enhancing the
capability to inspect and prepar trucks
entering Gaza the president reaffirmed
his support for Israel and securing
Israeli citizens from threats including
from Hamas while also emphasizing the
need to protect Palestinian civilians
and minimizing harm to them Natan has so
far made it clear that Israel would not
support a ceasefire saying that such a
move would equate to surrendering to
Hamas with the White House agreeing that
a general ceasefire would only benefit
the militants the discussion also
included the West Bank and the
importance of holding extremist Israeli
settlers responsible for their actions
during an uptick of violence in the area
the White House also said that Biden and
netan have agreed to continue their
discussions on matters related to the
conflict with voiders reporting that
Joan kby said the conversation is at the
beginning stage not at the end this
comes as US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin visited Israel again last Friday
for meetings with Israeli authorities
over the need for humanitarian aid for
Gaza and the release of hostages held by
Hamas natana rejected blink plan for a
humanitarian pause saying that hostages
would need to be released first I arang
news