good evening thank you for joining us
I'm yunjin Israeli forces are ramping up
their attacks on Gaza which included a
densely populated refugee camp causing
widespread casualties Israel says it has
eliminated a top Hamas commander and
took control of key Hamas positions in
the meantime the ongoing strikes and
operations have left some 10,000 people
dead chin Jong leads us
off
Israeli forces continue their attacks on
dense areas of Gaza on Tuesday the
Israeli military announced that it had
killed a top Hamas Commander responsible
for the October 7th attack on Israel in
air strikes targeting a refugee camp in
jabalia Gaza Hamas denied the claim
saying that none of the commanders were
there on Tuesday the Gaza Health
Ministry controlled by Hamas said the
strikes killed and wounded hundreds the
director of the nearby Indonesia
hospital has said at least 50 people
people were killed the health Ministry
spokesman said that the number of
victims may be the largest witnessed in
the war so far as part of Israel's
ground operation the Israel Defense
Forces said troops took control of
hamas's tunnels and Rocket launching
positions in the northern part of the
Gaza Strip and killed over 50 terrorists
it also reportedly hit more than 11,000
Targets in Gaza belonging to Hamas since
the War Began the ongoing Israel Hamas
War has so far killed more than 10,000
people according to gaza's health
Ministry at least 8,500 have been killed
in Palestine among the dead are some
3,500 children taking up more than a
third of the death toll according to
Israeli officials more than 1,400 people
have been killed in Israel meanwhile
Qatar has reportedly mediated an
agreement between Egypt Israel and Hamas
in coordination with the US to allow
foreign passport holders and some
severely injured people to move out of
Gaza C a relevant Source Reuters reports
that the agreement would allow the
people to cross the Rafa border between
Egypt and Gaza Chang adang news