we will destroy Hamas free our hostages
and ensure that Gaza doesn't ever pose a
threat to Israel again we will finish
the job in
Rafa while enabling the civilian
population to get out of Harm's
[Music]
Way
[Music]
we've taken measures to minimize
civilian casualties that no other Army
has taken in history so to our friends
in the International Community I say
this you cannot say you support Israel's
right to to exist and to defend itself
and then oppose Israel when it exercises
that right you cannot say you support
Israel's goal of destroying Hamas and
then oppose Israel when it takes the
actions necessary to achieve that goal
you cannot
say that you oppose hamas's strategy of
using civilians as human Shields and
then blame Israel for the civilian
casualties that result from this Hamas
cynical strategy for Israel every
civilian death is a tragedy for M every
civilian death is a strategy so it is
wrong and immoral to hold Israel to a
standard for avoiding civilian
casualties that no other country on
earth is held to my friends I want to
assure you none of these pressures will
stop us Israel's very future its very
survival is at
stake we have no other option but total
Victory and that Victory is in and
within reached I know that the
overwhelming majority of the American
people stand with
us I know that the overwhelming majority
of Congress stands with us I know that
you stand with
us I know that you're working tirelessly
day in day out to get us the tools so we
can finish the job faster and on behalf
of the United people of Israel I want to
say thank you APAC thank you for
everything you're doing for Israel God
bless Israel God Bless America thank
[Music]
you