the Israeli military says a rocket fired
from Lebanon has landed in Northern
Israel no casualties have been reported
it comes today after the Israeli
military killed seven members of
Hezbollah in attacks on Lebanon and
Syria the Israeli defense minister y
Galan says that Israel will expand
operations against Hezbollah Imran Khan
said this update from occupied East
Jerusalem you have has said and he's
been very clear about this perhaps the
clearest statement that we've heard from
him when it comes to the Northern
command in a very long time he's
actually said we will expand the
campaign and increase the rate of
attacks in the north Israel is turning
from being driven to pursuing uh
Hezbollah and we will reach wherever the
organization operates in Beirut in
Damascus and further field remember
they've actually already hit Beirut uh
before uh just a few months ago with the
killing of s Al aori the senior Hamas
leader in the Daka neighborhood in the
South so they've actually already hit
Beirut this is a threat against
Hezbollah members though s aruri was a
member of Hamas if they hit a senior
Commander then Hezbollah has to react
now speaking to a lot of military
analysts here this is also coming off
the back of yav galan's visit to the US
where uh he got his agreement to get the
Americans to speed up weapons and arms
deliveries to Israel this is despite uh
the fact that America has real concerns
when it comes to ruer the safe area
supposedly safe area in the Gaza Strip
where something like 1.3 million
Palestinians are the Americans don't
want a mass ground offensive they aren't
opposed to the Israelis going into Rafa
and the reason I bring up Rafa is
because military analysts suggest if
they get away with a major operation in
Rafa then it opens the floodgates to
going into Lebanon in much bigger form
than perhaps we've seen uh since 2006