and the decision for israel's closely
washing jarrah case has been delayed the
supreme court has proposed a compromise
to end this long legal fight but the
palestinians have rejected the offer the
top court suggested that four
palestinian families living in sheikh
jarrah could stay in their homes if they
recognize the land was owned by an
israeli company the decision is
extremely crucial at this point because
the violence in gaza has its origins in
this neighborhood
it has been at the center of the
israeli-palestinian conflict the
neighborhood is populated by 300
palestinians residing in 14 houses but a
legal challenge in the israeli supreme
court is seeking to evict four of these
families and bring in israeli settlers
instead the verdict was long delayed
amid escalating tensions under the
court's plan the palestinians would
remain as protected tenants tenants who
cannot be affected for the foreseeable
future according to israeli media
reports the compromise would allow the
palestinian families to continue living
in the homes for another 20 years during
which they will have to pay some rent to
the jewish trust the trusts which are
said to own the land before israel's
establishment in 1948
this offer stands rejected by the
palestinian families at this point
israel occupied east jerusalem in 1967
hundreds of palestinians were driven out
of their homes many of them found refuge
in sheikh jara or jordanian project here
in 1950s built houses for the displaced
palestinians but some of the land is
said to have been owned by jewish
associations
israelis argued that sheikh jara
belonged to jews in east jerusalem
before the 1948 war under israeli law
jewish groups can claim land that once
belonged to the jews even before the
foundation of the state of israel
beyond is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move