also this uh Israel will be marking its
75th Independence Day in just two days
in fact it will observe its Memorial Day
tomorrow but yet again the streets of
Tel Aviv City are filled with protesters
ignoring security threats they have been
demanding revocation of judicial reforms
introduced by government led by prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu for four
months now Israel's independence day is
typically meant to be a day of
displaying National Unity this year's
event will Mark 75 years since
establishment of the Jewish State though
National Unity was clearly on display in
Tel Aviv on Saturday but not in the way
that government would have desired tens
of thousands of people holding national
flags flocked to the streets by
displaying placards and chanting slogans
they reiterated their demand to repeal
the judicial laws which gives the
government more power over the Supreme
Court the plans have already been
altered in the wake of the mass
demonstrations which are now in their
16th consecutive week the protesters say
that they want nothing less than a
complete revocation of the laws Israel's
Memorial Day is just a day away it
commemorates those killed in Israel's
Wars and in Terror attacks the Israelis
present explained why they were
continuing to protest despite being days
away from two events of national
significance or importance
we
is
foreign
the judicial plans introduced by
Netanyahu in December have sparked an
outcry they give government the power to
Overtown Supreme Court's decisions and
appoint judges some provisions of the
legislation have already been passed by
Israel's parliament called the knesset
that's now who says that the laws are
important to curb the overreaching
powers of Judges but critics say that
the laws will destroy the Democratic
nature of the state and open more doors
for corruption
okay
Leon is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move
[Music]