the Israeli military it's mobilized
tanks on Gaza Border in preparation for
a ground offensive and it's targeting
Hamas and its infrastructure Iran warned
Israel of escalation if it failed to end
aggression against Palestinians and
stated the resistance front can defend
itself now apart from funding Hamas
Israel's arch nemesis backs Hezbollah in
Lebanon as well where crossb fire has
intensified prompting Israel to shut the
area to civilians now Israel declared
war on Hamas after its Fighters broke
through the
border and shot
stabbed and burn more burned to death
more than 1,400 people most of them
civilians the Relentless Israeli bombing
has flattened neighborhoods and it's
left 2600 people dead in the Gaza Strip
the majority ordinary Palestinians
hitting out at Israel the Iranian
foreign
minister
on Tuesday Iran's Top Authority supreme
leader Ayah Ali keni said tan was not
involved in the Hamas groups attack on
Israel he hailed what he called Israel's
irreparable military and intelligence
defeat Iran's foreign minister
Amah stated an attack on G would open
new fronts of resistance in West Asia in
a statement Hamas said the Iranian
foreign minister met with the militant
groups leader isma Han on Saturday in
Qatar where they agreed to continue
cooperation however Iran's mission to un
told news agency Reuters that if Israel
does not attack it its interests or
Iranian citizens then Tan's forces would
not engage militarily with t Aviv Israel
has long
accused Iran's clerical ruler of stoking
Violence by supplying arms to Hamas
Teran says it gives moral and financial
support to the group which controls the
Gaza
Strip
Israeli military Chief leant General
halvi told soldiers that would be
entering Gaza to root out Hamas
targeting every place every Commander
every operator military spokesman said
any ground offensive would be triggered
by a political
decision Israeli aircraft on Sunday
struck about 250 targets killing the
Hamas southern district
Commander
meanwhile Palestinian leader Mahmud
Abbas said the policies and actions of
Hamas do not represent the Palestinian
people he stated the Palestinian
Liberation Organization was the only
legitimate representative of the
Palestinian
people
[Music]