these people have already been displaced
several times like many people taking
shelter in Rafa they fear another Mass
displacement as Israeli forces gear up
for an invasion of the southern city on
the border with
Egypt we have been displaced to canun
and then we came to the Egyptian border
and we can't be displaced anymore we
will either die here or we go back and
die in our houses nowhere is safe in the
entire G as a strip right up to the
Border fence with Egypt Rafa was once
designated by the Israeli military as a
safe zone now it has turned into a
makeshift T crammed with tens of
thousands of homeless people UNICEF says
it's one of the most densely populated
places on Earth with over half of gaza's
2.3 million population seeking shelter
here residents face a string of
challenges including accessing food
clean water and medicines circumstances
the World Health Organization says are
responsible for a spike in infectious
diseases particularly among children in
Rafa we are living on the sand in a
transparent tent there is no space we
are cramped in there is no food or drink
not even water to wash ourselves we are
cooking in steel pots and I wash in this
container my children freeze at night
from the cold and the tent leaks if
there will be more displacement I'm not
moving world leaders and international
organizations have expressed concerns
over the potential ground operation
saying such an offensive could result in
an unspeakable humanitarian catastrophe
Palestinians have endured repeated
Israeli strikes for over four months
exacerbating an already dire
humanitarian situation the UN says
around 80% of the strip's population is
dependent on Aid
meanwhile Hamas has warned that a
military operation in Rafa would blow up
prisoner exchange talks but with the
Israeli Prime Minister seemingly set on
targeting the last remaining shelter for
Palestinians when and where their ordeal
finally comes to an end is anyone's
guess hun trt world