broadcast on Iranian State television
this footage purports to show the strike
that killed Sayad razi mavi the esteemed
senior adviser in Iran's revolutionary
guard died on the outskirts of the
Syrian capital on Monday tyan has blamed
an Israeli air
strike our reaction to the assassination
will be smart strong and with the
necessary
Effectiveness on Tuesday the Israeli
defense minister hinted the country had
retaliated in Syria but stopped short of
confirming the
strike we are having a multi-front war
we are under attack from seven different
fronts Gaza Lebanon Syria Judea and
Samaria Iraq Yemen and Iran
irq we have already responded on six of
these
fronts da Iran provides both military
and financial backing to Hamas in Gaza
and since the outbreak of the war
iran-backed groups in Syria Iraq and
Yemen have launched a slew of attacks on
us and Allied Forces on Monday militias
conducted a drone attack on herbal
Airbase wounding three US service
members one critically in response
Washington said it struck three SES used
by pro-iran
groups while we do not seek to escalate
conflict in the region we are committed
and fully prepared to take further
necessary measures to protect our people
and our
facilities the iran-backed KB Hezbollah
makes up part of the hashed AL shabi a
coalition of former paramilitary forces
now integrated into Iraq's regular army
the Iraqi government hit back at the
American strikes saying this step harms
bilateral relations between the two
countries and above all represents an
unacceptable violation of Iraqi
sovereignty according to Baghdad the
strikes killed one member of the
security forces and wounded over a dozen
people including
civilians