spee
fore you said that only today it was a
tragic incident obviously could would
think otherwise you know civilians being
fired fired at while trying to get some
piece of food but there is someone in
Israeli security Ministry says that they
acted excellently at the IDF and its
Madness to deliver humanitarian Aid to
Palestinian civilians and you've been
saying that the president made it very
clear that indiscriminate boming of Gaza
and you've been speaking to your
counterparts but if this is the
government that you've been speaking to
is that any result that's been produced
hey I I can't speak for that individual
we've been having these conversations
for months now but the result doesn't
seem to be much different on the ground
so is there a sense of urgency within
the Department of Defense that
perhaps we should change the way that
we're talking to our Israeli
counterparts look I think we've been
very transparent in terms of how we're
communicating with our Israeli
counterparts uh as well as our efforts
to try to support the people of Gaza in
terms of humanitarian assistance uh and
and ensuring that their safety is taken
into account um but we also again
recognize uh that Hamas plays a factor
in all of this and Hamas has not given
up and laid down their arms uh and are
still threatening to uh attack Israel
and and conduct operations uh and again
you know I'm not going to lay out
Israel's campaign plan I'm not going to
lay out uh specific operations that
they're doing on a daily basis but we
have seen them change some of their
approaches uh and how they're conducting
operations but again as I highlighted
too many civilians have been killed and
so we'll continue to consult with them
communicate with them and expect them to
abide by the the uh International
humanitarian law