ground and how are you planning to
tailor your operations in light of this
this news from the UN that fuel could
run out tonight for
hospitals yeah well actually it is uh it
is Andra that has said that fuel is
running out uh our supplies our fuel
supplies are running out and if we do
not get an urgent shipment of fuel in
the coming hours tonight uh then
tomorrow we will have to make some
really tough decisions with regards to
Cuts in our humanitarian response
including to cater and respond to
600,000 people the needs of those people
are huge they are taking shelter in
Andra facilities and Andra
buildings and so hundreds of thousands
of people rely on your Aid and
assistance for survival just how
catastrophic is this situation
is very very bad it is getting from bad
to worse by the hour people continue to
flee people continue to come to our
shelters the number are increasing our
own staff have become displaced
themselves we lost 38 colleagues of ours
who work with onra half of them were
teachers in un
schools now some AIDS has been coming
into or I think 54 trucks through the
Raffa Crossing so far about 250 still
waiting to get across can you put that
into perspective for us how does that
compare to to what is usually getting
through in terms of aid for
Gaza so just over 60 trucks of
humanitarian supplies just over 60
trucks have crossed over in the past
four days however it is a drop in the
ocean of overwhelming needs of people
and it is only 1% % of what Gaza used to
bring uh what what Gaza used to to to um
to have to to get if you wish Before the
War Began um and so it is by far not
enough and those convoys have not
contained Fuel and fuel is running out
and it's running out fast with huge
humanitarian implications on people in
need in the Gaza Strip communities in
need in the Gaza Strip yeah it's
incredibly incredibly desperate
situation at Juliet tumor from unra
thank you very much indeed for talking
to us