with the Israel Hamas war in its third
month the Israeli Army released footage
on Monday showing soldiers engaged in
combat operations in Northern Gaza Strip
meanwhile the leaders of Israel's
military and Security Agency visited
soldiers in Khan Yunis in the South they
extoled Israel's successes in Gaza
saying the war has debilitated and
demoralized Hamas causing 500 militants
to surrender in the past
month there is a lot of pressure here
and I think that this surrender the
people who come out and raise their
hands is a Breaking of the spirit it
also accelerates the achievements and in
the end we want to move forward
quickly the head of the sheen bet
Security Agency said the war has been
focused to free hostages but also Broad
in order to collapse the operational and
governmental infrastructures in Gaza yet
that large scope has also led to the
deaths of thousands of Palestinian
civilians and driven nearly 85% of the
Gaza strips to 2.3 million people from
their homes in D abah in central Gaza
Strip residents pulled survivors from
the rubble following an Israeli strike
on Monday wounded civilians have been
treated at an increasingly strained
health system in which the UN says only
14 of the Gaza strip's 36 hospitals are
functioning at any capacity in addition
to injuries from military strikes
civilians must also deal with rampant
infectious diseases resulting from
crowded conditions and cold wet weather
these include gastrointestinal illnesses
upper respiratory tract infections and
skin
diseases there is also worrying spread
of viral hepatitis requiring the
isolation of affected patients and
ensuring their proper
nutrition However unfortunately we are
unable to provide this care to the
patients given the dire living
conditions even normally mild illnesses
can pose grave risks to Palestinians
especially children older adults and the
imuno compromised