welcome to the program we begin with
reports that Iran's revolutionary guard
has raided and seized a container ship
in the Gulf it's believed the vessel was
barded in the straight of hus a key
Transit point for World gas and oil
supplies Iranian media reported that the
MSC Aries belongs to a company owned by
an Israeli businessman and the ship is
being transferred to Iranian territorial
Waters dorsa Jabari is our correspondent
in the Iranian Capital tan uh with more
on this obviously it's a developing
story uh dors so what more do we know
about this incident which plays really
into a much larger story within the
region certainly um soell this comes at
a time when everybody's on edge not only
in Iran but in this entire middle east
region waiting for Iran to respond to
that attack on its Consulate in Damascus
on April 1st what we do know about this
particular incident is that the naval
forces of the Revolutionary guard um got
on board this vessel via a helicopter um
in the past few hours as it was making
its way to the straight of hus to pass
through according to reports on Iran
State tv the Revolutionary guard seiz
this vessel um it is believed that it
was uh making its way from the UAE to
India and it's a Portuguese flagged ship
belonging to an Israeli billionaire now
what we do know is that the Sheep the
ship was seized in northwest of the
United Arab Emirates Port City of fuera
and it's now making its way to Iranian
uh Port we don't have any more details
yet and we're expecting the
Revolutionary guard uh to release a
statement usually in the past scenes
like this that we've seen from the
Revolutionary guard they do film the uh
incident themselves and they do release
the footage to give us an idea of
exactly how they manag to seize vessels
like this one so we're waiting to get
more information from the Revolutionary
guard media uh division itself dorsa
thanks very much for that obviously
we'll come back to you once we get more
information coming out of Iran