what do we
want when do we want it senior
conservative MP Tobias Elwood says
thankfully no one was hurt and at least
60 Pro Palestine activists surrounded
his house for more than three hours but
it wasn't an isolated
incident now he's backing moves by
ministers to urge police forces to use
robust measures to protect MPS from
harassment over their stance on Israel
before there's another grave attack the
call for police to stop mobs targeting
MPS comes in a letter to Chief
constables from the security minister
Tom tugan hat and the policing Minister
Chris philp the intimidation of
democratically elected representatives
is unacceptable The Minister's right MPS
shouldn't have to worry about the effect
that carrying out their duties will have
on their personal safety nor should they
have to choose between their family's
safety and serving their
country what she doing the government's
adviser on political violence has
welcomed the intervention by ministers
the approach by different forces is not
uniform at the moment some are taking
Swift action some are letting these
protest run and there's a real risk in
that of a threat to the individual and a
really corrosive def effect on our
democracy that we shouldn't tolerate and
action needs to be taken the heightened
concerns for MP safety follow the
murders of the labor MP Joe Cox in 2016
and the veteran conservative MP sir
David amus in
2021 and conservative MP Mike frier now
wears a stab vest and is quitting at the
next election because of intimidation
including an arson attack a former labor
leader blames social media and a change
in culture what I just hope is not going
to happen is any repetition of murderous
assault which we've seen since 2016 and
the vile murder of my beloved friend
Joel Cox as well as this being an
election year there's currently huge
tension over the Middle East and this
week MPS will vote on a Scottish
national party demand for an immediate
ceasefire that's putting added pressure
from Pro Palestine activists on labor
MPS in
particular
and as the election draws closer
pressure on police to step up protection
of politicians of all parties is bound
to grow John Craig Sky News