this drive to the airport and the legal
battle that drew international attention
for a year and a half the
israel-palestine director for Human
Rights Watch on my jacket Thank You has
left Israel this is the first
deportation since a 2017 law that bars
entry for supporters of the boycott
divestment and sanctions movement
against Israel the Israeli government
says shacket has been active in the BDS
campaign in the past it's not about Omar
it's about Human Rights Watch there's no
point replacing Omar because our next
researcher would have the exact same
problem that Omar get in 2016 Human
Rights Watch issued a call for
businesses to stop operating in illegal
Israeli settlements in the occupied West
Bank a call the Israeli Supreme Court
said amounts to a boycott Shakur won't
be leaving his post and we'll continue
working from abroad
he says the Human Rights Watch will
double its efforts so that it's not
affected by his deportation ultimately
what I'm facing is small but I hope that
this is a clear message to the world
because ultimately if the world isn't
able to stop Israel from deporting
somebody documenting rights abuse how is
it ever gonna stop rights abuse earlier
this month
Israel's Interior Minister area Derry
said all those who work against Israel
will not be allowed to live or work in
the country after Shockers deportation
many here wondering who might be next
the human rights organizations say that
the decision doesn't target only who
advocate a boycott but it's a warning
against any critic of the Israeli
occupation
Laith abu zaid is a Palestinian working
with Amnesty International in Ramallah
he was denied the right to travel
outside of the West Bank in October and
he says this is because of his work
against Israeli settlements the ban was
imposed a couple of months after we
released the campaign against online
companies that work in Israeli
settlements so this is obviously an
attack not only against me but against
all the critical voices that speak
against what is really good
is doing Israel considers the BDS
movement a strategic threat while rights
activists say it's one of the few ways
left to fight against the Israeli
occupation Lida Ebrahim al Jazeera the
occupied West Bank