to us at another flight to bring back
stranded Indians from Israel the flight
will leave from India today and bring
back uh citizens tomorrow as of now the
number of stranded passengers who want
to come back to India isn't very huge
for now only Air India flights are being
used to get back those who are stranded
and want to return operation aay is
something that we talking about this
flight will leave from India today there
are already multiple flights that have
flown in to Israel and to different
parts of Israel to get stranded Indians
back to India it's called operation a
there are also special helpl lines that
have been launched there are hundreds of
Indian students who are there in Tel
Aviv and at various universities in
Israel studying there for now they are
safe and also uh their curriculum or
their education is going as per plan but
of course all situations need to be
taken into account p with us on the
broadcast uh P tell us more what we
given to understand by way of top
government sources uh you know Ana is
very simple that at this point in time
there'll be another flight which will
leave from India today to go to Israel
to get our people back and possibly that
flight should land sometime later
tomorrow night or early day after
tomorrow morning is what we're given to
understand as of now the number of
people who want to come back is not all
that you know uh you know Earth
shattering or scary that you know
various other airlines will have to be
deployed because we saw what happened in
the Ukraine crisis that private Airlines
also came in to the rescue of the
citizens as well but here as of now Air
India is being deployed and that should
be enough is what the government is now
telling us and also everybody's been
kept on standby because of mon the
situation you know it's a very very
tricky situation is what I'm going to
understand over there as well and people
are a little confused whether they
should actually leave their back package
behind and come back so if if the number
of people who want to come back inrees
and probably the Indian Air Force and
the other services can be dressed into
account is what we given to understand
as of now thank you pal for bringing
that perspective to us there's a press
conference by bjp's gorov baa let's cut
across to that