[Music]
I'm Matthew Lee I am the Diplomatic
writer for the Associated Press I cover
the state department and US foreign
policy are you encouraging the Israelis
to delay
Invasion talking in this do have you any
word on any additional hostage Rel say
Sir the the the Biden Administration
faces a really really delicate Balancing
Act here there are multiple things
involved relating to the US commitment
to Israel's uh
[Music]
defense Tim
Tim
[Music]
one is the fate of the hostages that
Hamas holds two is the fate of civilians
Palestinian civilians in Gaza uh three
is the threat of a broader um Middle
Eastern war and four is short of a
broader Eastern Middle Eastern War um
you know stepped up attacks on us
facilities
and um interests throughout the region
particularly in in in in the Gulf uh the
Persian Gulf and uh in Iraq in Syria in
[Applause]
Lebanon
Secretary of Defense has directed Two
carrier strike groups to the region and
we are now sending more air defenses to
US Air bases in the region while of
course adhering to International
humanitarian law including the
protection of
civilians and that's why we are seeing
um not only an emphasis on getting new
military equipment out to the region
from the US side uh but also a uh you
know a suggestion to the Israelis to hey
let us get our ducks in a row here
before uh you go
in that's why we haven't seen uh a
ground incursion so far despite uh you
know all the uh you know comments from
Israeli officials saying this is
imminent and it's coming quickly uh it
hasn't happened yet but you know that
could change at any
time you know that's why they're Towing
such a very delicate line here they want
to support Israel but at the same time
they also want to make sure that
uh that that assistance to those in need
uh is getting into Gaza and that people
who are American citizens who are in
Gaza are able to get out and it's all
fraught with in very intense
difficulties
[Music]
it
[Music]
what
[Music]
time
with
e
I
get back shab get
back
sure
for
[Music]
up
spe
do
doesn't
spe
you
[Music]
[Music]
I
[Music]
about
[Music]
[Applause]
spe