President Joe Biden heads to Israel at a
critical juncture amid warnings threats
and troop movement in Gaza on Sunday he
called on Netanyahu to allow Aid into
Gaza his visit is illustrative of
America's iron clat support to Netanyahu
and two American warships are offering
support from the Mediterranean Sea two
lots of ground ammunition from the US
have also reached the IDF but this time
around President Joe Biden will keep the
focus on deescalation and getting
humanitarian Aid into Gaza currently
Israel receives around $3.8 billion in
military aid from the us annually under
a memorandum signed in 2019 and that's
about 16% of Israel's total military
budget in
2022 now President Biden's trip is going
to be full of challenges his
normalization plan between Israel and
Saudi Arabia has taken a hit but he will
also have to use symbolism of his
presence to address multiple audiences
each with a subtly different message he
needs to win Egypt's confidence to
implement its promise prise of opening
Rafa border to refugees and Aid he also
needs to convince the Saudis the kataris
Turks and others in the region that
peace between Israel and Gaza is key to
stability in the region Putin's China
visit also makes Joe Biden's truce bid
even more critical and as far as a
ground offensive is concerned perhaps
the one reason why Israel has delayed it
is the repeated threats from Lebanon
based Hezbollah which has immense
backing from Iran President Biden's
visit to Israel reinforces Washington's
commitment to stability in West Asia and
Israel's internal security but will his
visit bring any relief to Gaza residents
and restore normaly in the region is the
question Netanyahu needs to
answer