but the Biden Administration the protest
began peacefully enough demonstrators
sitting in silence and holding up their
hands painted red to represent the blood
of those killed and injured in
Gaza but each time the Secretary of
State attempted to address the Senators
he was shouted down Palestinians aren
animal eventually one by one the
protesters were removed from the chamber
for a
ceas on you own when calm had been
restored and blink registered their
concerns but said the US was committed
to supporting Israel's war against Hamas
but all of us know the imperative of
standing up with our allies and partners
when their security when their
democracies are threatened that's what's
happening now we stand resolutely with
them even as we stand resolutely for the
protection of innocent civilians
lawmakers are being asked to approve a
combined package of more than a hundred
billion do for Israel and Ukraine
Ukraine while supporting the money for
Israel some Republicans want to stop
paying for Ukraine's war with Russia the
defense secretary said that would be a
huge mistake I can guarantee you that
without our without our support Putin
will be successful uh if we pull the rug
out from under him now uh Putin will
only get stronger and he will he will be
successful in doing what he wants to do
in acquiring his neighbor's uh Sovereign
territory the US Administration is
concerned about the way the issue of
continued funding for Ukraine is
becoming a political Battleground but
for now at least lawmakers are pretty
much United in their desire to give
extra financial support for Israel
3,500 kids dead and the protesters
appear equally determined to prevent it
resed on that war in Iraq that you
talked about John bra trt World
Washington what we're doing right now
and supporting Israel's k side of Gaza
is a terrible thing
to