[Music]
there is panic in Jerusalem's Old City a
young Palestinian man is lying beaten
bleeding and shaky his neighbors rushed
to help Israeli soldiers surround him
but don't provide a medical assistance
the man is 20 year old monster pharrell
Maghrebi we find him here recovering at
home in the shadow of the western wall
like every day I went to sit in the
streets in the old area with my friends
and like every day we saw the Jewish
people living a laksa
I saw a group of them talking to my
friend and then I woke up in hospital I
don't remember anything until I saw the
video
witnesses say Jewish settlers unprovoked
attacked him his mother only found out
later we have the bond dear I'm afraid
for sure maybe next time something worse
will happen to my son I don't want to
lose any of them they're grown now but
they don't have anywhere to go like a
gym or something so they have to spend
their time on these streets the area is
a flashpoint the narrow alleyways lead
to Islam's third holiest site the
al-aqsa mosque it's also the holiest
site in Judaism there's a lot of
security in the area but that doesn't
actually prevent non-muslims from going
to the al-aqsa mosque compound which is
down this way in fact the non-muslims
who want to go there including tourists
and Jews and settlers there always
accompanied by security traditionally
only Muslims entered the mosque compound
but that started to change in 2000 and
former Israeli prime minister Ariel
Sharon entered the mosque that visit
sparked the Second Intifada
and in the past few years Israeli
security has led tens of thousands of
people in against the wishes of the
Islamic what if that has overseen the
site since 1967 and Aqsa is for all
Muslims is open for all Muslims and they
should all come to pray here because now
al-aqsa is under attack from Jews people
here say this is just one more example
of Jewish encroachment on sensitive
Muslim and Christian sites and one more
barrier to peace in the Holy Lands
seralini trt world Jerusalem
[Music]
you