Bolivia's government says it's breaking
diplomatic ties with Israel accusing it
of committing crimes against humanity in
Gaza Bolivia cut ties with Israel in
2009 after its attacks on the Gaza Strip
only restoring them in 2020 Bolivia says
it condemns the aggressive and disp
disproportionate Israeli military
offensive Manuel rapo is following
developments from Mexico
City the government of Bolivia has
officially severed ties with the state
of Israel we are treating this as a
developing story because following that
Announcement by the Bolivian government
uh there were also statements made by
other South American countries that they
would be taking diplomatic actions of
their own countries like Chile and
Colombia who have announced that they
would be recalling their ambassadors uh
to Israel now the decision by Bolivia is
a direct response to alleged human
rights violations and alleged war crimes
by Israeli Defense Forces in the Gaza
Strip I want to read you just a portion
of the statement that was was issued by
the Bolivian government on Thursday
afternoon which reads quote we demand an
end to the attacks on the Gaza Strip
which have so far claimed thousands of
Civilian lives and caused the forc
displacement of Palestinians this is not
the first time historically that Bolivia
has severed ties with Israel this was
done in 2009 by former Bolivian
president Evel Morales in response to
Israel's invasion of the Gaza Strip but
again to the point of this being a
developing story answering that question
of whether or not we can expect other
Regional leaders to also take uh
diplomatic actions of their own uh
Colombian president Gustavo Pedro took
to Twitter announcing he would be
recalling his Ambassador Chile's
president Gabriel bodic announced on the
social media platform x uh that he would
be recalling his Ambassador referring to
the bombardment of Gaza as quote
Collective punishment now it is quite
late here in Mexico City but uh it is
reasonable to expect that other Regional
leaders will make their positions heard
we should be expecting more statements
from leaders around Latin America
probably more so in the daylight hours
Manuel rapo Al jazer Mexico City