is the war in West Asia changing gears
is the question now the fear of Gaza War
escalating even further is increasing as
within 24 hours of US forces shooting
down 11 drones fired by the houi rebels
over the Red Sea the commander of the US
Army Central Command is expected to
visit Israel today to discuss the threat
of an Iranian attack against Israel
according to reports the sent com Chief
General Michelle Killa is expected to
meet Israel's defense minister yuav
galand and IDF Chief of Staff hery halvi
along with senior IDF officials the
expected meeting comes against the
backdrop of United States and Israel
preparing for a possible Iranian attack
the two allies fear that thean might
attack Israel using ballistic missiles
drones and cruise
missiles the rising tensions in the
region are also playing out on the
maritime front the war in West Asa has
spilled over into the Red Sea in the
latest the United States has shot down
11 drones belonging to Yemen's Iran back
guy Rebels after the group claimed it
had targeted Israeli and American
vessels off the Gulf of Aiden according
to the US Central commanded forces shot
down three drones launched from houti
controlled areas on Wednesday morning
and later in the day America said that
it shot down eight more drones the
Downing of drones by the US comes after
the houis had carried out attacks on
wessels that targeted two Israeli ships
as well as an american commercial vessel
and a US warship in the Gulf of aen the
attack on Wessel comes as part of huti's
stated campaign of solidarity with the
Palestinians in Gaza since October 7th
according to reports the rebel group has
targeted more than 40 vessels in the
globally critical
Waterway the current challenges faced by
one of the globe's busiest shipping
routes is being witnessed by the world
at the
moment for all the latest news download
the Von app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel