the campaigns against anti-Semitism the
events organizer has told us over 40,000
people are expected to attend today's
demonstration in central London the Met
police have said that hate crimes
against the Jewish community in the
country have been rising ever since the
eruption of the Middle East crisis in
October today demonstrators including
Jews or non-jews are gathering at the
Royal cuse for justice to show their
solidarity
and support for the Jewish Community
before Israel had even beg its military
response was a massive outbreak of
anti-Semitism around the world here in
London um the Metropolitan Police has uh
reported increases in anti-semitic crime
of
1,350 over the same period last year
Jewish people in this country and
especially in London feel under threat
they feel frightened like never before
and they feel that the institution that
should be defending them have abandoned
them and do you feel anti-Semitism in
London right now yes they feel um
canceled
out um so just why the way people are
talking or the media is reporting what
happened in Israel and what is
continuing to happen in Israel um so
that kind of cancels us out and
positions us as if we're the enemy and
that's very uh very
sad Tommy Robinson who is considered a
far right activist was escorted by the
police officers before the demonstration
started over the weekend uh there were
about 1,500 police offices on duty on
Saturday over 100,000 Pro Palestinian uh
protesters took to the streets of
central engine to show their support for
Palestinians and caught for a complete
ceasefire aing arrests were made some of
which were linked to inciting hate
crimes leg cgtn Central London