in Ecuador the president insisted today
his country already in a state of
emergency is now in a state of war with
drug gangs CTV genv B on the crisis and
the Canadians caught in
it armed forces and police set their
sites on drug cartels calling gangs
military
Targets this after Ecuador's president
Danielle naboa declared his country was
now at War officials say they've
arrested more than 70 people displaying
a forceful response aimed at reassuring
the country of 18 million people there's
a curfew shops are closed classes
cancelled and streets in the main cities
are nearly
empty still violence continues it just
feels that the level of insecurity and
and just unknown have just escalated you
know Jeff Karam is a Canadian from
Toronto living in Ecuador for 18 years
now with his family A man was shot
blocks from his office yesterday just an
odd bullet that that just unfortunately
hit him and killed him and um he he's a
father has a um has a family Ecuador was
once a peaceful Haven in South America
in The Last 5 Years though gangs buying
for the control of the drug trade have
morphed it into a narco war zone and
they've taken control of nearly 1/4 of
the country's prisons nabar has vowed to
cacked down on Monday he declared a
state of emergency after the prison
break of a Kingpin adula Marcia's Alias
fto gangs have taken guards and police
officers hostage videos of executions
have circulated
online the escalation of violence came
into sharp Focus Tuesday masked men
stormed a television station pointing
guns wielding explosives as people
watched on live
TV police tactical Squad ended the
standoff arresting a dozen people that
TV station is 20 minutes from karam's
home now he's considering whether to
pack up and leave it's really sad that
uh that Equador has has turned into what
it is um because it really is an amazing
country more than 2,300 Canadians are
registered in Ecuador in recent days 18
of them have reached out to Global
Affairs for questions surrounding issues
like travel Omar all right Jen thank you