the Urgent effort to free the hostages
still held by Hamas in Gaza some of them
Americans but Israel now focusing on a
new phase of the war saying it could
take months here's ABC's brick clenet in
Israel again
tonight tonight Israel ratcheting up the
rhetoric on Regional tensions with the
Israeli defense ministers saying Israel
is under attack on several fronts
including Syria and Lebanon where the
IDF claims to have hit Hezbollah targets
Israel is facing mounting International
pressure to secure a deal to free the
more than 100 hostages still held by
Hamas President Biden speaking to Qatar
Air the two leaders discussing the
Urgent effort to release all remaining
hostages including American citizens and
the need to boost humanitarian Aid to
Gaza overnight Israel conducting some of
its heaviest strikes in this war hitting
locations in Central and Southern Gaza
the Hamas run Health Ministry saying
more than 250 people have been killed in
24 hours hundreds more
injured the World Health Organization
describing the dire state of gaza's
healthc Care Systems almost all of the
hospital Services have stopped
functioning either because the
facilities themselves have been affected
because the staff have been forced to
flee because they run out of power or
they run out of medical supplies under
the constant
bombardment dozens of gazen children
playing at this un School grasping onto
a sense of normaly 10-year-old ran said
saying we play we play to forget the
pain we've
experienced Whit late today an Israeli
War cabinet minister said the next steps
in the fight will also be powerful deep
and surprising adding that the campaign
will continue and will be expanded
according to needs with brick clanet for
us again tonight in Israel thank
you hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching