outside a prison in Jerusalem where
Palestinian prisoners were released and
reunited with their families what did
you
see well wolf we weren't allowed to see
anything
Israeli authorities blocked off roads
coralled the media into one location um
brought the Palestinians in uh through
the back door when they received them
and then only allowed family members to
come in very limited single file in
individual
cars
and there's a reason for that because
unlike uh the images of Celebration
where you which you might have seen from
ramala and the West Bank here in East
Jerusalem Israeli authorities were
better able to enforce the dictat of
their far-right national security
minister who has who has deemed the
prisoners released today as terrorists
but not just that he said any
Palestinian who self CES will themselves
be charged as
terrorists there's no grounds to call
them terrorists because by Israel's own
Reckoning those 39 prisoners were uh 15
minors 10 of whom were only charged and
24 women
23 were sorry were detained not charged
and 10 of the miners were detained not
char child it's it complicates telling
this story so imagine your daughter has
come home to you and you have to hide
indoors to express your
joy I want to show you this video wolf
of a a daughter reuniting with her
mother that was sent to us by the family
take a
listen
[Applause]
[Music]
that young lady you see there the reason
I mean I there's no reason it's her
daughter but beyond that uh she had been
arrested at the age of 16 uh convicted
at 17 for 10 years accused of uh
attempted stabbing her family and her
lawyer and Israeli and Palestinian
rights groups say that this was a
miscarriage of justice
[Applause]
of