Israel is keeping up its deadly
bombardment of Hamas control Gaza the
Palestinian militant group took around
150 hostages in the unprecedented ground
air and sea assault over the weekend it
has threatened to execute some of them
if air strikes continue without warning
the Israeli death count has exceeded 900
and continues to spiral here's a look at
how Hamas is still striking Israel as
per the Israeli Army around 1500 bodies
of Hamas militants have been found in
Israel around the Gaza Strip Hamas
militant stormed through the Border
fence under a barrage of Rocket fire on
Saturday morning Israel says its
security forces have more or less
restored control over the border with
Gaza despite the withering barrage of
air strikes on Gaza Hamas is launching
more Rockets as far as Tel Aviv and
Jerusalem gaza's overcrowded narrow web
of streets is doubled underground by a
dense tunnel network not n to the the
Israeli troops as the Gaza Metro gaza's
14 km border with Egypt was once
burrowed under with hundreds of tunnels
used to smuggle Fighters weapons and
other Contraband although many now have
been
destroyed since 2014 Hamas has been
digging underground Pathways to get
around territory it controls some
tunnels are as deep as 30 or 40 MERS
below ground allowing militants to
change position away from the danger of
strikes
rocket batteries hidden just a few
meters beneath the surface can be
uncovered with a trapo just for the time
it takes to fire a salvo Israel's Army
and intelligence are certain to know
about a portion of the network and
bombarded it heavily in
2021 but other parts remain
secret last but not least swarm tactics
too many missiles at the same spot and
time can overwhelm Israel's iron dor air
defense system Hamas often strikes
plethora of rockets within a span of a
few minutes which results in some
Munitions going past the Israeli
[Music]
[Music]
Shield