we turn now to the Israel Hamas War and
the intense battle at the alifa hospital
one of the largest and longest raids
since the War Began nearly 6 months ago
ABC's Matt Gutman reports in tonight
from Tel Aviv tonight Israel calling its
ongoing week-long raid into gaza's alifa
Hospital one of the largest and most
successful operations of the six-month
War Palestinian Witnesses calling it
something else
hellish the IDF says it detained over
800 men since the surprise raid began
early last Monday claiming 480 of them
are Hamas and Islamic Jihad members the
military says it has killed at least 170
people and avoided civilian casualties
the IDF has assisted the sick and the
wounded and helped move many of them out
of Harm's
Way the IDF releasing video showing
troops delivering food but saying it's
in a standoff with militants who are H
up in certain parts of the hospital
along with
civilians in November during Israel's
first rid of sh we walk through the
surrounding neighborhood already in
Ruins you can see just the utter
Devastation around here every car
destroyed almost every single building
we see damaged from the fighting here
this time it has been nearly impossible
to contact people inside the
telecommunication signal has been down
all week but the displaced from the
hospital trudging miles in tattered
sandals and in
tears this woman saying the walls
collapsed doors came down on my baby
others simply too overcome to talk
overnight an Israeli delegation
comprising its top defense officials is
set to land in Washington for talks
about this looming offensive into Rafa
something Lindsay that the Biden
Administration continues to call a
mistake the White House clear in its
opposition Matt thank
you hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more vide show highlights and watch
live event coverage click on the right
over here to subscribe to our Channel
and don't forget get to download the ABC
News app for breaking news alerts thanks
for
watching