UNICEF says that babies in Gaza do not
have the energy to cry anymore we are
already witnessing with horror the death
of children due to starvation the
International Community is no longer
discussing whether the indiscriminate
and disproportionate attacks and
Collective punishment by Israel in Gaza
amounts to war crimes and crimes against
humanity but the international court of
justice found it plausible that Israel's
acts could amount to genocide and issued
provision measures to protect
Palestinians United Nations special
reporter on Palestinian territories
Franchesca albanes analyzed the pattern
of violence and Israel's policies in
Gaza in her latest report and concluded
that there are reasonable grounds to
believe that the threshold indicating
Israel Commission of genocide is met one
of the key findings of her report is
that Israel's executive and Military
leadership issued statements of
genocidal intent and intentionally
distorted jimell principles subverting
their protective functions in an attempt
to legitimize genocidal violence against
the Palestinian people it is uncons
conditionable and a grave shame that
there are still colleagues in this
assembly and governments in Council of
Europe who refus refuse to acknowledge
and condemn Israel's violations of
international humanitarian law which
makes them complicit in these crimes
they should know that they have buried
their legitimacy to speak about human
rights ever again together with the
bodies of thousands of children murdered
in Gaza this assembly and governments
all around the world should avoid double
standards and hold Israel like all
actors accountable to International
standards applied elsewhere