in the midst of the ongoing Israel
Palestine conflict there are several
political players involved in Palestine
so here is a primer and all the key
players you need to know about fata
Hamas Palestine Islamic Jihad Palestine
Liberation Organization and the
Palestinian
Authority F the word fata means to
conquer and emerged in the late 1950s
led by yasar and Muhammad Abbas
originally it pursued armed assistance
to liberate Palestine in 1965 joined the
Palestine Liberation Organization
shifting towards negotiations with
Israel the oso Accords in the 1990s
established the Palestinian Authority
led by fata which governs 40% of the
occupied West Bank Hamas Hamas was
founded in the late 1980s after the
beginning of the First Palestinian
intifada or Uprising against Israel's
occupation of the West Bank and Gaza
Strip the Jewish state had captured the
two Palestinian territories after
winning the 1967 Israeli Arab War the
militant organization has been ruling
the Gaza Strip which consists of more
than 2 million people since 2006
Palestine Islamic Jihad p p established
in 1981 seeks to destroy Israel and
create an Islamic Palestinian State
supported by Iran while Hamas and pi J
are allies both groups have separate
identities and some differences the
group is known for its Allied secretive
militia although P has remained away
from politics it has long participated
in student politics Fielding candidates
in Palestinian University elections
since the 1980s it also took part in the
1996 legislative elections Palestine
Liberation Organization PLO PLO formed
in 1964 aimed to liberate Palestine
through armed struggle for has been its
dominant faction in the early 1990s it
shifted from armed struggle to endorsing
a two-state solution and recognizing
Israel statud which led to the rise of
Hamas Palestinian Authority PA created
in 1994 by the oso Accords the PA
governs parts of Gaza and the West Bank
with Muhammad Abbas as its head it works
as an agency of the PLO and represents
Palestinians internationally however it
lost control of Gaza to Hamas in
2006