well the Pentagon now plans to send two
Iron Dome missile defense systems to
Israel in its fight with Hamas the US
had previously purchase the two Iron
Dome missiles from Israel and will now
send them back to join Israeli military
to defend itself against inbound
missiles the Pentagon spokesperson
further added that other artillery
ammunition alongside critical equipment
will also be flown to Israel in the
following
days and with respect to us support to
Israel the first shipments of military
aid including Munitions began arriving
in Israel last week and continue to
arrive on a near daily basis this
assistance is comprised of capabilities
requested by Israel to include Precision
guided Munitions such as joint direct
attack Munitions small diameter bombs
155 mm artillery ammunition and other
categories of critical equipment in
addition Iron Dome interceptors from
stocks that the United States has in
country have been quickly provided to
Israel and in the days ahead will we be
flowing additional Iron Dome
interceptors so that Israel has the
capabilities they need to to sustain
their Iron Dome defense systems and
protect their CI citizens and cities
from rocket
attacks the White House on Monday said
it expected to fulfill additional
security requests from Israel as quickly
as possible and President Biden promised
replenishment of interceptors used by
Israel's Iron Dome missile defense
system as well as ammunition in addition
to redoubling uh the US military
presence in the region in August 2022
Israel had said that Iron Dome
interceptors had shot down at least 97%
of Palestinian Rockets it had engaged
during a weekend surge of Gaza fighting
now apart from deployment of iron doome
missile defense systems America's First
new shipment of armored vehicles arrived
at the beneran international airport on
Thursday the armed bakers will join the
Israeli Defense Forces and are aimed to
replace the Israeli military cars
damaged in the fighting against Hamas
the shipment comes a day after the US
president traveled to Israel to offer
support in the aftermath of the Hamas
attack and pledged 100 billion 100
million in uh new funding for
humanitarian Aid in Gaza and occupied
West Bank and said he would ask Congress
for unprecedented Aid to boost Israel's
fight against
Hamas
[Music]