yesterday around 2:00 we starting
getting rumors through the telegram
channel that my aunt name is on the
first round of the hostages that's going
to be released we were so excited but we
were afraid to celebrate since
everything was uh too early and there
was no official H announcement
man until we saw the Jeep passing by and
we recognize Aden my aunt in the Jeep
and then we started
shouting she was in complete darkness
she had to adjust to the sunlight she
was walking with her eyes down because
she was in a tunnel she she was not used
to the
daylight and during her captivity she
was disconnected at all from all the
outside
world she's been checked by doctor she's
well H but she was not aware completely
to all the events starting October 7th
she was not aware to the war she was not
aware that her husband was killed she
saw
him wound she tried to hit deal with his
wound but she was taken out from the
window before she realized he's dead she
didn't know at all what happened to her
son Amos Moshe who was saved together
with his wife kin and their five
children so yesterday she find out for
the first time that Amos survived and
she saw him she hugg him she you know
tears of
joy and she didn't she wasn't aware
until the last moment she's going to be
released until she saw the Red Cross
this is the moment when she realized
okay this H
horrified seven weeks are
over we are very happy that Adena was
among the first wave but I'm going to be
together with all my family today at Tel
Aviv to protest and sound our voice for
the rest of the hostages the journey is
just started is definitely not over we
are not going to raise these signs again
uh but we going to raise other hostages
signs because now we are very big
family so we are keep fighting for the
rest of the hostages to come back home
and this will stay with me until the
moment everybody will be back
home