the Coalition air strikes came after
repeated warnings to the houthis opening
an unexpected new front in the Middle
East we said very loud and clear there
would be consequences and last night
there were for weeks commercial ships
passing through the Red Sea have come
under attack houthi militants say
they're targeting any vessel with links
to Israel in solidarity with the
Palestinian people global trade is
upended as cargo ships steer
clear the US and UK call their air
strikes an act of self-defense I think
the impetus is mostly economic because
we've seen shipping rates for containers
go up 50% and we've seen most companies
just decide not to go through the Suz
and the Red Sea back by Iran the houthi
sit on one side of a ceasefire in
Yemen's long running Civil War which
could be derailed by the air strikes and
may not cause the militants to change
course in the Red Sea warns Canada's
former ambassador to Saudi Arabia it
feeds their n artive that they're
standing up against the West if it
escalates even further they become the
victims they get International
International sympathy they've played
this card many times over the year the
risk of retaliation remains High the
houthis insist American and British
interests in the region are now
legitimate targets Washington and London
say they will not hesitate to take
further action if needed our aim is very
clear it's to deescalate tensions and to
restore stability to the region
this is a piece of The Wider conflict
the US had been so desperate to avoid it
is not the direct conflict with Iran
that still looms as a possibility States
across the Gulf region are now on high
alert calling for restraint from all
sides Jackson prco Global News
Washington