we have 600 people that were killed
since yesterday morning by mostly by the
invasion of Kamas terrorist into Israel
from Gaza these were many hundreds of
Kamas terrorists that invaded to Israel
from Gaza either by the land the sea or
the air many casualties are from a music
festival that was held during the night
between Friday and Saturday with
thousands of people and the is just
landed on the festival and just open
fire and kill people the fighting are
still ongoing in several
communities inside
Israel and in several communities inside
Israel because not all the terrorists of
Hamas were found other than the 600
people killed among them officers and
soldiers and civilians we have 2,000
wounded and about 100 taken
hostage maybe above 100 taken hostage
into Gaza including children and women
and all their people this
attack came 50 years after the yam ker
war that was on October 6 1973 I believe
do you think the timings aren't
accidental no they're not accidental but
it's not the reason okay the timing is
definitely symbolic and
I believe it was picked that way by the
initiators
but let's look at the bigger picture and
the bigger picture is actually a
combination of two contradicted Trends
one is the fact that that
Iran is getting stronger with regard to
its military establishment in Lebanon
Iraq Yemen and
Syria uh not paying any costs for the
progress in the nuclear issue signing
this deal with United States out of that
made Iranians feel stronger and at the
same time watching in a contradicted way
watching the normalization process
between isra and Saudi Arabia so there
was on the one hand feeling that if
there now is the time they are strong
enough to open a campaign of multi front
situation and war against Israel they
were talking about it all the time in
the past two years we've seen the
preparations on the northern border next
to where I live and H this is you know
this is
eventually eventually two contradict
contradicted trends that came together
to create this very specific timing of
attack against the STM from breaking
news detailed analysis in-depth
interviews and explainers follow the
times of India subscribe to our YouTube
Channel don't forget to like our videos
and hit the Bell icon to stay updated
with the
latest