it's tense as you'd expect given the
fears that people have here for a
possible attack from hisbah either from
Syria which is just over there to to my
left a couple of uh kilometers away or
from Lebanon just over in that direction
there uh the area is populated just here
largely by uh the Drews an ethnic and
religious minority uh who who were
living here when Israel captured the
territory uh captured the goolan heights
uh from Syria 1967 after The Six Day War
Incorporated it formerly into Israel in
1981 although it's not recognized as
Israeli territory by the International
Community uh and and the Drews
incidentally since then have formed a a
loyal component of the Israeli Armed
Forces police and intelligence uh they
serve at a very high proportion
something right in some Villages about
80% of the villagers have either served
in or serving in the armed forces or the
police uh and many many of them have
died already in the fighting uh in Gaza
uh but you know there is still a little
bit of tension between the Drews and the
Israeli Community uh at large because of
a law that was introduced back in
2018 uh on the Israeli nation which
describ Israel as a nation state of the
Jewish people that angered the Drews who
felt that that excluded them and was
scant reward for the service that
they've given to the Israeli State uh
since they were incorporated into Israel
that said however ever the Drews do cons
continue to be a pretty loyal component
of the Israeli State and all around here
there are uh set there are sort of
special uh self-defense units which
cooperate with the AR with the Army try
to maintain Security in The Villages
look out for possible incursions and
that sort of thing