the Palestinian Islamic Jihad released
this video of its street fighting
against Israeli soldiers as it joined
Hamas in the southern Gaza City of Han
Yunis Israel which earlier released its
own video of the
fighting called Tuesday the most intense
day of combat in five weeks of ground
operations and said this was the bombing
of a Hamas military compound even while
under attack Hamas managed to launch
more rockets at Israel but the end
result was the
same more Palestinians pouring into
overwhelmed Gaza
hospitals there is no life-saving Health
Service in the hospitals of the Southern
Gaza Strip the hospitals have totally
collapsed they cannot deal with the
quantity and quality of injures that
arrive at the hospitals the head of the
World Health Organization says it had to
move medical supplies from warehouses in
hanun to a smaller Warehouse in Rafa
which led to a delay in the planned
delivery of medicines to relief agencies
for their health
facilities a few dozen humanitarian Aid
trucks have arrived in Gaza each day
since last week's 7-Day truce ended but
the US state department is demanding
Israel allow more
in and the state department issued a
rare rebuke to Israel Over violence in
occupied West Bank saying it was
revoking us visas of anyone engaged in
violence this includes unprecedented
levels of Violence by Israeli extremist
settlers targeting Palestinians and
their property displacing entire
communities as well as Violence by
Palestinian extremus militants against
Israeli civilians in Rafa where hundreds
of thousands of Palestinians have
gathered there is no more precious
commodity right now than clean water
there's one water desalination plant in
Rafa
may God help us this is the last station
water is 2 km away you have to wait for
3 hours in line you hold water on your
shoulders there is no washing no food no
drinking there are no medicines no food
the situation is very hard we take a
bath once a month I am 63 years old I am
carrying the gallon on my shoulder for 2
kilm to get
water meantime the US cter and Egypt are
said to be working on trying to get a
fire back on track one which would see a
longer pause than the last one Andy
Rosen trt
world