dozens of rockets have been launched
from Lebanon into the occupied Golan
Heights Hezbollah Fighters say they
targeted an Israeli base and air defense
post the attack follows Israeli strikes
in lebanon's Bear Valley 100 kilometers
from the border Israel's military said
they were in response to the Downing of
one of its drones over Lebanese airspace
Ali hasham is in southern Lebanon now
Ali how tense is it there at the border
what's been
happening well today it was a bit tense
with several Israeli air strikes from
the town ofam to the east to the town of
tah uh close to where we are here in the
uh in nakura um till the moment there
are no reports of casualties however the
Israeli military has said that it has uh
attacked some military bases uh for
hisbah and of course hisbah has been uh
issuing statements uh today one uh that
uh claimed responsibility for an attack
on two military bases in the golen
Heights one in Cav and the second in Kaa
and this is in ret retaliation to
Israel's attack on the Bika Valley
yesterday Israel said that these attacks
on the bav Val are also in retaliation
tob's Downing of a sophisticated drone
known as Hermes 900 now what what seems
to be happening is that Israel is
linking any targeting
uh for aerial uh targets to hitting the
bah and the City of bbec or the areas
surrounding it which is around 100
kilometers deep from where we are here
on the border however hisbah is
retaliating by expanding the front
horizontally and uh launching Rockets or
attacking military bases towards the
Goan Heights which is an area that
wasn't uh being attacked in previous
Wars okay Ali hasham bring us the latest
there from Southern thanks very much s