on first day uh actually we were
sleeping and at around 6:30 there was a
siren so uh because we didn't her in 2
years we didn't experience that much of
chaos so we run to shelter and with him
it's very hard it was a horrible
experience but uh Israel is the safest
country I can say we got to know that
they are going to evacuate us they
started a portal we registered at night
12:00 in the morning they confirm that
yes today you have flight you can fly to
India and this process was very
[Music]
[Music]
excellent
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
up up
[Music]
I'm
[Music]
W this is the first time that we are
facing this much hard situation over
there and we are very thankful to the
Indian government especially the Prime
Minister Narin Modi G for bringing us
back and uh we are hoping for the peace
as soon as possible so that we can go
back to the work uh as earliest as
possible and uh yes it was a horrible
experience but uh Israel is the safest
country I can say because the Ida they
have good shelters and the good
facilities Indian government
second
what
groups like in contact so they were like
like cooperating with us yeah and giving
all information everything and this was
like a smooth like it was good yeah on
first day uh actually we were sleeping
and at around 6:30 there was a siren so
uh because we didn't her in 2 years we
didn't experience that much of chaos so
we run to shelter and with him it's very
hard
but we manag but I guess we live in
shelter for 2 hours because another uh
siren but after
that we were okay there so how are you
feeling now after coming back here are
you reled yeah we are so relaxed and we
thanks government of India once uh we
got to know that they are going to
evacuate us they started a portal we
registered
at night 12:00 in the morning they
confirm that yes today you have flight
you can fly to India and this process
was very excellent and we are here so
how do you how do you look at the
initiative taken by the government of
operation AJ which was launched very
quickly quickly and this is very
excellent I think this operation is very
excellent and successful all we are uh
we came here and we are very happy to
come back to
India
[Music]