the capture of dozens of Israeli
soldiers and civilians by Hamas
militants has stirred Israeli emotions
more viscerally than any crisis in the
country's recent memory setting aside
their differences top Israeli leaders
have discussed the possibility of
forming an emergency National Unity
government and addressing the nation
Israeli president Herzog urged National
Unity prime minister Benjamin net
opposition leader Y leid and National
Unity party leader Benny gance discussed
forming an emergency government
following the devastating surprise
attack against Israel on Saturday
Netanyahu says that he offered the two
when they met him for a security
briefing to enter into a wide emergency
government as per Israeli media reports
the two expressed their willingness but
leid demanded farri leaders and
ministers bezel storr and itamar Ben to
be removed Gans agreed to join alongside
the two both ministers have made
incendiary commentary and policy
proposals against the Palestinians lepid
is reportedly concerned with their
ability to manage a war especially as
violence May spill over into the West
Bank and the northern border both lapid
and Gans have previously lambasted
Netanyahu for forming a government with
leaders they see as extremists they have
previously issued the idea of a Unity
government that included them Israeli
media reports further state that Israel
benu party chairman avor liberman and
also had said that he would join the
current government but he conditioned
his support on Netanyahu defense
minister and IDF Chief of Staff publicly
announcing that the government intends
to eliminate the Hamas Terror
organization and all its terrorist
leaders and will not suffice with
anything less both leid and gance as
well as fellow opposition party head aor
liberman previously served in
governments with
Netanyahu the three one-time political
allies have since become Rivals to the
Prime Minister who whom they have called
untrustworthy and corrupt rallying
citizens Israeli president said and I
quote such a war does not end in the
blink of an
eye
for
is stated Israel has been fighting since
the dawn of its creation for its very
existence urging National Unity he said
let us keep this Spirit of heroism and
this togetherness it is our most
powerful
[Music]
weapon