Dr hulata we understand it must have
been very difficult for you to watch all
of this away from home but thank you
very much for speaking to
NDTV thank you thank you for uh having
me uh I think it's very important to
have uh people around the world
understand the situation uh in Israel as
it is and again as you say I'm I'm away
from home very difficult times for all
Israelis I think for all the Jewish
people and uh for me being away from
home um nothing any different right Dr
in one of your interviews recently you
had predicted that the offensive by
Israel will be hard and intense and that
is what is happening now how do you see
this retaliation by Israel on Gaza
particularly this buildup of troops
localized rates call for evacuation and
also a likely ground
incursion so I think it's important to
understand the situation uh right away
and and if you may uh uh uh the word
retaliation I don't think it it clearly
depicts the situation as it is last
Saturday just days ago Hamas conducted
the worst terror attack in the history
of of Israel uh in fact this was the the
amount of casualties uh the amount of of
people slaughtered in their homes in
their beds and snatched this does not
resemble anything else that Israel has
experienced or Jewish people has
experienced maybe since the Holocaust
this is a a really very uh bad day Hamas
is a terror organization they conducted
this and they did this deliberately the
aim of the Israeli government is not to
retaliate the aim of the Israeli
government is to remove Hamas from
leadership in Gaza so that these things
cannot happen again and I would say and
that the gazans have a government that
thinks of them and their well-being
rather than thinking on how to kill
Israelis at the most uh astonishing
amount that they could as they did just
eight days ago this was a rumage there
is no other way to describe it