so with the the the babies from alifa
hospital what is the timeline in terms
of getting them into Egypt who dictates
that timeline and how are you able to
intervene unfortunately this is not in
our hand I mean as as I told you our
ambulance is now as we speak waiting in
the borders ready to move them right
away even the hospitals to be equipped
with ventilators and and with incubators
for that purpose are ready so we just
need the other side to get them in most
importantly that we are ready to receive
10 times 20 times 30 times more than
that we are ready to do that I mean we
allocated 37 hospitals we allocated more
than 11,000 beds more than 1700 icus
more than uh you know 150 ambulance
ready to to move uh those patients so we
we decided we dedicated and deployed
more than 38,000 Physicians and and
25,000 nurse nurse staff ready to
operate so whatever numbers we're going
to get we're going to deal with why
aren't you getting those numbers because
you can deal with a bigger number of of
injured people why are you not getting
them again it's it's not it's not Egypt
decision Egypt whose decision is
it I don't know but but certainly
there's someone that has to check and
has to clear out and give the clearance
for those patients to come out from this
territories to to the Egyptian side but
I told you my team and my staff are
staying day and night waiting for every
single case to get in to start dealing
with them do you think Israel has the
final say about which patients get out I
have no information to tell you about
this I cannot say something that I can
I'm not sure of but but definitely there
is uh a certain authorities on the other
side to take decisions whom to come out
otherwise we could have just waited for
thousands of patients to come because
they have
28,000 patients ready we can say 10 20%
of them uh needs extensive uh
interventions that they don't have