now after becoming the UK Home Secretary
James cleverly has made his stance and
his government stance on Hamas is clear
he's now just about now taken to social
media to tweet out and I quote as Home
Secretary of the United Kingdom I can
confirm that Hamas is a terror group
remember on the 7th of October when
Hamas carried out the attack on
unsuspecting Music Festival goers the
world woke up to a terror attack clearly
condemning it as one now we have James
clev the newly appointed UK Home
Secretary also coming out and making
that stance very very clear that there
are no two doubts about Hamas being a
terror
group we've seen there has been a reig
as far as uh the UK cabinet is concerned
braa
Swan sua braan I beg your pardon was uh
removed from her post yesterday James
gloy is the new UK Home Secretary 24
hours after after he's taken over in
this new position he has now come out
and made his and his government stance
about Hamas extremely clear Sanjay Suri
my colleague now joining us getting us
more details now Sanjay we've seen the
kind of stance as far as the first
terror attack was concerned on the 7th
of October UK along with everyone else
came out and made it very clear that
this is not a fight between Palestine
and Israel this is about a terror group
called Hamas unleashing Terror on
innocent civil ions and that's exactly
what cleverly has reiterated
now now that is a message that has been
reiterated and repeated as you point out
but this has been done with an eye on
domestic issues given the exit of braan
braan represented a very strong view
that was very critical of support for
Palestinians that perhaps in some way
overlap with even an indirect or even a
hint of support or at least a refusal to
oppose Hamas and to that extent the new
Home Secretary wanted to make very clear
that his policy that extent has not
diverted from that of su braan that the
government still is emphatic in its
opposition to Hamas and that it is not
going to countenance any support for
terrorism whether it is expressed
through political means or through a
means of the kind of marches we've seen
in London
right that's the clear message coming
out sanay thank you so much for getting
us the latest with that it's a wrap from
my side here on this
Edition