[Music]
Ezreal has launched a new wave of air
strikes in Gaza targeting Hamas
positions across the strip israel says
it has destroyed Hamas military
intelligence headquarters in the office
of its leader but homes and businesses
have been flattened in the crossfire
seven people were injured I don't know
what to tell you where are we supposed
to go where are we supposed to live our
children and families have become
homeless the first rocket was a warning
five minutes later the whole building
was hit we didn't know there to go it's
in retaliation for a long-range rocket
that hit a central Israeli community on
Sunday also wounding seven people Hamas
hasn't confirmed or denied its
involvement Israel will not tolerate
this I will not tolerate this and as we
speak as I told you mr. president just
now Israel is responding forcefully to
this wanton aggression late on Monday
Hamas said it had reached an Egyptian
brokered ceasefire with Israel but the
exchange of fire continued from Israel
then the Israeli military says some 30
rockets were fired from southern Gaza
several were intercepted by its Iron
Dome defense system Israel has sent more
troops and tanks to the Gaza border in
preparation for a new round of heavy
fighting the one-year anniversary of the
Gaza border protests is nearing and it's
only two weeks until Israel's national
elections we continue to work with Egypt
and all concerned parties to try to
de-escalate the situation and again
encourage restraint further escalation
is likely to make an already bad
situation worse in particular for
civilians in and close to Gaza the UN
says it's an unaccepted violation of a
ceasefire
and has warned that Gaza is on the brink
of another potentially devastating
conflict Liz Maddock trt world
[Music]