israel was one of the first countries to
offer a fourth dose of a covet-19
vaccine to people and now a latest
israeli study has revealed that the
fourth dose of the fisa and medona
vaccine against covert 19
is only partially effective against the
latest omicron variant of the virus now
the revelations were made after israel's
largest medical center sheba hospital
conducted trials in december last year
on the fourth dose of the covet 19
vaccines by inoculating 154 hospital
personnel with pfizer jabs and 120 other
volunteers with modernitosis
and declaring the results the hospital
published a statement it said and i
quote the trials have shown that the
vaccines are safe and have shown to
produce substantial antibodies it
further said and i quote again the
vaccines are only partially effective in
defending against the omnicron variant
now reiterating on the findings
professor
jilly regev yoke has uh been leading the
study and said that there has been an
increase in antibodies after
administering a fourth dose but it only
offers a partial defense against the
omicron variant she further noted that
the vaccines are extremely effective
against the earlier variant however the
initial results on the trials have now
raised questions about israel's decision
on offering a second booster shot to
people above the age of six years
according to the israeli government over
500 000 people have received their
second booster shots in recent weeks
apart from this israeli prime minister
naftali bennett has approved a decision
of cutting short the covet 19 quarantine
time from seven days to five
shalom
[Music]
[Music]
now for more on this our correspondent
jody cohen sent us this report from
ramatagan in israel take a look
i'm outside shiba medical center where
the research took place now i spoke to
their spokesperson this morning who said
that even though the hospital study
showed the fisa and moderna vaccines
don't provide optimal infection
protection against omicron the hospital
is advising that it is important to
continue vaccinating the elderly and the
immuno-compromised with the fourth shot
and this will certainly further the
debate on boosters going forward this is
jody cohen for weon world as one we are
now available in your country download
the app now get all the news on the move