now thousands have been rallying outside
of the British Parliament to demand MPS
vote for a ceasefire in Gaza the
protesters flooded the streets as the
parliament debated a motion calling for
a ceasefire the British government has
been advocating for what they describe
as humanitarian
pauses Paul Brennan's there to tell us
all about the latest uh Paul talk us
through what you've been seeing play out
on the streets of London this
evening well as you can see off my
shoulder the um protest is is just about
finished now the um protesters filing
away there towards the parliament square
and and Westminster Tube Station uh the
voting done uh the several thousand
people who came though actually two or
three thousand people who came
respectable turnout for a weekday um and
they were shouting um free free
Palestine they wanted a ceasefire as
opposed to just uh what the British
government's policy is which is for
humanitarian Paws um on unfortunately
from the protesters perspective though
is that both votes that were um being
considered by MPS um first of all uh
Scottish national party Amendment uh
which called for an immediate ceasefire
uh that was defeated in the Commons and
a an alternative amendment by the
opposition labor party um which called
for longer humanitarian pauses that too
uh was defeated by The Commons so
although neither Amendment would have
tied the hands of the government it
would have been a powerful message uh to
government about the will of Parliament
and certainly uh the will of the
protesters out here unfortunately for
the protesters neither of them uh passed
but the protesters say that they will be
back the same group that organized
tonight protest also organized the
weekend protest that we saw couple of
hundred well three or 400 thousand
people out on the streets of London so
they're promising that while the killing
continues and no ceasefire is being
enacted they will be back
Paul Brennan in London thank
you