earlier today the Secretary of State
announced the designation of the houthis
as a specially designated Global
terrorist effective February 16th for
threatening the security of the United
States since November the houthis have
launched numerous missiles and drones
towards International Merchant ships as
well as us and partner vessel Naval
vessels defending the Safety and
Security of commercial shipping across
the Red Sea these attacks against
international shipping have endangered
Mariners and disrupted the free flow of
Commerce and freedom of navigation for
the past several weeks the United States
with allies and partners around the
world has made clear that there must be
consequences for those attacks and
today's de designation follows on our
military action last week to hold the
houthis accountable for their
actions
the United States is the world's leading
donor of humanitarian assistance to
Yemen we recognize the grave
humanitarian situation there which is
why we are taking these steps to
minimize harm to the civilian population
at the same time we will continue to
make clear to the houthis that their
attacks against commercial V uh vessels
must stop and we will remain uh uh uh we
will remain prepared to take additional
actions if necessary what's changed is
we have seen them launching attacks on
commercial shipping uh in the Red Sea
something that wasn't the case in
2021
we do want to see an end to this
conflict we want to see it as soon as
possible but we want to see an end to
this conflict that's durable and not an
end to this conflict that leaves Hamas
in place to again launch terrorist
attacks against Israel um that's not
something that's tolerable to Israel
it's not something that is would be to
tolerable to any country so we want to
see um an end to this conflict that
ensures that October 7th can never be
repeated