the Israeli military said Tuesday that
its Monday air strike on a world Central
Kitchen Aid Convoy in Gaza was a grave
mistake it was a mistake that followed a
misidentification at night during a war
in a very complex conditions it
shouldn't have happened we were outraged
to learn of an IDF strike that was the
harshest tone the White House has ever
made publicly about any action Israel
has taken in Gaza since the start of the
war and it wasn't
alone of the seven victims of the air
strike was this Australian National Lomi
Frank Hol and Australia's prime minister
expressed his anger to Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in a phone
call on Tuesday Australia expects full
accountability for the deaths of Aid
workers uh which is completely
unacceptable World Central Kitchen has
now paused its badly needed Aid
deliveries of food in Gaza and President
Biden called Chef Jose Andress the
organizations's founder he's heartbroken
by his by this news of the air strike
that killed seven Aid workers and to
express and share his deepest
condolences the White House says it
communicated to Israel on Tuesday again
the need to protect civilians and Aid
workers and that it expects Israel to
conduct a swift thorough and impartial
investigation former Israeli Prime
Minister ahud olmert said the air strike
was enough to convince him that it's
time to stop the war the outcome is
terrible and Israel must take
responsibility uh for it the drum beat
has gotten louder that the US should
start withholding military aid from
Israel as a consequence of Civilian
deaths in Gaza but the Biden
Administration still appears to be on
track to transfer another $18 billion in
weaponry and on Tuesday the White House
scaled back its traditional end of
Ramadan celebration because so many
Muslim groups declined the invitation
Andy rosan trt world