as the fighting between Israel and Hamas
continues us defense secretary Lloyd
Austin has reiterated American support
for Israel during a visit to the region
but he said protecting Palestinians is
both a moral duty and a strategic
imperative Raman enso has the
story defense secretary Lloyd Austin
received no public commitment from
Israel on a shift to lower intensity
strikes but said us backing is Rock
Solid America's support for Israel's
security is unshake
that support Israel
wants with Rising pressure from its own
citizens for a ceasefire with Hamas
after Israel's military released these
new photos of SOS signs where its troops
mistakenly killed three hostages last
Friday their families buried them in
grief now three more hostages have
appeared alive in a new Hamas video in
the middle 79-year-old hyim Perry This
negotiation will be the only solution
leor his son says every day is a death
sentence not only being old and without
the medicine and now also the POS and of
course the
bombing Israel's bombing has now killed
nearly 20,000 says gaza's Hamas run
Health
Ministry this morning strikes on the
jabalia refugee camp in the north and
Rafa in the South killed at least 38 you
are in Gaza what's the humanitarian
situation there the nightmare Jason Lee
is country director for save the
children when I drive through Rafa the
shelters are overcrowded they're putting
up wooden structures people have taken
to open defecation they're wondering why
that their lives matter less we need the
ceasefire and the UN Security Council is
expected to vote on a new ceasefire
resolution you might remember Washington
veto the last one just a couple weeks
ago and the difference here is they're
going to update the draft text from the
cess cessation rather of hostilities to
the suspension of hostilities that is an
order to get us support Gail Ry in Ocio
reporting from Tel Aviv we thank you