and the impacts of this storm are being
felt throughout the southeast even as it
moves up the eastern coast of the United
States affecting Georgia South Carolina
and North Carolina and we have to remain
Vigilant and there's much more to do
I just came from the Oval Office where I
met with the FEMA administrator who's
standing to my left ear and our federal
response folks and early Monday morning
long before the storm made landfall I
spoke with Governor DeSantis
and approved an early request for
emergency declaration to enable him to
have the full support ahead of time to
protect the people's lives in the state
of Florida
I resurged Personnel to Florida to help
the state move people quickly to safety
and out of a danger zone
and to help the governor and his team to
the greatest degree possible in advance
in advance of the Hurricane's arrival
and I directed the FEMA to redeploy
resources including up to 1 500
personnel and 900 Coast Guard Personnel
throughout the southeast
I directed administrator Criswell to
stay in close touch with the governor
she was with me when I was speaking to
him as well and I guess he's maybe tired
hearing both of us but he seemed like he
welcomed it as a matter of fact I've
asked that she get on the plane and
leave for Florida this afternoon
she'll meet with Governor DeSantis
tomorrow and began helping conducting
the federal assessment at my direction
Federal teams on the ground are going to
continue to work with the First
Responders in Florida Georgia South
Carolina North Carolina to get people to
safety you've all been reporting this
and seeing it on television there are a
number of rescues already taken place as
I walked out of my office a moment ago
to begin to recover from the impacts of
the storm
I led each Governor I spoke with no if
there's anything anything the states
need right now I'm ready to mobilize
that support of what they need I don't
think anybody can deny the impact of the
climate crisis anymore