Israel calls last week's devastating
attack by Hamas its 9911 moment the
secretive Mastermind behind the assault
Palestinian militant Muhammad de calls
it Al AA storm the phrase Israel's Most
Wanted Man used in an audio tape
broadcast as Hamas fired thousands of
rockets out of the Gaza Strip on
Saturday signal the attack was payback
for Israeli raids at Jerusalem's Al AKA
mosque a survivor of seven isra
assassination attempts the most recent
in 2021 Muhammad Dev rarely speaks and
never appears in public the whereabouts
of the are unknown though he is most
likely in Gaza in the Maze of tunnels
under the Enclave he is the commander of
the Hamas group's military Wing Alum
brigades the decision to prepare the
Israel attack was taken jointly by Dave
along with Yaya svar the leader of Hamas
and Gaza but it was clear who was the
architect and as per news agency Reuters
the militant leader was born as Muhammad
masui in
1965 in the Kan yunas refugee camp set
up after the 1948 Arab Israeli War he
became known as Muhammad DE after
joining Hamas during the first inada or
Palestinian Uprising which began in 1987
he was arrested by Israel in 1989 and
spent about 16 months in detention
theyve earned a degree in science from
the Islamic University in Gaza where he
studied physics chemistry and biology he
displayed an affinity for the Arts
heading the University's entertainment
committee and Performing onstage
comedies rising up the Hamas ranks
Muhammad Dev developed the group's
network of tunnels and his bomb making
expertise he has stopped Israel's most
wanted list for decades now for their
staying in the shadow has been a matter
of life or death he lost an eye
sustained Serious injury in one leg in
one of Israel's assassination attempts
his wife's 7-month-old son and
three-year-old daughter were killed by
an Israeli air strike in 2014 he doesn't
use modern digital technology such as
smartphones Muhammad is elusive a man in
the shadows Theon is now available in
your country download the app now get
all the news on the move