the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has wowed an absolute victory
in Gaza he's repeated this sentiment
several times since the war started on
October 7th 2023 now he has repeatedly
said Israel will continue its offensive
in the Gaza Strip until the Hamas
militant group leaves the strip however
a latest poll now shows that majority of
Israelis believe an absolute Victory is
not possible at all in Gaza according to
a poll by Israel democracy Institute
Think Tank around 55.3% of respondents
said that there is fairly low or very
low likelihood of such an outcome
however the same poll also opposed the
establishment of an independent and
demilitarized Palestinian
State meanwhile in Tel Aviv Israeli
protesters rallied for the release of
the hostages wearing masks bearing the
photos of the hostages protesters held
demonstrations at various public places
across the
city
amid this Israeli Finance Minister has
made a very sharp statement that may irk
the kins of hostages in Israel even more
in a radio interview bzel smotrich said
that bringing back the hostages abducted
by Hamas is not Israel's top priority as
he said say the destruction of Hamas is
more important for Israel at the time
the comments were enough to spark an
outrage Benny Gant a member of Israel's
war cabinet said no opportunity to bring
the hostages back home will be missed
opposition leader y laid described
smotrich comments as a moral disgrace
and an attack on the families of the
hostages but after his comments
attracted enough criticism smotrich
clarified his statement as he said that
only by destroying Hamas and Israel
bring the hostages back home
[Music]
here