this morning as the IDF pummels Central
gaza's refugee camps in its war against
Hamas Israel is on the verge of a second
front erupting this one on its border
with Lebanon where there's been a major
escalation with Hezbollah including 30
Rockets the iran-backed militants say
they fired yesterday at Israel's
northernmost City Israel's foreign
minister touring the Lebanon border
saying all options are on the
table while a member of Israel's war
cabinet says the stopwatch for a
diplomatic solution is running out if
the world doesn't act he says we
will and with the region gripped by
tension new violence overnight in Iraq a
US base in Iraqi Kurdistan targeted by
an attack drone with Israel and the US
locked in intense diplomacy over the
war's next phase this morning two
Israeli officials tell NBC news that
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin is
headed to Israel in early January for
his fifth visit since the war started
the state department hasn't confirmed
his
travels but the US and Israel are public
Ally at odds over how Gaza should be
ruled after the war and what Israel's
role should be we have to create an
alternative that people can believe in a
future a better future without Hamas
maybe you can't control what people
think but by removing Hamas from power
it won't have the capabilities to to to
to hurt other people Israel says it's
almost finished clearing Hamas
battalions from gaza's North and invited
NBC News in for a firsthand look here in
Northern Gaza what we can see is an
utter Wasteland of dust and mangled
steel really the only Signs of Life IDF
troops standing guard Basel amaki is an
artist now a refugee his work depicting
life in Gaza after nearly 3 months of
War we're a people who deserve to live
and have our rights he says I am a true
believer that freedom has a
price