moving on now israel has launched a
manhunt for six palestinians who escaped
from a high-security israeli prison on
monday gilboa prison located in northern
israel lies about four kilometers from
the boundary with the occupied west bank
and is one of the highest security jails
in israel
it houses palestinians convicted or
suspected of anti-israeli activities
it appears that the prisoners escape
through a tunnel dug from below a sink
in the cell from which the prisoners
then crawl their way out of the facility
the israel prison service said that an
alert was sounded at 3 am by locals who
reported seeing suspicious figures
outside the prison
the prison service has said that all
those held at gilboa were being
relocated in case additional escape
tunnels have been dug beneath the
facility
a manhunt has been launched involving
the police the army agents from israel's
internal security agency called shinbet
the search continues and includes aerial
surveillance sniffer dogs roadblocks as
well as different checkpoints
the prisoners included zakaria zubaidi a
former fatha party leader in the
northern west bank city of jinin as well
as five palestinian islamic jihad
members serving life sentences for their
involvement in attacks on israelis
during the palestinian uprising in the
early 2000s
[Music]
with rumors about the escapees we're
about spreading rapidly genin has now
become an area of focus partly given
zubaidi's ties there but the city itself
erupted in celebrations after the news
of the sk broke out
people fired into the air distributed
suites to celebrate the prison break
[Music]
with the defense and prison chiefs and
called the escape a serious event that
required a comprehensive effort by all
security services
[Music]
beyond world is one is now available in
your country download the app now and
get all the news updates on the move