if we talk about the operations taking
place late night in Gaza intense blast
could be seen happening as far as the
night that expanded the Israeli
operations in the north northern part of
the territory and also flurry of Israeli
air strikes on a refugee camp near Gaza
City leveled apartment buildings and
leaving craters where they once stood as
the ground troops battled Hamas
terrorists across Northern Gaza and
attacked the underground compounds as
well
if we talk about the ground Invasion by
Israeli forces in gaj STP yes there have
been instances where targeted ground
invasions have happened counter
offensive have happened by Israeli
Defense Forces but this is not a
full-fledged
land Invasion that front has not been
opened by Israel as of now but yes
targeted uh you know hits have been
taken and that's the reason that Israel
has been able to you know three at least
half a dozen hostage who were taken
hostage by Hamas on October 7th apart
from that as as you mentioned the air
strikes have begun and IDF is very clear
that be Hospital be MOS be schools or
even your private residences Hamas has
created tunnels and hideouts very close
to these public places so that if Israel
attack them you know there is a blame on
Israel for attacking MOS schools and
hospitals but Israel is very clear that
what is happening in Gaza is an
anti-terror operation and we are
fighting a war against a dreaded
terrorist organization called Hamas and
we will not rest till we finish it and a
lot of senior leaders ship of Hamas has
now been eliminated by different
forces
[Music]
Terror
operation
that's the reason that Nan is very clear
that we do not accept any ceasefire
there will not be any you know soft
corner for anyone in Hamas
right