US Secretary of State Anthony blink's
agenda was packed with highlevel
meetings in the Arab world Sunday as
part of his efforts to ease Regional
tensions and prevent the widening of the
Israel Hamas War latest conflict began
when Hamas launched a terrorist
incursion into Israeli territory on
October 7 killing around 1,200 people
and taking about 240 hostages after
meeting with his Jordanian counterpart I
seed blink toward a warehouse of the
world food program it is imperative
imperative uh that we maximize assist
people in need not only do we get a
toaza and Ina but want is Ina that it
can be effectively distributed evil
needed everywhere indas we'll be working
on that in face as well the top us
Diplomat also visited Qatar and held
talks with prime minister Muhammad bin
abdurahman at during their joint news
conference blinkin rejected recent
statements by some Israeli cabinet
members calling for the forced
resettlement of Palestinians outside of
Gaza these statements are irresponsible
they're inflammatory and they only make
it harder to secure a future Palestinian
lead Gaza with Hamas no longer in
control and with terrorist groups no
longer able to threaten Israel security
the expulsion of Palestinians from the
Gaza Strip is not the Jewish state's
official position clarified Israeli
president Isaac hog during an appearance
on NBC's Meet the Press in a cabinet of
30 ministers where it's not the security
cabinet a minister can say whatever he
wants I may not like it but this is
Israeli politics but really I'm saying
outright officially and unequivocally
this is not the Israeli position the
current War won't end however until all
its objectives are met reiterated
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu during a cabinet
meeting the elimination of Hamas the
return of all our hostages and the
promise that Gaza won't pose a threat to
Israel
anymore pressure keeps mounting on
Israel to protect Palestinian civilian
lives and blinkin said he'll bring up
the topic again during the discussions
he'll hold this week in Israel Veronica
vesas vaa News
Washington