Indian Union Minister manaki Lei says
she did not approve any answer to a
question in the Lo Sabha or the lower
House of India's position on Hamas
prompting the opposition to call for a
probe now the
mea has come out as a statement saying
that a technical correction is being
made to the name in the ministry of
external Affairs document the document
contained an answer to a question on the
designation of Hamas as a terrorist
organization but she had denied sign in
the
document to give you more context the
document had an unstarred question posed
by an opposition Member of Parliament K
sarakan or the Indian National Congress
unst question in Lo Sabha requires a
written reply now the answer is simply
stated that designation of any
organization comes under unlawful
activities prevention act and is taken
up by relevant departments the answer
given was in the name of manaki
Lei what kicked out the controversy was
when manaki Dei denied approving or
signing the response the opposition was
quick to call for an inquiry into that
case some opposition members seeking
clarification on the matter from the
ministry of external Affairs several
others asking if not Ley then who signed
the paper to which the mea has now
issued a statement saying that we have
noted that Lo SAA document needs a
technical correction in terms of
reflecting shri's name as the minister
of State Ley today told reporters that
she had raised the issue now this comes
at a time when the opposition leaders
are angry over the expansion of a member
of parliament on Friday TMC Member of
Parliament mahua MRA was expelled in a
cash for query issue it is alleged that
moitra took bribes from a businessman to
ask around 50 questions in Parliament
that were intended to promote his
business interests she's also accused of
sharing her login details to the
government portals with the businessman
concerned MRA says she was expelled even
before given an opportunity to explain
her case in
[Music]
Parliament weon is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the
move