now to a possible shift from the White
House on Israel's war with Hamas
yesterday vice president kamla Harris
called for an immediate ceasefire for at
least six weeks citing the quote immense
scale of suffering in Gaza now over the
weekend us planes dropped Aid into the
territory for the first time although
critics say this is still not enough MTS
tab reports on the desperate pleas for
some kind of peace and a warning to you
that this report contains some very
graphic
images in the southern city of Raa
another day of unimaginable grief after
20 members of the Abu Anza family were
killed in an Israeli strike including ra
Abu anza's twins a boy and a girl just 6
months old who she spent a decade and
three rounds of fertility treatment to
have what did these babies do she says
what are you doing just watching us
die after nearly 5 months of brutal war
in Gaza the Biden Administration appears
to be making its first major steps to
try and end the misery in the fiercest
criticisms of Israel's handling of the
conflict from a senior official so far
vice president kamla Harris said enough
wasn't being done to ease what she
called a humanitarian catastrophe
given the immense scale of suffering in
Gaza there must be an immediate
ceasefire pressure for a ceasefire and
hostage release deal is also
intensifying across Israel the families
of those still being held in Gaza along
with their supporters marched to
Jerusalem this weekend demanding prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu agreed to an
immediate truce with Hamas among them
was Shay Dickman who wants her cousin
Carmel freed are you worried prime
minister netan who is prioritizing the
war over the release of hostages I
really want to hope that he puts people
lives in first
priority and given prime minister
netanyahu's long history of defying
successive us administrations despite
receiving enormous amounts of American
military aid the fear among many here is
Vice President Harris's appeal for a
ceasefire will fall on death years and
that this brutal War which has killed so
many will continue Nate MTS TI Andel
Aviv thank you