a global initiative uniting people from
all walks of life in solidarity with the
Palestinian cause from Copenhagen to
Beirut and from London to Rome in
different cities in the UK protesters
wave Palestinian Flags high in response
to the escalating humanitarian crisis in
Gaza it's a global day of action for
Palestine demanding an immediate
ceasefire
you can and in Denmark there have been
calls to end the Bloodshed of more than
30,000 people including 13,000
children in the United States protests
are taking place in
Washington several hundred people
demonstrated outside the Israeli Embassy
shanting carrying signs urging for the
killing to end and the echo of
protesters voices reached as far as
Havana in
Cuba
the solution the Palestinian question is
not displacement or the transfer of an
entire people to other regions the only
solution is Justice for the Palestinians
by obtaining the legitimate right to
self-determination and to live in
dignity protesters were also seen
carrying Flags through the streets to
the Israeli Embassy in Ecuador's Capital
Kito while in Lebanon Palestinian
refugees have joined the march in
Beirut all of Europe is against us they
are firing at us they are providing
weapons to Israel and giving us bread
this is unreasonable and cannot be
accepted by anyone in the
world as Israel's military operations
intensify displaced civilians trapped by
Israeli fire face imminent danger
exacerbating the already devastating
death toll International mediators have
been working to broker a deal to Halt a
fighting before the Muslim holy month of
Ramadan begins around March the 10th
still the rallies for peace seem to not
have lost steam 5 months into the war on
Gaza uniting individuals in steadfast
solidarity with the Palestinian cause ni
Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer