hospitals across Gaza have been caught
on the front line of intense Urban
combat Israel says it doesn't Target
hospitals but justifies a heavy military
presence near alifa gaza's largest
hospital by claiming that Hamas is
hiding a command center underneath it
back in October the Israeli Army
published this video which it says
illustrates the network of tunnels
underneath
alifa in another video Israel claimed to
prove the existence of tunnels at the
shik hammad hospital in Northern Gaza
Hospital which was funded by Qatar look
at what Hamas is holding the Israeli
military also claims that hostages were
held in the basement of the alantis
Children's Hospital saying it found the
entrance to a tunnel only 20 M away
You're now entering into the room where
we suspect the hostages were being hold
I want you to look at this room people
are putting curtains with nothing above
just wall no reason to put here a
curtain unless you want to film hostages
and deliver movies both Hamas and staff
working in gaza's hospitals have denied
Israel's claims doctors at alifa insist
they haven't seen any Hamas Fighters
inside the
hospital Hamas itself claims to have
built a network of tunnels that
stretches for more than 500 km they're
believed to be up to 30 M below the
surface Israel accuses Hamas of locating
entrances in houses mosques schools and
other public buildings to help militants
avoid being spotted
It also says Hamas is using the tunnels
to keep
hostages Hamas ramped up construction of
the tunnels in 2007 when Israel and
Egypt began restricting the movement of
goods into Gaza since then they've been
used to smuggle in Goods Fuel and
weapons to get around the blockade