[Music]
this was the scene on February 12th as
protesters gathered outside Mount Si
Hospital even without the law you have
to have an ounce of decency not to do
this I don't care what you're protesting
Swift reaction from the premier and the
Prime Minister saying in a post I
strongly condemn this display of
anti-Semitism I think we need to be
really careful when politicians then
characterize a whole rally as targeting
a hospital protest organizers are now
calling out some of Toronto's large
hospitals over a public statement issued
in response to the protest I'm speaking
out saying it is not anti-semitic to be
prop Palestinian in fact it's part of my
Jewish values to show up and speak
against genocide because as the
granddaughter of Holocaust Survivors I
know that I have to speak out loudly and
say that no genocide will happen in my
name the letter by the Toronto academic
Health Science Network reads in part
unfortunately a demonstration on
University Avenue directly impacted
Mount Si hospital we unequivocally Al
denounce this display of anti-Semitism
and all forms of racism in a joint
statement on Instagram protest
organizers say Hospital CEOs rushed to
make false public accusations the
protesters marching past Mount Si were
anti-semitic and put patients at risk
join us in writing to hospital CEOs to
ask them to retract their inaccurate
statement and issue an apology the
Spider-Man for Palestine had clined
multiple fixtures throughout the last
four months and years actually prior to
this protest so to say that it was
targeting a specific hospital is
inaccurate but I also think it's
distracting from why the protest was and
while organizers maintain Mount Si
wasn't targeted some Jewish
organizations feel differently at all
the only Hospital on Hospital Road that
has a Jewish star of David in its logo
and the only Hospital along Hospital row
that has deep roots with the Jewish
Community has a very clear impact and
that impact is anti-Semitism we reached
down to the Toronto academic Health
Science Network for comment regarding
that letter that was signed by 15
Hospital CEOs in an email to Global News
they say they have nothing further to
add shalima Maharaj Global News