the dispute between China and the US the
two most powerful economies in the world
is getting even more heated tonight with
Canada still caught in the middle at the
center of all the attention that
courthouse in downtown Vancouver and a
multi-million dollar home on the city's
west side seat if he's been milder as
our top story under the watchful eyes of
a security team hired to make sure she
doesn't skip bail huawei chief financial
officer hmong wonro remains a prisoner
in her five million dollar Westside home
if extradition proceeds she should get
comfortable in Vancouver because it's
gonna require three years one day after
the US Justice Department announced two
dozen charges against Hmong and Huawei
her security team whisked her into BC
Supreme Court to request a minor change
in one of her bail conditions the
appearance drew supporters critical of
the u.s. they're all paranoid that's all
it is you let they try to keep trying to
found this all it is the Americans
accused hmong of bank fraud wire fraud
and conspiracy and now Canada has until
March first to decide if the US has a
strong enough case to warrant
extradition the Justice Minister may
look at everything and decide it's too
politicized to continue the American
president has waited in suggesting this
a tradition case is nothing more than a
pawn game in a trade negotiation with
China last week Canadian ambassador to
China John McCallum lost his job for
expressing similar sentiments in the
media I think she has some strong
arguments mungs lawyer says she plans to
fight extradition in court the outcome
of the case guaranteed to anger one of
Canada's two largest trading partners
this case is put to a Canada between the
large American elephant and the huge
Chinese gorilla in terms of economic
power Canada gets crumbs out of this and
Ben is live tonight outside BC Supreme
Court downtown Ben what happens next
well Hmong we'll be back here in court
on March the 6th by then we'll know if
Canada has decided to go ahead with the
extradition if the answer is no she'll
be free to go if the answer is yes this
is just the beginning of a court case
that could drag on for years me John
Ben Miller reporting live tonight