in the early hours of this morning the
Israeli military conducted its biggest
ground incursion into Gaza since this
War
Began tanks and infantry soldiers went
through the barrier fence in what Israel
says was an operation to prepare the
battlefield they took out Hamas
anti-tank positions and other
infrastructure and then left Sky News
has geolocated the exact point where
they entered along the northern section
of the
area the maneuver is only one stage in a
long-term process that includes security
political and social aspects that will
take years to
complete the campaign will soon ramp up
with greater
force by day the Israeli bombing
campaign continued there have been more
than 250 air strikes in the last 24
hours on the ground in Gaza things are
getting to Breaking Point the UN says it
Des desperately needs fuel to power its
hospitals and water desalination
plants the Palestinian Health Ministry
says that more than 7,000 gazin have now
died in the last 20 days the Israeli
bombing campaign has been the most
intense of any country this
Century Sada abu's apartment was hit by
an air strike today she lived there with
her children and grandchildren they're
now homeless and she has no idea why
they were
targeted they bombarded the building
look look at the bedroom where the
children sleep we didn't have any water
from the day when the war started on the
7th of October there is no running water
check the cans it's only a black slime
coming out of the tap we are all being
penalized we are civilians and did
nothing
wrong the United Nations held another
emergency session in New York today and
and both Israeli and Palestinian
Representatives address the chamber
should Hamas put down their arms return
our hostages and turn themselves in this
war will end without one more shot being
fired stop the bombs and save lives as
the president of the general assembly
has
indicated all
lives lives of children of
civilians of 2.3 million
civilians there is a lot of
international pressure on both sides to
call a pause to the fighting this would
create a window to get more Aid into
Gaza and it could be an opportunity for
Hamas to release civilian
hostages if that happened it would only
be a temporary ceasefire though Israel
hasn't achieved its objectives yet Alis
Sky news in Israel