over the years Silvio Berlusconi has
been accused dozens of times of dodgy
business dealings never been convicted
but what he faces now is far more
serious
at the center of the case Karima El Maru
widely known as Ruby she's 18 now
exploiting her Newfound Fame doing
commercials but last year when she was a
minor she accepted money from Berlusconi
to attend a party they both say it was
innocent although the prosecutors insist
the money was for sex a criminal act
when it involves a minor they also wrote
the judge that much later after Ruby had
been arrested for theft Berlusconi
abused his power ordering police to
release her
burlesconis already said the accusations
are politically motivated and disgusting
is a billionaire he's dominated Italian
politics for a decade and a half in the
past Italians seemed willing to overlook
his often Tall Tree private life but
they may have run out of patience
over the weekend hundreds of thousands
women mostly demonstrated across the
country
a union leader says Italians are fed up
watching their country being turned into
a bad soap opera
the prosecutors have asked for a fast
track trial the court agreed the speedy
trial
[Music]
it implies that there is an overwhelming
evidence the trial begins April the 6th
at this courthouse in Milan three judges
presiding chosen randomly coincidentally
all are women
Berlusconi has admitted he's paid young
women to attend his parties but not for
sex he said that would destroy the
thrill of the chase
it was convicted he could go to jail but
even if he's acquitted the testimony
about his lifestyle it's felt that alone
could finish and politically
Tom Kennedy CTV News London