could an Israeli military unit be
sanctioned for human rights abuses and
what exactly have they been accused of
his everything you need to
[Music]
know they're an IDF Battalion accused of
human rights violations now risking
unprecedented sanctions by the United
States but who exactly are the netsa
yahuda
Battalion created in 1999 the IDF unit
was made to to accommodate the religious
beliefs of the ultra Orthodox recruits
the Israeli military gives the soldiers
extra time for prayers and study and
also limits their interactions with
women in the ranks we are waiting for
them our organization is there to help
them integrate into the army they said
to have mainly operated around the West
Bank until
2022 but since then have been seen in
Northern Gaza during the idf's early
military op operations later moving
south so what have they been accused of
Investigations into the unit began after
the death of a 78-year-old Palestinian
American Omar Assad 2 years ago a
postmortem later found he died from a
stress induced heart attack he was
detained and gagged by the Battalion and
later found abandoned at a building
site there's since been several
incidents soldiers have been accused of
abusing Palestinian Det
some have been charged but in a
statement the IDF says the Battalion is
professionally and bravely conducting
operations with full commitment to
international law so what happens
next good morning US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin said sanctions could be
coming over the allegations of Human
Rights abuses the sanctions ban the
transfer of Us weapons or any other
assistance to the netsa Yehuda soldiers
that would be the first time the US has
sanctioned a unit of the Israeli
military it's already been met with Fury
from the Israeli government he's
Benjamin
Netanyahu I will fiercely defend the IDF
our army and our Fighters if someone
thinks they can impose sanctions on an
IDF unit I will fight it with all my
might the dispute shows another instance
where the US Israel tight rope can
continues to get thinner as the calls
for restrain in Gaza grow louder