medicines for hostages in the Gaza Strip
and humanitarian aid for civilians
that's entered the waron Palestinian
territory under a deal that was mediated
by Doha and Paris and this comes after
Hamas announced new conditions for
delivering medicines to the hostages
well those hostages are still in
captivity in Gaza and under the deal
mediated by France and Qatar medicines
along with humanitarian Aid has been
supplied to gazin in exchange for
providing medicines to about 45 hostages
M senior leader said on wednessday for
every box of medicine for the hostages
thousand boxes must be given to the
residents of Gaza he further said
medicines must be supplied through a
country Hamas trusts and not through
France during a weekl long truce in
November Hamas released over 100
hostages in exchange for around 240
Palestinian prisoners back at home
Israelis are increasing pressure on the
government to make more efforts for the
the release of the
hostages and for more on this our
correspondent Jodi go has sent us this
report listen to
this this deal negotiated by Qatar and
France marks the first time in more than
100 days that the hostages would have
received medicine a particular concern
for the elderly and injured talks are
also ongoing regarding a potential deal
to release the more than 130 hostages
still being held in Gaza many of the
hostages families believe their
government's first priority should be
the release of the hostages and then
defeating Hamas however Israel's defense
minister yav Galant has suggested that
he believes military pressure on Hamas
is what will lead them to Serious
negotiations meanwhile a small protest
in Tel Aviv with roughly 20 to 30
participants has called for a ceasefire
prime minister Netanyahu has reportedly
suggested Ed that the war could continue
throughout 2024 this is jod Cohen for
weon world is one Von is now available
in your country download the app now get
all the news on the move