and the United States it's sending a
naval carrier strike group to Eastern
Mediterranean the deployment comes in
the wake of the Israel Hamas War which
is escalating by the hour Washington is
also positioning more fighter jets
reportedly including f35s and f-15s
closer to Israel officials say the
deployment of USS Gerald arford and
other US military assets near Israel
will prove as a deterrent to the Iran
and Iranian backed Hezbollah and other
militant groups senior us officials have
so far maintained that no direct Iranian
connection has been found with the Hamas
attack in Israel Iran has historically
provided weapons to Hamas but us
officials are looking for a more
specific connection experts have
nonetheless said that us sending an
aircraft carrier to the region that is a
major escalation some have even called
the huge deployment dangerous for the
region Hamas has also criticized the
United States for the same calling it an
act of aggression against Palestinian
people president President Biden has
also pledged assistance to the Israeli
people and forces senior us officials
from the state and defense departments
are moving to deliver weapons and
resources to Israel as part of already
existing contracts Reports say necessary
items such as artillery shells and
missiles for Israel's air defense system
were part of the aid package being
discussed while Israel supplies are
sufficient in the short term they may
need additional support if the conflict
drags on artillery shells would also be
crucial if Israel launched a full-blown
ground incursion into Gaza the Biden
Administration is also looking to send
the aid immediately through the 100
million presidential draw down Authority
the facility can be used by Presidential
administrations for purposes all around
the world but Reports say the draw down
will likely need additional funds from
the Congress the Biden Administration
has come under criticism at home over
its handling of policies in the West
Asian region Republican presidential
candidate Nikki Haley slam Secretary of
State Anthony blinkin she's labeled his
comments on finding no connection
between Hamas attack and Iran as
irresponsible blinkin said there was no
connection between the Massive Attack on
Israel and the release of $6 billion in
Frozen funds to Iran as part of a
prisoner swap
[Music]
team