[Music]
one bullet shattered both amides legs
doctors are worried about an infection
and how to avoid amputating them he was
shot in mid-may after throwing stones at
Israeli soldiers and tossing rubber
tires onto a fire
my injury is very dangerous and there's
an infection I need between a year and
two years until I get better my other
leg has a lot of infection too from the
entry wound to the exits I asked the
specialist to take me to any country
outside Gaza for trade a
hospital in Beit Hanoun funded by
Indonesia has many patients Sammy's
mother watches helplessly her husband
was killed fighting for Fatah and gazed
Hamas her youngest son helps at the
bedside but two other sons were shot in
December protesting against Donald
Trump's Jerusalem announcement all of
them are on crutches or in wheelchairs I
can't handle it when I look at my
children I feel so much heartbreak I
can't even eat or drink I look at them
and feel so much pain the family home is
large but the garden has been neglected
because four of the men aren't able to
work anymore while three of the brothers
have been injured in recent months one
of the elder sons actually lost his left
hand here in the family garden in 2002
there was an incursion by the Israeli
army they came in to the garden parked
their tanks here and left and explosive
behind when he handled that explosive it
blew up and took off his hand Nadal is
30 years old but has never been able to
find work his monthly disability payment
of five hundred and thirty dollars has
been cut to three hundred because of a
dispute between competing political
interests between Hamas and the
Palestinian Authority
needles affected by those internal
politics the situation in our house is
becoming miserable because none of us is
healthy we're seven brothers four of us
are injured eight brothers actually worn
martyred and four injured the whole
household is deteriorating apart from
the two youngest and my eldest brother
they're healthy all over the Gaza Strip
young men have been encouraged to try
and take down the border fence put up by
Israel and each Friday Israeli snipers
have been shooting protesters to stop
them this family has four disabled
members who are unlikely to ever earn a
decent wage after their leaders used
them to fight yellow op davit trt will
Beit Hanoun
[Music]