[Music]
this was the scene last month at Anil
Hill way
the largest Palestinian refugee camp in
Lebanon a
little-known group of wanted young men
with alleged links to al-qaeda
fought with Fatah and Hamas forces who
were trying to arrest them in order to
hand them over to the Lebanese
authorities these were some of the most
violent clashes that any refugee camp
here has seen in years
by the time it was all over at least
eight people were dead and entire
sections of rain and hail way lay in
ruins
today a wall is being built around the
camp and hundreds inside aren't allowed
to leave Hanukkah hello Lincoln in Cairo
well extremism and radicalism exists all
over our world and we can't deny that
these cases that have appeared in the
refugee camp are linked to larger
changes in the rate
while mujra though Fatah and Hamas have
set aside their political differences
and created a unified force to monitor
extreme groups security inside the camp
is the responsibility of the different
factions and they're really on their own
when it comes to keeping the peace on a
day to day basis we met with one such
unit and they agreed to show us their
arms Depot on the condition that we
don't film anything that would reveal
its exact location the Lebanese army
says some camp residents are allowing
militants to come in community members
say the reality is more complicated
Arahama helium where is a little bit
Babu how they ease the pressure on the
camp and allow it to be in better
economic conditions then you won't find
these extreme factions inside the
problem doesn't begin with - or others
the problem begins with poverty
restrictions on movement and lack of
rights I am one all of which has been
the reality for the majority of
Palestinian refugees in Lebanon for a
very long time
zina odd TRT world Beirut Lebanon
[Music]
you