[Music]
Monday appeared to be a lighter day of
fighting in Gaza but that was little
consolation for Palestinians in gaza's
Central City of De albala mourning the
loss of dozens killed on Sunday meantime
Hamas released this video unverified
purportedly showing it blow up part of
an Israeli military Convoy Israel has
admitted that about 127 of its soldiers
have been killed but also claims to have
killed thousands of Hamas members Hamas
continues to link the US to Israel and
says the US will suffer the same Lost
Cause as it did in wars in Vietnam and
Afghanistan the occupation wants through
these strikes to make Gaza an unlivable
place that it becomes easier to forcibly
displace its people from the land but
she will not be able to achieve your
goal US Secretary of Defense Lloyd
Austin meeting his counterparts in
Israel continued to straddle America's
stance toward Israel by calling the
protection of innocent Palestinians a
moral imperative so we will continue to
stand up for Israel's Bedrock right to
defend
itself and we will also continue to urge
the protection of civilians during
conflict and to increase the flow of
humanitarian Aid into Gaza Austin also
announced the formation of a 10 Nation
Coalition in the Red Sea to guard
against more drone attacks by Iranian
backed houti rebels in Yemen at least
shipping companies have now suspended
their Transit through the Red Sea
including the British oil giant BP at
the Rafa border crossing with Egypt
humanitarian Aid trucks made a far more
orderly trip into Gaza on Monday after
these chaotic scenes the day before the
US says an additional Aid Crossing is
now open over the Israeli Gaza border as
displaced Palestinians wait in long
lines for little water Aid groups say
Israel is starving them
out our life is tragic sometimes we' run
out of water by the evening and the kids
have to sleep thirsty until the sun
rises and we can go out to Philip
again back Channel talks for another
possible Israel Hamas ceasefire are
reportedly continuing for these
Palestinians it can't come soon enough
Andy roosen trt
world