Israel says changes to its fighting
Doctrine are keeping more soldiers alive
including those who have been severely
wounded the Army has sent more doctors
into the field and is evacuating wounded
soldiers more quickly at hadassa
hospital mount scopus in Jerusalem
soldiers are being treated with some of
the latest medical Technologies like
less invasive and more exact robot
assisted surgery times of Crisis are
times for
opportunities what we're able to use for
our p patients or fields of surgery that
have reached a peak in the last year
year and a half it helps you to work
with World leading Technologies and
apply them to crisises that were never
done before or you go in and out you
know you you pluck the bullet out
without taking down half of his pelvis
or sacrum the guy goes home the next day
or the day after you know he doesn't
need to go through a rehab Schroeder
said they are also using 3D printed body
parts to replace bones one soldier
wounded in Gaza had his knee replaced
with a 3D printed model something
Schroeder says could not have been done
with conventional orthopedic surgery in
January hadasa Hospital also opened the
new gandal Rehabilitation Center to
treat soldiers who need extensive rehab
Jerusalem had a severe shortage of rehab
beds before the Center opened officials
say the new facility will provide 132
beds and can treat up to 10,000 patients
a year there is even an underground
Hospital hospital at hadassa if needed
during wartime the latest therapies
include this anti-gravity machine that
helps people learn to walk again it
helped 21-year-old Raphael whose leg was
wounded regain most of its function and
learn to climb again and video games
help Reserve soldiers improve hand eye
coordination you need to be build back
your force your uh uh ability to work to
run let take some time and to do it you
know in some way of of playing instead
of just doing uh you know exercise more
and more times it's of course uh much
better it's fun yeah doctors from
hadassa are developing the technology
both for soldiers and civilians inside
Israel but also to share with the world
Linda gradstein vaa news
Jerusalem