the temporary truce in fighting between
Israel and Hamas in Gaza is now in its
fourth and final day more than 60
Israeli and international hostages have
been released by Hamas since that
ceasefire began Friday over a 100
Palestinians prisoners meanwhile have
been freed by Israel in exchange that
swap comes more than seven weeks after
Hamas led a deadly attack on Israel
October 7th taking some 240 people
hostage and leaving over 12200 dead
International mediators are now pressing
to extend the ceasefire in Gaza that's
put a temporary halt to the deadliest
Israeli Palestinian violence in decades
ABC's Jerusalem correspondent Jordana
Miller told us
more I think it's uh optimistic uh that
this last group will come out uh
yesterday we saw a very smooth Handover
it happened uh almost exactly around the
deadline uh in contrast to the night
before so I think there's a lot of uh
optimism uh Hamas set to release
11 uh 11 hostages and Israel has
received the names of those uh many
people hoping to see most of that list
is children there are still uh over 15
children uh in captivity uh including
the very youngest that was taken uh
during that horrible uh and deadly
attack on October 7th a little
10-month-old uh baby U gobler infant boy
uh he was taken uh with his sibling and
his mother many hoping they will be on
this final list uh Hamas also has
violated uh the uh terms of this
agreement releasing some people without
uh their mothers so there's one mother
many people are hoping will come out her
12-year-old has already been released um
but overall I think many Israelis hoping
that Hamas will indeed
uh extend this uh truce Israel is
interested in extending the truths truce
as long as U more hostages can come out
and the minimum is 10 per day and it
appears that Hamas has been able uh to
locate more even reports that
Palestinian Islamic Jihad uh they were
holding some 30 hostages that they have
been able to turn over those uh people
in their custody to Hamas so there is
optimism here that this truth will be uh
extended for at least one more day