united states and israeli navies are
conducting a four-day joint maritime
exercise in the red sea our
correspondent jody cohen sent us this
report
a statement from the u.s fifth fleet
which is headquartered in bahrain called
the exercise a bilateral training event
with israeli naval forces saying the
drill is focused on mission planning
maritime interdiction and other drills
at sea
israeli ships will participate in a
quote variety of missions alongside
fifth fleet vessels and a refueling
tanker
participating ships among others include
the ins lat which was recently involved
in intercepting hezbollah drones at an
offshore gas field and the uss nitza a
small destroyer equipped with air-to-air
missiles cruise missiles for long-range
land attacks and torpedoes
the drill follows a similar joint
exercise held in april last when a task
force was established to patrol the red
sea with the objectives of countering
mines and weapons smuggling links to
iran and its proxies and protecting the
safe movement of commercial vessels
a drill was also held in november 2021
involving the us israel bahrain and the
uae in what israeli officials said was a
response to iranian attacks against
israeli naval assets
and last month israel revealed satellite
images suggesting the most significant
build-up in 10 years of iranian military
maritime activity in the red sea
tensions appear to be escalating around
the red sea and with the renewed iran
nuclear agreements looking less likely
to be signed there is reportedly a
growing alliance across west asia under
u.s leadership to defend against iran
the i2 u2 group involving india israel
the us and uae provides further
potential for cooperation in the red sea
region with the indian navy having
carried out exercises in the red sea
this year as well as the last this is
jody cohn for we on world is
[Music]
one you