latest on washington and his allies
warning that russia could invade ukraine
any moment
several countries issued quick
advisories for their nationals to leave
ukraine and started charting out plans
as well to evacuate their embassy staff
from the country moscow's dismissal of a
west's warning as hysteria did not ease
the concerns for the countries
israel has started evacuating its
embassy staff and their families from
kiev citing an aggravation of the
situation over the ukraine conflict
passengers from ukraine arrived at the
ben gurion airport in tel aviv as
tensions between kiev and moscow
continue to escalate
[Music]
when we arrived in ukraine we saw a lot
of military vehicles and on saturday we
started getting a lot of messages that
we should leave as soon as possible
luckily our flight was scheduled for
today but there were a lot of people
with us on the flight who had
rescheduled their flights
israel's foreign ministry has also urged
its nationals to avoid traveling to
ukraine it is also advising citizens
residing in ukraine to avoid approaching
hot spots in view of the worsening
situation israel's move comes as despite
russian claims of pulling out of the
troops or pulling back of the troops the
situation continues to remain tense at
the ukrainian border and talks to avoid
the conflict have made little headway
our correspondent jody cohen has sent us
this report from the bengal airport in
tel aviv take a look
amidst the looming uncertainty in
ukraine israel has begun evacuating its
citizens with four flights landing on
tuesday and 32 scheduled for this week
from ukraine israel's foreign minister
yair lapid has pleaded with the 10 to 15
000 israelis in ukraine to leave while
they can and after a slow start israeli
airlines are seeing an uptick in the
number of people asking to fly out
israel is also preparing for the
possible evacuation of the jewish
community in ukraine which is one of the
largest in europe in the meantime
synagogues have begun stockpiling food
and mattresses as tensions mount this is
jodicone for beyond world as one
we are now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move