the British foreign secretary David
Cameron is in Israel meeting leaders
there for talks on Iran Cameron says
Israel will act after Iran strikes on
Saturday but he says he hopes they'll
act in a way that does little to
escalate the situation Iran says its
drone and missile attack was in response
to Israel's strike on its consulate
building in Syria earlier this
month the situation is very concerning
it's right to show solidarity with
Israel uh it's right to have made our
views clear about what should happen
next but it's clear the Israelis are
making a decision to act we hope they do
so in a way that does as little to
escalate this as possible and in a way
that as I said yesterday is is smart as
well as tough but the real need is to
refocus back on Hamas back on the
hostages back on getting the aid in
backing on back on getting a PO in the
conflict in Gaza that's why I'm here
today to talk to the Israeli government
to talk to the Palestinian Authority to
try and push those things
forward well let's bring in ham she
joins us now from Tel Aviv soham we
understand David Cameron has just met
with Benjamin Netanyahu what's coming
out of
that well in an apparent rejection of
international pressure the Israeli Prime
Minister speaking in a weekly cabinet
meeting saying that Israel will respond
however it sees fit and that quote
Israel res reserves its right to defend
itself but the UK foreign secretary's
visit was not the only foreign visit in
Israel today we also had the German
foreign minister speaking with not only
the Israeli Prime Minister but also the
foreign minister Israel cats in which
both leaders had emphasized that Israel
is going to respond at a time that it
sees fit for itself there's been a lot
of international pressure from Germany
from the United Kingdom the United
States especially for Israel not to
respond fearing it will lead to some
sort of larger escalation but remember
all of this is because it was a
retaliation against the Israelis who had
struck the Iranian Consulate in Damascus
on April 1st so Netanyahu is speaking
out saying that Israel will do whatever
it sees fit at a time and place that
works for them all right thanks so
much
there make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the news from aler