and away from that iran's recently
concluded war games in the passing gulf
have sparked fears of an escalating
conflict between israel and iran
iran launched 16 ballistic missiles on
friday at the end of its five-day
military drills according to iran's top
military commanders this week's war
games were intended to send a warning to
israel the revolutionary guards war
games included firing ballistic and
cruise missiles
state television showed missiles
destroying a target which resembled
israel's demona nuclear facility
reports suggests iranian troops created
dummy targets to practice attacking the
crucial center iran says its ballistic
missiles have a range of 2 000
kilometers and are capable of reaching
israel and u.s bases in the region
britain meanwhile has condemned the
launch of ballistic missiles and has
called for immediate suspension of
military activities from iran's side
meanwhile israeli
said on tuesday that israel's recent
attack on syria's nataki airport was a
direct message to iran and its threat
according to the news agency israeli
military experts have expressed concerns
about iran's growing aggression owing to
its proximity with the country according
to the newspaper it will take iran an
hour to launch missiles into israel if
it thinks to initiate a direct war
iran's military drills came after u.s
national security adviser jake sullivan
met with israeli prime minister naftali
bennett israel which opposes efforts by
wild powers to revive the agreement has
long threatened military action if
diplomacy fails iran says its nuclear
ambitions are peaceful and doesn't have
the intention to threaten the stability
of the region
we on is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move