based on intelligence information and an
operational necessity Ida forces are
carrying out a precise and targeted
operation against Hamas in a specified
area in the shifa hospital the IDF is
conducting a ground operation in Gaza to
defeat Hamas and rescue our hostages
Israel is at war with Hamas not with the
civilians in Gaza the IDF forces include
medical and Arabic speakers who have
undergone specified training to prepare
for this complex and sensitive
environment with the intent that no harm
is caused to the civilians being used by
Hamas as human
shields in recent weeks the IDF has
publicly warned time and again that
hamas's continued military use of shifa
Hospital jeopardizes its protect Ed
status under the international law we
also gave umle time to stop this
unlawful abuse of the hospital the IDF
has also facilitated widescale
evacuation of the hospital and
maintained regular dialogue with
Hospital authorities based on
intelligence information and an
operational necessity IDF forces are
carrying out a precise and targeted
operation
against Hamas in a specified area in the
shifa hospital the IDF is conducting a
ground operation in Gaza to defeat Hamas
and rescue our hostages Israel is at war
with Hamas not with the civilians in
Gaza the IDF forces include medical
teams and Arabic speakers who have
undergone specified training to prepare
for this complex and sensitive
environment with the intent that no harm
is caused to the civilians being used by
Hamas as human
shields in recent weeks the IDF has
publicly warned time and again that
hamas's continued military use of shifa
Hospital jeopardizes its protected
status under the international law we
also gave umle time to stop this
unlawful abuse of the hospital the idfs
also facilitated widescale evacuation of
the hospital and maintained regular
dialogue with Hospital authorities stay
with the times of India for news breaks
analysis interviews and events we bring
you stories from your neighborhood and
from across the globe as well subscribe
to our YouTube channel hit the like
button and press the Bell icon so you
don't miss any of our
videos