from the White House from the Oval
Office a presidential
address good evening my fellow Americans
we're facing an inflection point in
history he was speaking from the
Resolute desk a framing to emphasize a
time of deep uncertainty an attempt to
weave together two distinct challenges
two distinct conflicts Hamas and Putin
represent different threats but they
share this in common they both want to
completely annihilate a neighboring
democracy completely annihilated the
audience in the room the first lady the
audience beyond the auto que well it
felt like it was first the American
public wavering maybe on Ukraine anxious
certainly on Israel Gaza American
leadership is what holds the world
together American alliances what keep us
America safe American values are what
make us a partner that other nations
want to work with to put all that at
risk if we walk away from Ukraine we
turn turn our backs on Israel it's just
not worth it it felt like an attempt at
persuasion to America's doubters those
who think it no longer wields the
influence or holds the power America is
a beacon to the world still
still he spoke just hours after arriving
back from Israel and most movingly I met
with Israelis who had personally lived
through horrific horror of the attack by
Hamas on the 7th of October deep empathy
for Israel's Darkest
Day but on the substance of a Middle
East now in turmoil a conflict that
could spiral while he had little in the
way of a path ahead there was a repeat
of the advice for Israel I caution the
government of Israel not to be blinded
by rage and solidarity for Gaz and
civilians under bombs he is supplying we
can't ignore the humanity of innocent
Palestinians who only want to live in
peace and have an opportunity
there was perhaps an awkwardness to his
message wrapping together support for
the occupied in Ukraine with the much
more Nuance challenges of the Israelis
and the Palestinians but at such a
complicated time he sought to simplify
it because he knows he needs the support
of the American
people and he knows too that he needs
the funding from the politicians in
there markstone Sky News in Washington