now to Israel's war with Hamas as the
fighting intensifies the war is also
raising alarms here in the US the FBI
director told lawmakers yesterday that
the threat environment is unusually
high all the lights were blinking red
before 911 apparently obviously all of
us missed it would you say that there's
multiple blinking red lights out there I
see blinking lights everywhere I turn
chief justice correspondent Pier Thomas
is tracking this Homeland threat good
morning Pierre Michael good morning
those of us who remember 9911 see the
FBI director's exchange with Senator
Lindsey Graham as quite disturbing
chilling even here's why the FBI
director says he's seeing those blinking
red lights everywhere since the Israeli
Hamas War started a number of Terror
groups including Isis and Al-Qaeda have
been flooding social media with calls
for attacks including here in the US and
there's been a spike in threats against
the Muslim Community and a stunning
increase in threats aimed at Jewish
Americans in fact Ray says since he's
been director he's never seen a time
where so many of the threats are all
elevated all at exactly the same time
Ray's calling on Congress to renew the
law which allows the FBI to conduct
surveillance on terrorist suspects
overseas that law is set to expire at
the end of the year Ray says now is not
the time to let that happen ju guu a
chilling update thanks Pierre
Thomas hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and live
event coverage click on the right over
here to subscribe to our Channel and
don't forget to download the ABC News
app for breaking news alerts thanks for
watching