I think I'd like to reflect a little bit
on what the overall situation is because
that's uh something that really does
concern the entire world at this stage
and I think what we need to reflect on
is the following number one this is an
entirely unprecedented situation taking
place in West Asia the prospect of an
Israeli ground offensive on Gaza is very
very real at this stage um the
possibility of this happening in a very
finite period of time is absolutely
clear Gaza itself is out of electricity
there is a human crisis happening over
there their medical facilities are down
be that as it is Israel is absolutely
committed and is entirely resolved to
ensure that this goes on and that for
every Israeli hostage or every Israeli
life that is lost they will uh seek
Vengeance in a sense the statements
which have been made by the Israeli
leadership are absolutely direct now we
have seen Israeli occupations of Gaza in
the past these have inevitably been very
difficult and protracted a Affairs uh
but this is something which is now
likely to take place again in the last
several hours in terms of the use of air
power something which the Israelis do do
we have seen much larger use of force in
by by which I mean uh the types of bombs
which have used which have been smaller
bombs with far less explosives in the
past those have been replaced by larger
ordinance more capable bombs taking out
much larger structures all at once there
is also a sense now that is the Israeli
Air Force's policy of dropping roof
knocker bombs in other words small bombs
on top of targets whereby which don't
really destroy the building where people
inside it are warned that there's a
larger attack coming please leave that
warning system will not happen they will
be hitting targets which they de fit and
they'll continue on this Israeli
reservists have also been called up
Israel tanks have been seen moving
towards the Gaza Strip as well so that
is an overall situation which I think we
need to very carefully look at and I
think we also need to also look very
closely at um the international scenario
with reactions from the Saudis and
qataris on one side and reactions from
America as well because those reactions
are in a sense going to influence the
course of what happens next