concerns over military escalation in the
Middle East after an air strike that
killed several senior Iranian commanders
Iran blames Israel for the attack
foreign correspondent rip brick clanet
is tracking the latest from Tel Aviv
good morning
Brit Good morning George yeah as Iran
vows to retaliate for an attack on its
Consulate in Syria Israel has expressed
its sincere sorrow after seven Aid
workers were killed delivering food into
Gaza this morning seven Aid workers
including a duel US Canadian citizen
killed while delivering death
desperately needed Aid in Northern Gaza
in the aftermath of the Israeli air
strike on their vehicle gruesome video
showing the bodies of some of the
victims which include polish British
Australian and Palestinian citizens the
world Central kitchen now saying it is
pausing Gaza operations following the
attack on its workers this as Regional
tensions escalate Iran vowing Revenge
after an air strike in Syria killed two
of its top commanders and five officers
Iran and Syria blaming Israel for the
attack though Israel has yet to comment
the strike reportedly six missiles from
Israeli war planes leveling a
multi-story building just next to the
Iranian Embassy in
Damascus the Iranian Ambassador in Syria
saying such crimes and violating
international law will have its response
in an appropriate time the attack comes
as Israel has intensified strikes on
Iranian military targets and Iran's
allies in the region since the start of
Israel's war with Hamas meanwhile in
talks with the us over Israel's planned
invasion of gaza's southernmost sit of
Rafa Israel agreeing to take into
account us concerns over civilian
casualties and on that Aid worker attack
we've just learned that a second NGO has
paused operations us-based anera
together with the world Central Kitchen
provided Gaza with an average of 250,000
meals per day Michael intense situation
there Brit thank you so much for that hi
everyone George Stephanopoulos here
thanks for checking out the ABC News
YouTube channel if you'd like to get
more videos show high and watch live
event coverage click on the right over
here to subscribe to our Channel and
don't forget to download the ABC News
app for breaking news alerts thanks for
watching