a new day a new cloud of black smoke
fills the Gaza Skyline three hospitals
in The Enclave are now Under
Siege patients similar to these needing
urgent medical care after another night
of air strikes can't get into the
medical facilities while those inside
can't get out the Palestinian red
Cresent says Medical Teams and civilians
are under heavy gunfire targeting
hospitals is considered a war crime
under International Rules of Engagement
but Israel says the medical facilities
double as military bases for Hamas are
claimed the group denies we have
been very strongly from long time ago
claiming the need for a humanitarian
ceasefire to silence the guns as the
only way to address the problems of the
population in Gaza and the only way to
have humanitarian Aid so I see a growing
consensus emerging International
Community to tell the Israelis that the
ceasefire is
needed the hospital sieges come as the
enclaves humanitarian situation
worsens these hospitals for the last
couple of weeks are seeing High number
of severely acute malnutrition with
complications unfortunately
today myself I saw six children with
severely acute malnutrition with
complications adding desperation to
despair the un's Palestinian refugee
agency says its food convoys are no
longer allowed to enter Northern Gaza
Ana says Israel's decision to block its
food Aid delivery is
outrageous in light of the famine
sweeping through all the homes of
citizens in the northern Gaza Strip
there's an increase in the number of
children coming to our Hospital who are
suffering Advanced dehydration and
malnutrition we are receiving more than
50 malnutrition cases a day and the
effects aren't only
physical I have the right to live as a
little girl like anywhere else in the
world in a safe place when I leave my
home I'm always so scared I want us to
be like any other children in the world
a simple desire that seems like a
distant dream Lind new Sephora trt world