the Israeli military is steadily moving
through the Gaza Strip but the fight
against Hamas is still
intense after 2 days of being denied
entry the World Health Organization
evacuated critically ill patients out of
NASA Hospital in K Yunis its medical
center the latest casualty in this war
this is the former emergency depart
National medical
complex and it's a death
zone as the blood conflict continues
Israel's leaders are now turning their
attention to Rafa the last major urban
area right on the Gaza Egypt border for
the first time a member of Israel's war
cabinet has put a time frame on the
ground
operation if by Ramadan hostages are not
home the fighting will continue
everywhere to include Rafa
area more than a million civilians are
now in Rafa most of them having fled the
fighting elsewhere in Gaza and many
living in tents if they can find one or
out in the open if not the situation is
desperate We are Becoming weak and my
siblings are Getting Thinner before they
were in Better Health now life is
destroyed there is growing International
position to an Israeli ground offensive
in Rafa without a plan to protect the
civilians there one option is to
relocate gar and civilians back to the
north but this is what it looks like
there now filmed by our team in recent
days very few buildings have been left
standing and many people remain trapped
under the
rubble Israel says it has no plans to
force garans into Egypt but a ground
invasion of Rafa could cause chaos
amongst already desperate people
satellite images taken this month show
massive construction on the Egyptian
side of the
Border Egypt says it won't allow
Palestinians to be pushed South Israel
says that it needs to enter Rafa if it
is going to eliminate Hamas they believe
that many of the group's senior leaders
are now hiding there some of the
hostages could be held there and they
want to locate and destroy the tunnels
that go into Egypt that have been used
in the past to smuggle weapons to
Hamas it's unclear whether Benny gans's
warning of a Rafa offensive by Ramadan
is official government policy or a ploy
to put pressure on Hamas to agree a new
hostage deal it's also hard to see
though how Israel could claim a victory
over Hamas if it doesn't go into Rafa
alist bunkle Sky News in
Jerusalem