to the standing steadfast behind Israel
in this war is the United States of
America and the United States is also it
appears is feeling a bit of the heat for
supporting Israel in this manner the B
Administration has said that the US Army
based camps are being attacked in Iraq
and Syria since the beginning of the
Israel Hamas War nearly 24 American
troops have sustained injuries now the
American troops were injured in at least
about five rocket and drone attacks that
targeted three Iraqi military bases
where they are stationed according to
Reports most of the Drone attacks were
destroyed in the air and Pentagon
spokesperson Brigadier General Patrick
Ryder said between the 17th of October
till the 24th of October American all
and Allied Forces in Iraq and Syria have
been targeted at least 13 times with
drones and Rockets the Americans have
not made it clear as to what they're
doing in Syria because the syrians have
said that the American troops should not
exist on Syrian soil even within Iraq
the American presence is deeply resented
and the Iraqi Parliament is passed
resolution after resolution demanding
that the Americans must leave Iraqi
soil between October 17th and the 24th
uh us and Coalition forces have been
attacked at least 10 separate times in
Iraq and three separate times in Syria
uh via a mix of one-way attack drones
and Rockets
apart from the injuries to the American
soldiers in Syria's Southern province of
D eight Syrian soldiers have been killed
and seven others been injured in missile
strikes that have been carried out by
Israeli forces it is not clear as to
what the provocation was which resulted
in the Israelis carrying out these air
bombings on Syrian soil Von is now
available in your country download the
app now and get all the news on the move