Europe's most active volcano is spewing
lava and ash after new crack opened in
Mount Etna the fracture formed during an
unusually high level of seismic activity
with more than 130 tremors reported
today alone no injuries reported but the
ash prompted Sicilies Catania Airport to
shut down operations overnight Mount
Etna has been particularly active since
July tensions between Ottawa and Beijing
are bubbling over tonight as other
countries get dragged into the
diplomatic fight China is now going
after Canada's allies accusing the UK
and European Union of a double standard
they voiced concerns about detained
Canadians spending Christmas in custody
but stayed silent on the arrest of a
Chinese exec in Vancouver CTV's Kevin
Gallagher reports you wanna you wanna go
find them China's foreign ministry
blasted Canada and its allies today
calling them hypocrites when Canada
illegally arrested a Chinese executive
at the behest of the US this spokeswoman
asked where were they in a scathing
editorial pro-beijing tabloid Global
Times says Canada will pay for its bad
behavior and roping in its allies will
never work this former CSIS director
rejects that I don't think the West is
going to stop pushing back because I
think it's also in the interest of the
west of other countries not to have
their citizens picked up whenever
there's a disagreement with China
Canadian officials arrested Huawei
executive Hmong lanzhou earlier this
month at the request of the Americans
days later the Chinese detained former
Canadian diplomat Michel khovrakh and
entrepreneur Michels pavel beijing says
both men pose a risk to state security a
third Canadian Sara McIver was detained
last week for work visa violations they
continue to maintain there's no
connection I think that's a bit
disingenuous this dispute comes amid
trade tensions between the US and China
and as Ottawa is conducting a national
security review of telecom giant Huawei
this is probably the beginning of a long
draw
conflicts between the East versus West
that we are going to see it is I think
very unfortunate that Canada is being
caught in the middle and the tensions
could intensify as mungs extradition
process could drag on for years she's
currently free on strict bail conditions
in Vancouver Omar her next court date is
scheduled for early February all right
Kevin thank you