guess who landed himself in trouble
again it's the richest man himself Elon
Musk egg billionaire Elon Musk visited
Israel where he expressed his support
for Israel's action against Hamas the
billionaire also met Israel's prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu and the
families of hostages in his meeting musk
was gifted a symbolic dog tag from a
hostage father engraved with the message
our hearts are hostage in Gaza musk
expressed his commitment to wearing the
dog tag daily until the release of loved
ones but controversy followed musk
musk's visit to Israel comes at a time
when he has been facing criticism for
allegedly expressing hatred against Jews
Israel's president Isaac Herzog
emphasized musk's responsibility as a
public figure earlier Elon Musk met
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu the two held a brief live
stream conversation on X during which
musk agreed with Netanyahu that the only
way to obtain peace and security was to
destroy Hamas the Israeli Prime Minister
took musk on a tour to an Israeli CS
destroyed during hamas's October 7
attack after Gaza experienced major
internet disruption and outrages as
Israel intensified its military
operations musk had proposed to provide
staling to Gaza however his decision
faced scrutiny from Israel due to
concerns over potential misuse by Hamas
during the visit an agreement was
reached that staling can only be used in
Israel and Gaza with the approval of
Israeli
government
Elon musk's visit to Israel followed a
controversy on his social media platform
X major advertisers like apple Disney
IBM and Comcast paused ads due to
concerns about them appearing next to a
pro- naazi Content according to reports
X could lose up to $75 million in
Revenue as advertisers flee the platform
musk faced criticism for endorsing an
anti-semitic conspiracy theory onx where
he appeared to support the idea of a
plot by Jewish Community to promote
hatred against against white people this
parked a strong backlash with even the
White House denouncing musk's
endorsements musk denies anti-Semitism
stating his common targeted groups
critical office platform like the anti-
defamation league if you like this video
then like share and subscribe to mirror
now