mr. speaker it's clear that our
international partners are quickly
losing respect for this Prime Minister
it's no wonder after clowning around in
India inviting a convicted terrorist
along he was then forced to accept
concession after concession from Donald
Trump
all the while managing to anger our
partners in Japan and Australia and now
how Canadians are paying for his
mistakes when it comes to our
relationship with China so once again
why did he show such weakness and wait
so long to fire his own ambassador
[Music]
international obligations and we will
always put the safety of Canadians first
but Mr Speaker we will take no lessons
from that leader of the Opposition whose
only policy pronouncement on foreign
policy has been to come down on one side
of the most divisive destructive debate
to happen in the UK for an awfully long
time people will understand no lessons
from the Harper Conservatives or from
that conservative on Canada's place in
the world Prime Minister came down on
the losing side of that debate in the
United Kingdom
[Music]
mr. speaker days this Prime Minister
allowed Canada's position to be weakened
by having his own personal
representative interfere with an
independent process politicizing the
issue by giving a briefing in his old
political constituency why did it take
so long for the Prime Minister to fire
his ambassador coming down clearly on
one side of the most divisive foreign
policy debate to hit the United Kingdom
in a long time
he even boasted about it saying that he
was Pro brexit before brexit was cool
quite frankly mr. speaker we will take
no lessons from those members on the
matter of Canada's standing in the world
and the great work we're doing
[Applause]
the speaker will take no lessons from
someone who is boasted about admiring
the basic dictatorship of child
[Applause]