Just Before Dawn on Friday explosions
lead night sky over East fahan
Iran Teran says an air base was targeted
by three
drones hello today is April 19 it's 545
a.m. is the zarja region of Isfahan this
is a nuclear energy Mountain at 4:45 we
had gunshots there was nothing going on
it was the air defense these guys that
you are watching and over there too
everything is safe and sound nothing is
on at least where we are nothing was hit
or damaged nothing at
all a week ago Iran fired hundreds of
drones and missiles at Israel responding
to the April first attack on its Embassy
in Damascus which killed several
military officials including two
commanders us sources say Israel was
behind the attack just hours earlier
Iran's foreign minister Hussein Amir
abdan
the UN Security Council that further
escalation by Israel would have
consequences Iran's legitimate defense
and counter measures have been concluded
therefore the Israeli regime the
terrorist Israeli regime must be
compelled to stop any further military
adventurism against our interests
certainly in case of any use of forced
by the Israeli regime and of violating
our sovereignty the Islamic Republic of
Iran will not hesitate a bit to assert
its inherent right to give a decisive
and proper response to it to make the
regime regret its
action some analysts are calling the E
fahan attack a warning shot Israel
sending a message to Iran with no real
intention to cause damage so far uh it
does seem that Israel took a uh limited
strike uh in spite of the fact that they
did strike inside of Iran uh for the
purpose of uh demonstrating that they
can do it uh and that Iran should not
make a repeat of this weekend's
activities the ball is now firmly in
Iran's court and as fears grow over a
broader regional conflict everything is
riding on a shore of restraint from
Teran Dominic Brian Omi trt world