while Central Kitchen a us-based charity
stated a consignment of almost 200 tons
of food Aid had reached starving people
in North Gaza on Tuesday it reached a
week after being dispatched via a
maritime route from the cot Port of
lanaka while Central Kitchen working
with the UAE and Spanish charity Open
Arms sent the food via the 322 km sea
route from lanaka to a makeshift jetti
off Gaza the consignment arrived off
Gaza on Friday here's all you need to
know about the
organization renowned Spanish Chef Jose
Andress is the founder of the wild
Central Kitchen andr is a Spanish born
Chef who moved to the US years ago to
work in restaurants in New York City and
Washington DC he helped open several
restaurants in the nation's capital and
then created his own restaurants around
the country while working in the US
capital Andress volunteered at DC
Central Kitchen which repurposes food in
the city to provide for those in need
the stint at DC Central Kitchen sparked
his interest in philanthropy and he
founded wild Central Kitchen in
2010 its first mission was delivering
food to Haiti which proved to be a
decisive turning point it then responded
to the
need for food after hurricanes in
Houston and Puerto Rico and wildfires in
the Western United States and Australia
Its workers cooked for refugees leaving
in tents in the US Mexico border and
fleeing the war in Ukraine however the
nonprofit has also faced criticism two
Bloomberg investigations last year
contained allegations
address directed staff and contractors
into unsafe situations the
investigations also stated the
organization lacked sufficient safety
governance and even accounting protocols
the charity responded to Bloomberg that
it had made leadership team changes and
set up new
safeguards for all the latest news
download the we on app And subscribe to
our YouTube channel