constant bombardment Mass displacement
and a looming humanitarian disaster are
Palestinians facing another catastrophe
the residents of palestine's Gaza
certainly think so so I'm 22 years old
yesterday I understood the completely
the Israeli military has issued an
evacuation order giving 1.1 million
civilians of Northern Gaza 24 hours to
flee to the South before the order
423,000 residents of besieged Gaza had
already fled their homes according to
the UN this order has deep residents in
the Palestinian Enclave where more than
half of residents are the descendants of
refugees following the nakba or
catastrophe in 1948 when Zionist
paramilitary groups violently expelled
nearly 800,000 Palestinians from their
homes Gaza has been under an air sea and
land blockade for the last 16 years the
conditions in The besieged Enclave of
2.3 million people have only
deteriorated since Israel's recent
Onslaught began on October 7th the
Israeli Air Force says it has dropped
around 6,000 bombs on Gaza since
Saturday's attack by Hamas so far
Israel's strikes have killed at least
1,350 people many of them women and
children compounding Palestinian fears
of a second nakba is a prospective
opening of a humanitarian corridor from
Gaza into Egypt they are concerned that
opening the Rafa border crossing will
pave the way for yet more displacement
of Palestinians from their lands the
Rafa Crossing from Gaza into Egypt is
the only Crossing not controlled by
Israel but it has been closed due to
Israel's air strikes in the past few
days amid reports of an impending
Israeli ground troop operation
Palestinians are stuck between a rock
and a hard place facing the fear of once
again being ethnically cleansed from
their land if the Rafa Crossing opens or
of being trapped and killed in the
blockaded bombarded Enclave if it
doesn't