as the war in Gaza continues and Israel
insists it is pursuing the Hamas
militant group the world is asking what
will happen once this fight is over and
Hamas is eliminated who will be next to
take charge and govern the area now the
latest to react on the day after this
scenario is the Palestinian president
mmud abas the PA leader stated that the
Palestinian Authority could play a role
in administ ing the Gaza Strip on
condition that there was a full
political solution that also encompassed
the occupied West Bank he said and I
quote Gaza is an integral part of the
state of Palestine and we will assume
our full responsibilities within the
framework of a comprehensive political
solution encompassing both the West Bank
including East Jerusalem and
Gaza prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
has publicly stated that Israel intends
to retain security control of Gaza
Netanyahu said that the IDF will remain
in control of security in the Gaza Strip
after the war ends and will not rely on
International forces to oversee security
along the border Netanyahu made the
comments in a meeting with the majors of
the Gaza border Towns at the IDF
headquarters in Tel Aviv now last week
tur's president recept
Eran to had a say he said that Gaza must
be a part of an independent Sovereign
Palestinian State once the Israel Hamas
War is Over he added that ankora will
not support any plans gradually erasing
Palestinians from history Israel's Ali
Nations the us too has maintained its
position regarding gaza's future after
G7 foreign ministerial meetings held in
Japan this year the US Secretary of
State Anthony blinkin called on Israel
not to reoccupy Gaza once its war with
Hamas
ends