one year ago the world's attention was
focused on Gaza the Palestinian
territory saw the deadliest longest and
most destructive Israeli offensive of
the three wars it is witnessed in the
last seven years in 50 days of war
between Israel and Palestinian militants
more than two thousand palestinians were
killed among them 500 children despite a
ceasefire that has largely held there
has been little reason for residents
here to believe their suffering will
soon end the loyola that's what miss
Larson it's changed for the worse not
for the better it was better before when
the world paid attention to the people
here and provided aid but after the war
it all stopped as if nothing at all had
happened hello we give well I don't know
well I thought little self behind
everything before the war two thirds of
the Gaza population depended on food
assistance and more than forty percent
more unemployed little has changed since
a nine-year-old Israeli blockade has
slowed reconstruction strangled exports
and created legions of unemployed but
I'm the bird I'm doing this job against
my will because there's no work here
only this there's no alternative I
collect stones around five carts and
then I sell each one for ten israeli
shekels a recent poll showed that one
into Gazans want to lead the territory
with both Egypt and Israel tightening
the land borders they control dozens
have drowned attempting to illegally
immigrate to Europe via the
Mediterranean I think what's different
after this last conflict then even after
the previous two was a much higher sense
of hopelessness that that that there
really was not a feeling that the
conditions were going to improve
more desire to leave you know the
feeling that their children's lives were
we're not going to be better than their
own the last UN schools which hosted the
displaced have now closed pushing more
people into the street and conflict
between Hamas and the Palestinian
Authority has complicated the task of
setting Gaza on the road to recovery
it's a situation that serves the
interests of local jihadist groups who
reject the ceasefire with Israel they
and not Hamas have claimed credit for
the recent rocket fire into Israel