what can be seen as a potential snap to
the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu the U.S President Joe Biden
will meet the Israeli Prime Minister in
New York instead of the White House
later this month the meeting comes after
nine months and amid the U.S
government's repeated disapproval of
netanyahu's many statements and policies
especially the government's judicial
overhaul plan our correspondent Jody
Cohen has more
prime minister Netanyahu is to travel to
New York next week to address the UN
General Assembly
there's an added plus this time an
invitation to meet President Biden
although the date hasn't yet been made
public
it's also not the White House meet he
had been hoping for as in the past
the two leaders who have known each
other for decades will meet on the unga
sidelines
that's why the delay Israel and the us
as strong allies and Israeli Prime
Ministers usually visits the white house
within the first months of taking office
the Biden Administration is said to be
concerned about the influence of ultra
nationalist parties in netanyahu's
Coalition as they disagree on policy
issues such as settlement expansion in
the West Bank as well as the coalition's
plan to rebalance the government and
Judiciary which has prompted months of
protests in Israel
in July Biden did finally invite
Netanyahu to a meeting but not before
President Herzog who was granted an oval
office meeting
now that is said to be a follow-up
meeting that's going to be scheduled
later on in the year although a U.S a
senior U.S official has suggested that
this will depend on what happens with
the judicial reform now we do know that
in the meeting between Biden and
Netanyahu they are expected to discuss
the issue of judicial reform they're
also expected to discuss the
Palestinians and also the new India
middle east Europe Corridor that was
announced at the G20 as well as the
potential for Israel Saudi normalization
this is Jody Cohen for we on world as
one
[Music]