[Applause]
this is a national crisis every bit as
much as the attacks on the 7th of
October were a national
tragedy 229 people have been held in
Gaza for 3 weeks and with no word of
whether they're still alive they are
young and old soldiers and civilians
Israelis and foreigners and many here
hold all of Gaza responsible for their
absence release the hostages why are you
holding them you want humanitarian Aid
you want water to Gaza you want
electricity releas them that's it simple
tomorrow you'll get everything back
electricity everything in full sight of
Israel's Ministry of Defense whose
responsibility it is to get the hostages
back safely a permanent vigil is held on
a Plaza in Tel Aviv for every face on
every poster there is a family left
wondering and worrying when or if they
will see each other again life in the
last 3 weeks for you must have been very
difficult indeed I imagine no
life no sleeping no drinking no eating
nothing there is no life despite Rumors
in recent days of a possible
breakthrough negotiations to release
some of the hostages there are now
reports that Israel thinks Hamas are
stringing them along Israel is a country
that Prides itself on never leaving one
of its own behind and so even as the
military campaign in Gaza steps up in
intensity day by day now the fate and
the worldbe of the hostages still being
kept there weighs heavily on the minds
of the government the military and the
Israeli people just rescuing the
hostages would be a challenge enough in
itself doing so whilst at the same time
trying to eliminate Hamas will be
something much greater and much harder
than anything Israel has ever tried to
do before alist bule Sky News in Tel
Aviv