first to be released were 10 Tha
Nationals and one Filipino all were also
kidnapped by Hamas from Israeli farming
communities near Gaza on October the 7th
it's a separate deal negotiated by
katar soon afterwards 13 Israelis women
and children were handed over to the Red
Cross and then driven into Egypt at the
Rafa
Crossing all 24 hostages went through
medical checks and were then handed over
to Israeli security fish
these Israelis are the first of 50 to be
released in the 4-day truce later Friday
they were flown back to Israel for
further treatment and to be reunited
with their
families 39 Palestinian prisoners were
released from an Israeli prison in the
occupied West Bank 24 women and 15
teenagers the first of a total of 150
Palestinian prisoners to be released in
the same
truce the 4-day truce started at 7:00
a.m. local time time the guns fell
silent and soon Israeli tanks and
armored vehicles started repositioning
in Northern Gaza further south curious
Palestinians waited for Israeli troops
to move away before heading north again
to see what's happened to the homes they
were forced to
leave parts of the Gaza Strip are still
divided I want to see my home many
people came without clothes without
money and without many basic things so
we want to go get them and so the
situation is very
difficult the Israelis dropped leaflets
in can Yunis saying it is safe to move
but warning people not to head back to
Northern Gaza the Israeli military
stressed the conflict has not ended
Israel's foreign minister said the same
we will continue after the pause for the
safety of Israel and we call to the
entire world to work with us to free
Gaza from Hamas with the truce came a
significant increase in Aid including
fuel entering through the rougher
Crossing all day long trucks could be
seen driving in from the Egyptian side
gaza's hospitals are in desperate need
of supplies for this reason alone many
in Gaza will hope this 4-day pause will
turn into something more permanent Simon
McGregor would trt world