the Israeli military raided gaza's alapa
Hospital early Wednesday morning which
it deems as a Hamas Command Center
thousands of Palestinians are believed
to be Sheltering in the medical complex
or chin Jang
reports Israeli forces have stormed
gaza's largest medical facility the DAR
alifa Hospital on Wednesday morning
Israel Defense Forces spokesperson
Danielle hagari said the same day that
the military was carrying out targeted
operation inside alifa based on
intelligence information and an
operational necessity IDF forces are
carrying out a precise and targeted
operation against Hamas in a specified
area in the shifa hospital the IDF is
conducting a ground operation in Gaza to
defeat Hamas and rescue our
hostages the spokesperson added that the
military encountered explosives and
eliminated terrorists before entering
the hospital Palestinian officials
reported seeing dozens of soldiers and
tanks inside the complex according to
the director of hospitals in Gaza the
forces entered areas of the building
including the emergency and surgery
departments the director general of the
Gaza Health Ministry also said there
were big explosions which were believed
to have occurred inside the hospital
sources say an estimated 650 patients
remain in the facility with thousands
sheltered in the medical complex a Hamas
media officer criticized The
Raid Netanyahu and his defeated Army's
attempt to portray the incursion of
their tanks to sha hospital as if it
were some kind of achievement is
political immaturity and an exposed
theatrical move which won't work on
anyone and will not be believed by
anyone Israel's attacks on alifa started
hours after the White House backed
Israel's allegations that Hamas is using
gaza's largest medical facility as a
command center and a storage Depot for
weapons h denied the claims due to the
ongoing War the hospital is out of fuel
and patients are no longer being fed the
IDF military said that it had delivered
medical equipment incubators and baby
food to alifa hospital and is making
sure that the medical equipment reaches
those who need it TR adang news