so on Saturday thousands of people
protested outside Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin nyah's residence in Jerusalem
and they were calling for him to resign
Netanyahu has yet to take responsibility
for the attacks on October 7th when
Hamas infiltrated Southern Israel
killing more than 1,400 people and
taking 240 hostages Netanyahu says that
he and other members of government will
answer questions but they will do so
after the war on Saturday protesters uh
demanded for him to Ste down they also
had a moment of silence for the victims
as well as the hostages the Israelis
that I have spoken to have called
Netanyahu in their words a disaster they
say that they want him out they want him
out as soon as possible even if that
means doing so during the war they say
that they don't trust him and that he is
only in this for his own political
gain uh the Netanyahu for his part has
said that he is going to do everything
possible to both obliterate Hamas and
bring the hostages home Hamas has said
though that during Israel's off
defensive into Gaza they are putting
these hostages at risk Hamas has said
that 60 of the hostages have so far been
killed the Associated Press cannot
independently verify that number in
addition to the protests in Jerusalem on
Saturday families of the hostages in Tel
Aviv also held a rally they held up
signs of their loved ones saying that
they wanted them back as soon as
possible since the beginning of the war
public perception in terms of what to do
with the hostages has shifted at the
very beginning there was this feeling
that Israel's Army should out must and
obliterate them at any cost now that has
changed where people are saying to the
government that they need to prioritize
the fate of these
hostages