everyone again I'm still at the Bari
Hospital in ashalon I'm here with Dr
Nick Wolfson who story to tell us Dr
wolson um the question I believe is what
you're doing here tell me what you're
doing here and how you got here well I
I'm actually from San Francisco
California and the moment I've heard
about the big strategy which took place
here I took uh a plane I was very
fortunate to find a ticket to find a
place to fly here with a from Los
Angeles to to T Aviv and came to be
among my brothers and sisters so you're
a volunteer here you left a pay you left
a paying job in San Francisco to valun
here very interesting how long do you
plan on staying well it's a good
question it's uh it's an open question
because things are evolving here and
it's not going to be easy to leave uh
it's very difficult to leave my patients
in San Francisco but it's also very
difficult to leave my friends my my very
dear friends here under the
circumstances in the situation in the
trategy which is not over yet so I don't
know so tell me as a doctor you see of
course uh terrible conditions all the
time how do you compare what you've see
what you see normally in San Francisco
to what you've seen here medically
speaking yeah sorry I interrupted you
it's a day and night it's a totally
different strategy different uh
different uh type of uh injuries I'm an
orthopedic surgeon and uh the the the
damage the the trategy the disasters is
not comparable it's it's not only
physical damage it's damage on the scale
of humanity and and uh so uh you know
it's different different thing it's it's
not even usual uh battle wounds you're
saying no it's not I have some military
background that this is This Is War This
Is War as it's Wars uh War which is war
against uh women and children it's it's
different different uh different world
different different
life I wish uh we we see you here on on
happier days as
[Music]
well
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]