hi everyone I wanted to take a moment
and say thank you to everyone for their
messages for their prayers for their
wishes I'm back I'm home I'm safe I'm
fine but just 2 days back I woke up in a
hotel room in telie with bomb sounds
around me and Sirens blaring and we were
taken down to a basement and shelter
areas
and
situation with with no sounds and
feeling safe and feeling
fine I'm protected safe so I want to
take this moment and say thank you to
the government of India say thank you to
the Indian Embassy say thank you to the
Israel Embassy for guiding us for
advising us and and making it possible
for me to come back home to my country
safe and sound I also want to take a
moment and extend my prayers and wishes
to the people still stuck in the war
um and I really hope for
peace very
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
soon
[Music]
hi everyone I wanted to take a moment
and say thank you to everyone for their
messages for their prayers for their
wishes I'm back I'm home I'm safe I'm
fine but just 2 days back I woke up in a
hotel room in telie with bomb sounds
around me and Sirens blaring and we we
were taken down to a basement and
shelter areas
and
sit
but with no sounds and feeling safe and
feeling
fine so I want to take this moment and
say thank you to the government of India
say thank you to the Indian Embassy say
thank you to the Israel Embassy for
guiding us for advicing us and and
making it possible for me to come back
home to my country safe and sound I also
want to take a moment and extend my
prayers and wishes to the people still
stuck in the war um and I really hope
for
peace very
[Music]
soon
[Music]
[Music]
from breaking news detailed analysis
in-depth interviews and explainers
follow the times of India subscribe to
YouTube channel don't forget to like our
videos and hit the Bell icon to stay
updated with the latest