a meeting at the White House that marks
a dramatic development in the search for
Middle East peace there have always been
doubts about whether Prime Minister
Netanyahu really believes in a two-state
solution
now appending the long-standing policy
of the United States President Trump
says he's not wedded to it either so I'm
looking at two state and one state and I
like the one that both parties like I'm
very happy with the one that both
parties like I can live with either one
those comments fundamentally change US
policy and are at odds with UN Security
Council resolutions and the agreed
position of the entire international
community the Israeli prime minister
clearly would not want a one-state
solution where Israelis would soon be
outnumbered by Palestinians he made his
vision clear in any peace agreement
Israel must retain the overriding
security control over the entire area
west of the Jordan River because if we
don't we know what will happen on
settlement building which is continued
with some speed in the three weeks since
Trump became president there was
pushback to the Israeli leader I'd like
to see you hold back on settlements for
a little bit we'll work something out
but I would like to see a deal be made I
think a deal will be made the
relationship between the two men could
not be closer
they were stressing family ties the man
it seems Trump has put in charge of
finding peace between Israelis and
Palestinians his own son-in-law Jared
Kushner certainly has good relations
with one of the parties in the conflict
can I reveal Jared how long we've known
you Wow it was never small he was always
big was always tall but I I've known the
president and I've known his family and
his team for a long time
president Trump has effectively torn up
the international community's two-state
plan often known as the roadmap it means
we're in uncharted territory no one
knows where he's going
US allies are worried they say any
alternative to two states
Israel living side-by-side with
Palestine is not a good option and could
set back the path towards peace James
BAE's al Jazeera Washington