now I am calling to Regional Powers who
claim to be the Defenders of Gaza like
turkey my own country Tura like Egypt
like Saudi Arabia like other Muslim
nations not only Muslim nations South
Africa is the human Nation not Muslim
not Christian we have to show that this
is not an issue of between Muslims and
Jews or Christians or others so all the
people they have to form a coalition of
willings
us formed a coalition of willing against
Iraq although there was no enough
evidence for the existence of
uh weapons chemical weapons there now
these states must come together to form
a coalition of willing for airdropping
not to make fight not to make war
airdropping of necess of uh food I I
wish to say air bridge but since there
is no airport in Gaza air dropping like
what was done in 1948 this Berlin
blockade so there should be airdropping
and there should be a clear message to
Israel if you prevent this airdropping
be declare this as a war against us do
this and there should be no fly a ban of
uh fly no no fly zone over Gaza for a
period of time and those countries
joining to this I of willing must s
helicopters not American Navy in front
of Gaza not British Navy in front of
Gaza but human Navy to blockate to and
the blockate and to drop necessary needs
of gazan
people they are dying of because of
hunger uh children woman elderly people
pregnant people woman so this is my
urgent call to All Nations who have been
using Palestine as their national uh
propaganda they must come together and
they must make a clear declaration that
now we are starting airdropping
human uh humanitarian operation in Gaza
not to fight against Israel just to help
Gaza and
we send a message to Israel if they
prevent this that will be declaration of
war by Israel not by us such a coalition
of willing is the only way to give a
strong message to the world