prime minister Benjamin netanyahu's
decision to Halt the contentious
judicial reform plans has had little
impact on the process in Israel on
Saturday nights protesters were back on
the streets demanding revocation or the
laws altogether this is the 13th
straight week of protests in Tel Aviv
thousands of protesters took to the
streets and briefly occupied a nearby
Highway as well Security Forces used
water cannons to disperse the protesters
scenes of scaffold were also witnessed
as some of the protesters were detained
placards condemning the hard right
ruling Coalition were also seen carrying
national flags protesters marched to the
speeds raised slogans and Lita bonfire
[Music]
the protesters say that postponing the
reforms is not enough they want the
judicial reforms to be completely
withdrawn
[Music]
this is a very critical moment in Israel
right now because it can
I I hope if we're gonna stay democracy
and even hopefully make our democracy
stronger and better and more liberal
uh but there is a chance it's gonna go
the other way around around what
Netanyahu and his government wants to
control the courts and basically to take
Israel to very dark place where the
government controls not only the knesset
like they do today but also the courts
have been going on since January but the
reforms are proposed these reforms seeks
to cartel the powers of the Supreme
Court this includes giving powers to
government to appoint charges and
override its decisions some of the
legislations have already been passed
Netanyahu halted the rest of the process
citing threats to security amid the
festive season but despite these
protesters remain undeterred on the
streets
[Music]
Leon is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move
[Music]