tensions are brewing between lebanon and
israel lebanon has taken issue with a
new platform arriving at israel's
offshore natural gas rig at karish in
the mediterranean sea while israel
insists that the facility is not in
disputed waters but in israeli
territorial waters
our correspondent jory kohen getting you
all the details
lebanon and israel do not share
diplomatic relations
the two countries last fought a war in
2006
and a u.n patrol separates their shared
land border
there is also a maritime border dispute
and the countries have been in u.s
broker talks over the last almost two
years to try to resolve it
on sunday a ship operated by london
listed energy and plc arrived in the
karish gas field the rig is expected to
become operational over the next few
months
lebanon's president michelle allen
reacted by saying that this represents a
provocation and a hostile act
however israel's foreign defense and
energy ministers issued a joint
statement on wednesday insisting that
the new rig will not pump from a
disputed area with lebanon israel has
called for talks to resolve the issue
iran back's lebanon-based hezbollah has
issued warnings saying that it's
prepared to use force against israel if
lebanon's maritime borders are found to
have been breached
israel which has affirmed its right to
defend its strategic infrastructure
including the new rig has said it is
willing to do so and is reportedly
preparing for a hezbollah attack on the
rig
[Music]
tensions are clearly increasing and
according to unconfirmed reports u.s
energy diplomat amos hochstein could be
expected in lebanon as early as next
week to try to resolve the issue lebanon
says the rig is in a disputed area while
israel insists the rig is located within
its un recognized exclusive economic
zone several kilometers south of the
area over which negotiations are being
conducted israel is seeking to resume
talks adding that locating gas-based
energy sources would help both countries
this is jody cohen for we on world is
one
we are now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move