the Red Sea has become the new
Battleground in the Israel Hamas war
with Yemen's houti Rebels attacking
cargo vessels on route to Israel through
the southern Red Sea now since the war
broke out in West Asia Maritime attacks
in the Red Sea have increased the map
here on your screen shows the total
number of attacks carried out between
November and December this has become
the most significant challenge in the
globe's busiest shipping routs now
attentions rising in the region Reports
say that India has deployed two Naval
destroyers in the Gulf of Aiden this
comes after the US set up a
multinational task force on Tuesday to
protect the ships targeted by the
houthis now with the latest threats from
the hoodi rebels 12 shipping companies
have either suspended their trade route
through the Red Sea or diverted their
vessels away from the SE canal and the
Red Sea the vessels will now have to
sail via the Cape of Good Hope located
at the far south end of Africa where the
Atlantic Ocean and the Indian oceans
meet now there has been a rise in
Maritime attacks in the Red Sea by houti
rebels let me now tell you who these
Rebels are the houis fought a civil war
against Yemen's government that is
backed by Saudi Arabia for nearly a
decade the houti movement emerged in the
1990s when its leader Hussein al- huti
launched a movement called believing
youth
it is a religious revival movement for
zismo subsect of Shia Islam the closest
followers of Hussein Al huti became to
be known as
huis the huis are backed by Iran which
began increasing its Aid to the group in
2014 as the Civil War escalated and as
its rivalry with Saudi Arabia
intensified according to reports Iran
has provided the group with weapons and
Technology like sea mines ballistic and
cruise missiles and drones the huis also
form a part of Iran's axis of
resistance what is Iran's axis of
resistance well it is an Iran Le
anti-israel anti-western Alliance backed
by the Islamic
Republic along with Hamas in Gaza and
hola and Lebanon the houis are one of
three prominent members of The Alliance
that have launched attacks on Israel in
recent
weeks