[Music]
rumors had spread that salahuddin street
would be the center of saturday's
protests in East Jerusalem
it barely started before riot police
moved in to remove Palestinian flags and
minutes later Mounted Police charged and
turned a busy shopping street into a
battleground
sound bombs were used to frighten
protesters as people became angrier the
police started arresting some of them
reinforcements arrived and four mounted
policemen charged demonstrators and
journalists alike on pavements and down
the street this is our voice this is our
voice for the word that we are here
Palestinian we are not accepting these
decisions and we were not willing to
accept a unilateral decision from Israel
or occupation its occupation for our
rights for our land for our capital
there there is no future for any peace
here in thus in the area 13 people were
injured in the protest which turned into
a game of cat-and-mouse in between bouts
of police charging and the protesters
demanding to have their voices heard
condemning the US presidents decision to
move the American Embassy from Tel Aviv
to Jerusalem the
decision and of course at Jerusalem eyed
Jerusalem the Palestinians are also
against
after a few hours of clashes eventually
at least 11 of the protesters were taken
away and according to a police spokesman
may face charges of taking part in an
illegal demonstration or of attacking
the police after a few hours of
demonstrators and the police clashing
here in East Jerusalem things are
quieting out but still tents
Palestinians say they have a right to
protest and they will continue to do so
despite how the police reacted to them
as they regrouped more arrests followed
meanwhile in quietest side streets other
Palestinians carried on with their usual
Saturday routine gradually the protests
run out of steam especially as police
tactics focused on disrupting any
dissent to push demonstrators away
yellow activist trt world East Jerusalem
[Music]