it is in Egypt where convoys of trucks
stand idle ready to transport aid but
the area near the border crossing at
Rafa was bombed last week by Israeli
planes prompting Egypt to close the
crossing Egypt blames Israel for not
reopening it there is pressure on
Egypt's President Abdul Fat Al CEI to
send in Aid and to let foreign Nationals
out of Gaza and that's why I prioritize
speaking with President CeCe of Egypt
early on last week uh to talk about that
and we will continue to do everything we
can to alleviate the human Arian
situation on the ground Egypt said um
we're not going to let uh foreign
Nationals out if you if if we can't let
Aid
in Egypt's economy is in Dire Straits
and president alisi has made it clear
Egypt is not prepared to take in what
could total hundreds of thousands of
Palestinians Egypt is reluctant to open
the gate to a mass influx of
Palestinians Egypt and Israel the two
countries that border Gaza want to
contain the humanitarian crisis in
different ways Egypt does not want
things to get worse it wants to
facilitate humanitarian Aid into Gaza
and while it will accept some
Palestinians it does not want a flood of
refugees into Egypt's Sinai Peninsula
Israel wants to block weapons from being
smuggled to Hamas in Gaza but at the
same time is forcing about 1 million
Palestinians to move from northern to
Southern Gaza which increases pressure
to open the Gaza border into Egypt for
more Palestinians many Palestinians
believe Israel's greater goal is to for
forc them out of Gaza into Egypt it's in
a way uh another nakba catastrophe where
people are being forcibly ethnically
cleansed from uh the territory and on
another hand they don't even know where
to go because there's nowhere that is
safe Egypt will be Central to any
negotiation if Israel and Hamas can be
persuaded to agree to a ceasefire the
Egyptian government has excellent
relations with Israel but it also has a
population that is
overwhelmingly uh uh
supportive of the Palestinians so there
is a very very delicate tight rope walk
here but a ceasefire is not imminent and
Egypt's worst fear is that the
humanitarian crisis will get so bad
Egypt will be inundated with refugees
from Gaza Eric senson Global News