Israel has stormed gaza's largest
hospital the alifa hospital where
fighting has concentrated on in recent
days and that is because the United
States as well as Israel said that Hamas
uses the hospital as a command and
Control Center and that it is using the
vast network of tunnels underneath it to
detain some of the hostages that Hamas
abducted when it attacked Israel on
October 7th Israel said that when it
went into the hospital it took Arabic
speakers as well as medics in order to
help the hospital has had no fuel for
days doctors say that as a result at
least 40 people have died including
several premature babies there are about
36 other babies whose lives are hanging
in the balance because there is not
enough electricity thousands of people
have fled the hospital but there are
still hundreds of critically wounded
people still inside the hospital doctors
say they're running out of supplies
they're often performing surgeries
including UT ations without anesthesia
now the details of this rid are still
unclear Israel said it found weapons in
bags however there has been no
indication so far that it found evidence
that this was a Hamas command and
control center Hamas denies that it uses
the hospital for its operations now
Israel has told people to move from the
north where this fighting is
concentrated to the south of Gaza but
there are already indications that it is
going to expand its operations to the
south of Gaza and it is unclear where
hundreds of thousands of people are
supposed to go already the conditions in
southern Gaza are dire people are living
in cramped spaces hundreds of people are
sharing one bathroom or one shower and
now that the winter is coming people who
houses were destroyed and air strikes
are sleeping in tents on the muddy
ground they say they're getting sick and
there is concern that as the fighting
continues the situation is only going to
get
worse