[Applause]
this was the seventh major Pro Palestine
March through London many had
demonstrated before but one new
protester little Amal a giant puppet of
a young Syrian refugee in Arabic Amal
means hope she represents all displaced
children again March is called for an
immediate ceasefire in Gaza people
coming out every weekend saying basic
thing just sees fire many celebrated
this week's charge of genocide brought
by South Africa against Israel at the
international court of justice I don't
think that would have happened without
all the awareness that has been going on
through these demonstrations so I think
it's very important Israel does need to
be able to defend itself no question
about that but there's also no question
about the length to which the Israeli
Army is going Israel insists the
genocide charges false and grossly
distorted it's fighting Hamas it says
not the Palestinian people the UK's
bombing of the hooti rebels in Yemen for
their attacks on Red Sea ships was
condemned by some protesters our
government is choosing to uh value
shipping containers over uh civilian
lives is uh incredibly emblematic of uh
uh what are government values 1,700
police officers the met with support
from many other UK forces shadowed the
Marchers there were arrests for alleged
support of a banned organization and
carrying offensive banners but there was
no significant
disorder the officer in charge said
other suspects could be arrested later
sometimes what we will end up doing is
dealing with investigations after the
event when people have taken pictures of
something that might be anti-semitic or
um be inciting a hate crime and then
we'll investigate it retrospectively the
organizers say these marches are going
to continue so whatever the drain on
your resources you're going to have to
live with them and we will do the very
best we can with the resources we have
this is a cost to communities in the
officers that um would ordinarily be
working in local communities will be in
central London dealing with these major
marches the London March was part of a
global day of pro palestin action
involving 30 countries Martin brunt Sky
News