the Israeli military on Sunday conducted
its 10,000th air strike since the armed
conflict began on October 7th it says
it's now expanded the ground uh
operations against hamamasu every part
of Gaza e has the
latest after 3 days of heavy air strikes
and ground defensives the Israeli
military is now pushing its way into
Southern Gaza speaking to soldiers on
Sunday the chief of the Israel Defense
Forces Lieutenant General hery halevi
said the Israeli military fought
strongly and thoroughly in the northern
Gaza Strip and is now doing the same in
southern Gaza the Israeli military on
Sunday issued evacuation orders for
several districts of con Yunis urging
people to leave immediately Israel
believes that members of the Hamas
leadership are hiding in the city where
many civilians have been fleeing to and
finding shelters since the early stage
of the armed conflict meanwhile the IDF
said Sunday that its troops have found
more than 800 tunnel shafts in the Gaza
Strip since the beginning of the ground
defensive in October it added that
around 500 of them have already been
destroyed either by setting off large
explosives inside or by sealing them the
military went on to say that many of the
shafts were located in civilian areas
near or inside educational institutions
kindergartens mosques and playgrounds
the Israeli military also launched its
10,000th air strike since October 7 on
Sunday with bombardment intensifying
even more over the weekend after Israel
and Hamas failed to reach a deal that
would have released more hostages Israel
says more than 400 Targets in Northern
Gaza have been struck since Friday with
gaza's health Ministry stating that at
least 700 people have been killed in the
renewed bombings marking one of the
highest daily death tolls recorded since
the conflict began as of Sunday gaza's
Health Ministry estimates that more than
15,500 Palestinians have been killed
since October many of them women and
children news