I can't believe I have to say this but
Palestinian people are not disposable we
are human beings just like anyone
[Music]
else
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
nothing
[Music]
over 10,000 Palestinians have been
killed majority majority were
children but let me be clear my
criticism has always been of the Israeli
government in netanyahu's actions it is
important to separate people and
governments Mr chair no government is
beyond criticism the idea that that
criticizing the government of Israel is
anti-Semitic since a very dangerous
precedent and it's been used to silence
diverse voices speaking up for human
rights across our nation do you realize
what it's like Mr chair for the people
outside the chamber right now listening
in agony to their own government
dehumanizing them to hear the president
of the United States we helped elect
dispute death tolls as we see video
after video of dead children and parents
under Rubble Mr chair do you know what
it's like to fear Rising crimes to know
how islamophobia and anti-Semitism makes
us all less safe and worry that your own
child might suffer the horrors that six
year-old W did in
Illinois I can't believe I have to say
this but Palestinian people are not
[Music]
disposable
we are human
beings just like anyone else my city my
grandmother like all
Palestinians just wants to live her life
with freedom and human dignity we all
deserve speaking up to save lives Mr
chair no matter Faith No Matter
ethnicity should not be controversial in
this chamber the cries of the
Palestinian and CH Palestinian Israeli
Children sound no different to me why
what I don't understand is why the cries
of Palestinians sound different to you
[Music]
[Music]
all
[Music]
on this vote the yays are
234 and the Nays are 188 with four
answering present the resolution is
adopted
if you like this video then like share
and subscribe to mirror
now