and Iran's supreme leader aah Ali Kai
has said that Iran is not involved in
any way for the violence that is broken
out between Israel and Palestine
especially in the Gaza Strip and this
comes after many of these Western
analysts predicted that Iran may have
been involved in the attack despite the
fact it was abundantly clear as daylight
that the Israeli intelligence agencies
were caught completely off guard even
though they' been warned by the Egyptian
intelligence agencies at least about 10
days ago that Hamas may be planning
something pretty big now Iran has
rubbished these allegations by these
Western analysts saying that it may in
some ways have been involved in the
planning of the attack by the Hamas
Fighters
regim supporters of the regime of Israel
and some people within the usurers
regime itself have made false statements
in the past few days and continue to do
so including that the Islamic Iran is
coming behind this movement they are
wrong of course we defend Palestine we
defend the struggle we kiss the hands of
those intelligent and brave Palestinian
youths who plan the attack on the
Zionist regime we are proud of
them all right so that was the
unequivocal statement by the Supreme
Leader of Iran now Israel has long
accused the Iranian leadership of
stoking Violence by supplying arms to
Hamas now Iran has not recognized the
state of Israel as a legitimate State
Iran has also backed the hisbah in 2006
Israel remember had fought a brutal
monthlong War where it had carried out
extensive bombing across Lebanon now the
American Top General has also warned
Iran of not getting involved it getting
itself involved in the Israel Hamas
conflict earlier the United States had
said that Iran may have been complicit
at some level in hamas's assault in
Israel however further quickly added
that it does not that is the Americans
simply do not have any intelligence to
support the claim by many Western
analysts that Iran in some way may been
involved in the planning of this attack
by
Hamas vior is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the move