terrorist attacked Israel and images
like burnt houses behind me hundreds of
people taken hostage 1300 plus killed
3,000 plus injured as soon as this
information went viral globally Jews
across the world returned home to fight
for their Homeland and lacks and lacks
of them have joined as reserves 3.5 lakh
soldiers have been deployed in the past
12 days and this is the fastest
mobilization by the Israeli Army one
such Soldier returned from Boston a
professor there a scholar soldier of
Indian origin an Indian Jew Captain
Daniel is someone I caught up with he
was teaching at Boston he left his job
he's come here to fight for his homeland
for his country I caught up with him a
short while back let's listen
in so are you you're a
journalist from Channel 12 can you tell
me what happened at at this particular
location for the benefit of our
viewers heard
from from the people who were here 100
people as we stand one out of four are
in Gaza or are killed or are missing
so so but we wanted to we wanted to know
if how how do you explain the whole
picture let me also uh bring in Colonel
Richard colel Richard uh heads the the
public
diplomacy International spokesperson
here uh Colonel what can you tell us
about this particular location what
exactly happened you're you're in a
picturesque beautiful kibuts called NE o
which was attacked on Saturday morning
uh a day of
holiday our our mission right now is to
show the world what happened in these
communities on the 7th of October
families were sleeping they after uh
celebrating with their grandchildren a
love of grandmothers here and people
were slaughtered kidnapped killed raped
and we have to have the world to see
this we have to have India to see it we
have to have the bricks to see it we
have to have everyone see what happened
here does the tra of Hamas Terror remain
even now in in this part of Southern
Israel we will make sure that this
threat never returns to the state of
Israel we will make sure that this never
happens