so Rob your cousin is missing since
Saturday since the attack by Hamas in
southern Israel what is your family
going through right now I can't imagine
I think it's a a mixture between trauma
and and shock uh I was with my cousin
who's uh the mother of my missing cousin
um yesterday and she is just in bits
trying to do whatever she can to help
which is why we're reaching out to me to
see what we can need to help uh and just
total you trauma endless crime hardly
being able to catch breath because we
just don't know where he is and uh the
pain of the not knowing is very
difficult to handle have you had any
news whatsoever of what happened uh a
little bit um unfortunately D shafir
who's my cousin was uh in the south at a
music festival with his girlfriend over
Friday night Saturday we had news last
night that his girlfriend was found
murdered by Hamas in the fields in the
south of the country we don't know any
news on the door yet um I think the
obvious possibilities are either
cleaning to the hope that he's in hiding
uh and can be found but it's been since
Thurday morning now um nearly 3 days in
uh in hiding if not even possible uh all
the attentive is that he's suff of the
same fate as his girlfriend or that
Hamas have taken him like they've taken
over 100 civilians into Gaza um
as and what message do you want to share
with everyone you said that you wanted
to speak to the media to try and um get
your message across what is that message
that you want people to know I think
it's very simple it's a certain pressure
from governments outside of Israel uh on
Kamas this is not a a normal situation
where um you're negotiating with uh
normal people um and the pressure needs
to come from outside of Israel there's
very little but um the Israeli
government can really do to get back
hostages that are being held in Gaza U
my cousin D we have both British and
Irish connection so we being In Touch
Faith with uh the British authorities
and uh the Irish authorities in in
requesting that pressure has put on
Hamas to release those hes I hope door
is found safe and team thank
you