families of some of the hostages freed
by Hamas are celebrating the return of
their loved ones but they're also
pleading for the release of many more
still being held in Gaza and they tell
CBS 2's chrisy kishan it's becoming more
and more difficult to celebrate
Hanukkah yir Moses recently found this
picture of his dad lighting the fourth
Candle on the manura on this fourth
night of Hanukkah it's no celebration
without him for us it's it's like we
cannot do it with without him now so
fourth candle I'm not like the night
this night his dad 79-year-old Gotti
Moses was kidnapped on October 7th and
still hasn't been released Moses's mom
Margalit Moses was kidnapped on the same
day but returned home on November 24th
when Israeli hostages were released
prioritizing women and children here
she's speaking in Hebrew in a video from
organization hostages and missing
families
forum
we are strong we are here we are waiting
for him Allah is in the same situation
as Moses her dad is still held hostage
after being kidnapped on October 7th and
her mom was released in late November
pleading for her husband's release in
Hebrew in this
video
benami and Moses traveled to the US with
hostages and missing families Forum to
spread awareness about their kidnapped
loved ones they believe it's a matter of
when not if they return I need this
miracle I need it my dad will come
releasing them and bring them home all
the hostages should be number one
priority and not just for the families
or for Israel for the world for Humanity
Cutter's prime minister says as efforts
continue to release all hostages he's
not seeing the same willingness to get
this done as weeks before Christy kesian
cps2 news