Lincoln and the rest of the US
Administration have become increasingly
firm with Israel to try and limit human
casualties civilian casualties inside
the Gaza Strip telling them that they
must restrain themselves more than they
have been uh blink's also been
highlighting the benefits of these
pauses namely to get these captives out
of the strip and also to get more
humanitarian Aid into the strip now we
do know that he met with the Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu also the war
cabinet a little earlier he was briefed
on Israel's potential ongoing or next
stage of the war inside the Gaza Strip
and has just met the Palestinian
president Mahmud abas in rala now
blinkin will certainly be wanting to
take something home that's positive from
this trip especially amid growing
criticism from the International
Community that Washington is complicit
here in Israel's actions but look as
we've heard time and time again from
Israel it is determined to finish what
it started and achieve its goals inside
Gaza which is of course defeating Hamas
and making sure the atrocities of
October 7 never happen again Jamie away
from the uh diplomatic talks there's
been uh an attack in Jerusalem this
morning what more can you tell
us well look I must just put out a
statement a little earlier on its
telegram Channel it said that it takes
responsibility for this attack it's in
response to the occupation crimes of
killing children and women in Gaza now
it happened at around 8:00 local time
this morning CCTV footage captured two
men jumping out of the car they are
reportedly two brothers in their 30s
from East Jerusalem now they opened fire
on these commuters standing there
killing three people wounding around 15
more before they were gunned down shot
dead by two off duty Reserve soldiers
and also an armed passer by now the
shinb security agency it says that these
two men have both been affiliated with
Hamas and they've both served time in
prison for Terror related activities now
on the back of this the Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu he came out he wrote
on X that his govern will continue to
distribute weapons to civilians in light
of that attack really echoing what we
heard half an hour earlier from the
farri right national security minister
itamar Ben gav