[Music]
I know this is of great interest to all
of you um uh I just want to let you know
we're still working this hour by hour I
do not have an update for you on the
hostage uh uh deal that we're trying to
negotiate uh but as you heard the deputy
National Security advisor say yesterday
uh we believe we're closer than we've
ever been so we're hopeful uh but uh but
there's still work to be done um and
nothing is done until it's all done so
uh we're going to keep working on
[Music]
this as far as I am concerned and I
represent myself and my family this is
is incredibly disappointing because I
feel that at this point when we know
that taking down Kamas we keep hearing
from them is going to take months or
years and it's going to take a long time
on the other hand the other objective is
time sensitive people are dying we know
that for sure and as the other goal is
time sensitive and we're talking about
people's lives
then we all feel especially when we're
talking about our families that this
should be the top priority I went in to
just for with one single question to
know if the all of the war cabinets
supports the same stand that gun and
Eisen Co took a couple of days ago when
they've met with us when they said
absolutely clear without hesitation that
bringing out the hostages is the top
priority as far as they're concerned and
now when we've met with the entire
cabinet what we've heard is that taking
down Kamas and bringing the hostages are
as important are equally
important
we came here to remind
[Music]
un do your
job do your job do your
[Music]
job
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
how
[Music]
foreign
[Music]
spee
I'm
[Music]
sor
[Music]