the latest ship to be damaged by houthi
attacks in the Red Sea the biz flagged
UK registered Lebanese operated Ruby Mah
was on route to Bulgaria when it came
under missile fire on Sunday its
security company said the vessel was
taking on water with its owners
considering options for
towage the ship was severely damaged
leading to its complete halt due to the
significant damage suffered by the ship
it is now at risk of sinking in the Gulf
of Aiden we took care during the
operation to ensure the safe evacuation
of the ship's
crew the houthi say their attacks are
designed to achieve a ceasefire in Gaza
they've prompted a us-led international
Naval Mission as well as rounds of
American and British air strikes on
houthi Targets in Yemen earlier this
month a German frig set sail for the Red
Sea in preparation for a separate EU
Naval mission in Brussels on Monday
European foreign ministers formally
approved what they said would be a
defensive
operation it makes it clear that we as
an International Community stand
together in the event of attacks
terrorist attacks on the freedom of the
sea roots 133% of Europe's liquefied
natural gas comes through the Red Sea
kater is already diverting its tankers
away from the route and says the longer
that continues the more pronounced the
consequences it's going to cause add
cost it's going to add um time and it's
also going to add constraint on actual
deliveries with time to deliver the the
same amount of products to the customers
and so far there's no sign of any
slowdown in houy attacks on Monday they
said they'd shot down a US drone and a
US owned cargo ship reported coming
under missile fire requesting military
assistance Harry Fett Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz