now we bring you some more breaking news
this is the fifth special flight under
operation aay carrying evacuated
citizens from the war tone Israel which
is left from Tel Aviv for India earlier
today with this uh what we bring you is
the fifth flight which has left Tel Aviv
till yesterday four flights had already
made touchdown in the national capital
we have already been able to speak to
all those who were stranded in Israel
and they have come back to India from uh
Tel Aviv and they have given us accounts
of the horrific day when uh Hamas had
struck at Israel at Israel's Gaza and uh
what we what we are learning is the fact
that the fifth flight has now left from
Tel Aviv you can see the visuals and yes
they've been very thankful to the Indian
government this is yet another uh
successful operations uh by India during
such a time of crisis when as promised
by the Indian government and the prime
minister of our country no Indian shall
be left stranded in any situation
wherever they need help and for that
very reason the operation aay was
launched by our external Affairs
Ministry and this is the fifth flight
that has taken off from Tel Aviv and as
the operation continues to take place uh
successfully and what we know is that
the operation is slated to take place
till the 18th of October and uh the
decision will be taken post that whether
there is any need to continue the
operation or not but these are the
details that we are receiving for now
regarding the fifth flight that has the
special fifth special flight that has
left from Tel Aviv now uh we have some
more updates coming in within this story
and this is a particular video that we
have accessed which shows stranded
Indians being brought up as a part of
the operation aay thanking the Indian
government for giving us a safe passage
to the Indians living in Israel in such
a difficult time now Indians at the
benguan international airport in Tel
Aviv being evacuated under the Indian
government's operation aay from the wone
Israel take a look at these visuals that
we get
[Music]
you
forch