stop boming Gaza stop bombing Gaza stop
bombing Gaza stop bombing
Gaza we here because it's a very dark
day in our history not simply because
what is happening in Gaza but the fact
that our government the British
government uh is cheering on and aiding
Israel to carry out the massacre our
immediate demand is really for immediate
ceasefire because every minute we waste
hundreds of people are being killed in
real time and we hope that tens of
thousands of people coming out week in
in week out our government will listen
we hope that they have Humanity this is
normalized insanity we know the truth we
know what's been happening to
Palestinians where is the outage is
being wiped out is being cleaned we are
here to show the Palestinians CU they
have no microphones if you really want
to be on the right side of History this
is the time to stand up and amplify the
voice of people who do not have a voice
and pray for Palestine please pray in
every faith that you have free free free
free free
free this didn't start on October 7th it
started a long time before and I want to
fight for their freedom along with all
these people but also I think we can
demand more than a ceasefire I think we
can demand the end of the occupation as
a whole and I think we need to dare to
be very bold we can do more than a
ceasefire collectively we can do more
their aim is to eradicate Indians to
move them right out so they can take all
the land and if you you speak to real
Jews that that's not what they want this
is just Zionism this is fascism major
news channels are just Clearly Now
mouthpieces for a corrupt government
they do not speak for uh the people so
the tide is turning and public opinion
is turning and you were going to see
that Israel will pay the price for this
and I hope we're going to be seeing Nan
yahu in the ha free free from The River
To The
Sea will be free