an increased police presence near some
of Toronto's most prominent Jewish
institutions ahead of a day of global
demonstrations called on by the former
leader of Hamas putting the community on
edge there's no specific threat to the
city of Toronto however our communities
have spoken clearly that they don't feel
safe and we are being responsive to that
concern a similar sentiment shared in
Ottawa with police saying there have
been no reported hate motivated
incidents targeting either a Palestinian
Muslim or Jewish Community member we
must always stand United as Canadians
this is something that is core to Canada
we take care of each other despite the
political and police reassurances some
Jewish Canadians are taking extra
precautions Global News has agreed to
not identify this mother who's pulling
her six and nine-year-olds out of school
tomorrow I've had very scary thoughts
dropping my kids off at school this week
felt different than it did in the past
the principal of ottawa's largest Jewish
school seeing some families follow suit
most parents are choosing to continue to
send their kids to school of course
every now and again a parent is holding
a different kind of anxiety and we
understand that John mitzer crediting
the resilience of his students and staff
these are teachers who show up every day
with broken hearts and whose job it is
is to show up and be present and
emotionally available for children who
desperately need them similar unease
being felt by Palestinian Canadians as
the National Council of Canadian Muslims
is set to hold an emergency meeting
tonight on islamophobia from the
perspective of our community uh there is
a little bit of unrest a lot bit of uh
people who are feeling anxious the RCMP
say they're aware of threats against the
Jewish community on social media and are
calling on Canadians to use increased
vigilance Donna McKenzie thanks