in recent weeks the US has had its eyes
on what's next after the war between
Israel and Gaza ramping up calls for the
creation of a Palestinian state
Washington believes it's the only option
for lasting peace Benjamin Netanyahu
completely disagrees in a televised
broadcast on Thursday the Israeli Prime
Minister rejected calls for a two-state
solution in the region after the war
he's vowed to push ahead with the
conflict against
Hamas the state of Israel must have
security control over the entire
territory west of the Jordan River
that's a necessary condition I've told
our American friends
this and I also stopped the attempts to
impose a reality on us that would harm
Israel's
security the Prime Minister and his
right-wing Coalition governments have
long opposed a scenario in which a
Palestinian state would live alongside
an Israeli one netanyahu's speech adds
to a growing Rift between Israel and
Washington
biggest backer in the war his Defiance
leaves plans to rebuild Gaza after the
fighting at a deadlock during the US
Secretary of State Anthony Bin's last
tour of the region Arab Nations and
turkey promised to help reconstruct Gaza
on the condition that they see a
tangible push towards the creation of a
Palestinian State reacting to the
televised address Washington says
President Joe Biden will not stop
working towards a two-state
solution this is not new comments by
prime minister Netanyahu we obviously
see it differently we believe that the
Palestinians have every right to live in
an independent state with peace and
security netanyahu's Hardline stance
could have wider implications on the
region the normalization of Israeli and
Saudi ties is now hanging in the balance
Riyad says its continued rap ofont with
Israel will be conditional on a process
to create a Palestinian State a position
also backed by Washington