to the Middle East where there's been
intensifying clashes between the
Lebanese militant group Hezbollah and
Israeli forces with the iran-backed
group injuring 14 soldiers in a
crossborder strike meanwhile Western
leaders traveled to Israel to urge the
government to avoid a broader conflict
with tan Isabella Higgins has more from
Jerusalem there's been plenty of
diplomacy and discussion taking place
here in Jerusalem but in the north of
the country there have been clashes
between the Israeli Armed Forces forces
and Hezbollah the Lebanese militant
group have claimed responsibility for an
air attack on a village in the North of
Israel that injured a number of people
now hisb say that this was a retaliatory
strike on a military Target in response
to an attack from the IDF on Southern
Lebanon on Tuesday that killed a senior
Hezbollah Commander now the IDF said
that they have launched a fresh round of
strikes in response to this attack now
ever since the October 7 attacks led by
Hamas there has been an escalating
crossborder conflict between the Iran
Hezbollah and Israel now this was very
much a topic of conversations in all
those talks that were going on in
Jerusalem Western leaders urging
restraint and calm with the Israeli
government there's been a growing sense
of unease about how Israel is going to
respond to an unprecedented attack at
the weekend from tyan that saw more than
300 missiles and drones launched at the
Country Now Tran says that this was a
Tory strike in response to a number of
Iranian leaders being killed at an
embassy in Damascus earlier this month
and that the matter is now concluded so
the UK's foreign secretary David Cameron
Germany's foreign minister analena Bok
met with the Israeli government and urge
restraint and said that they would work
with Israel to create a coordinated
package of sanctions against Iran
any they also have all kinds of
suggestions and advice I appreciate it
but I want to make it clear we will make
our own decisions and the state of
Israel will do everything necessary to
defend itself now it's understood that
the sanctions package is going to be a
key topic of conversation at the
upcoming G7 conferences in Italy but a
number of world leaders say it's also
important that the humanitarian crisis
in Gaza gets back on the world's
agenda for