urgent effort to evacuate Americans the
first ship now leaving from the northern
Israeli port in the city of hia the
Americans inside Gaza as well how do
they get out ABC's Brit clenet from hia
Israel Tonight Tonight hundreds of
American Israelis boarding this cruise
ship in the northern Israeli Port City
hia crossing the Mediterranean to Cyprus
desperate to escape as this war
intensifies the US Embassy organizing
this first evacuation of citizens by sea
as many commercial airlines cancel
flights in and out of Israel Adela
schutzbach her family in Dallas by
Wednesday I'm constantly on edge and uh
I can't do that to my
kids I can't let them live like this
there are hundreds of American evacuees
on this ship heading for Cyprus fleeing
for safety many of them seriously
concerned about an escalation in this
war and tonight as Palestinian Americans
race to flee War torn Gaza we know
Americans are among the 199 hostages
taken by Hamas a medical report released
by the Israeli hostages and missing
families for him saying many of those
abducted are facing life-threatening
conditions the report alleging a
9-month-old baby has no access to
formula a 23-year-old woman has
untreated gunshot wounds people have
amputated Limbs and an 85-year-old woman
suffering from heart failure is at risk
of
dying David the people behind that
hostage report passed along their
information to the Red Cross now we know
the Red Cross has met with Hamas
leadership but tonight we know nothing
more about the condition of those
hostages David Brit kenip in hia Israel
Brit thanks to you as well hi everyone
George Stephanopoulos here thanks for
checking out the ABC News YouTube
channel if you'd like to get more videos
show highlights and watch live event
coverage click on the right over here to
subscribe to our Channel and don't
forget to download the ABC News app for
breaking news alerts thanks for
watching