and as Israel orders Complete Siege uh
Seas of Gaza it has also been bombing
the area of Rafa border crossing between
Gaza and Egypt and as for the reports
the water has been hit at least three
times in the last 24 hours and it has
disrupted the operations at The
Crossings well Rafa is the only possible
Crossing Point into Egypt saai Peninsula
the rest of the densely populated Gaza
Strip is surrounded by the sea to the
west and Israel to the North and the
East that means that the only way out
for gazans is to flee to Egypt in the
South and as for the reports citing
Egypt and gazan officials the strikes
forced a partial closure of border on
Monday the force trucks carrying Fuel
and goods for the Palestinian territory
to pull
back the
[Music]
for
[Music]
now the crossing is now reportedly open
for humanitarian purpose though the
Israel Defense Forces say on they rather
said on Tuesday that it hit an
underground tunnel for smuggling weapons
and equipment in the Rafa area but it
did not confirm or deny hitting the
crossing meanwhile Egypt being wary of a
crisis spill over is moving to prevent a
mass Exodus from the Gaza Strip into its
saai Peninsula it has urged Israel to
provide safe passage for civilians
rather than encouraging them to flee to
the
peninsula Egyptian president Abdel fat
CI has expressed concern that the
escalation in Gaza is highly dangerous
and it will not allow the issue to be
settled at the expense of others he said
that Egypt was pursuing a negotiated
solution to the violence with regional
and international Partners at the moment
well Egypt is the first Arab country to
make peace with Israel and it has
mediated between Israel and Palestinian
factions during previous conflicts as
well meanwhile Israel Defense Forces
they' they've clarified that there is no
official call by Israel or residents of
the Gaza Strip to exit into Egypt and
that it has been instructing the
population inside the Gaza Strip to
distance themselves from designated
[Music]
areas