on Sunday Hamas released a video of Noah
aamani Yosi sharabi in it sersi in it
they were shown asking the Israeli
government to stop fighting in Gaza and
to secure their release tonight Hamas
released a new video showing the bodies
of Yosi and IAI claiming that they were
killed in Israeli air
strikes in hostage Freedom Square in Tel
Aviv where for 101 days they have
gathered sung and prayed for the
hostages to come home the news that two
more wouldn't come out alive was just
starting to sink
[Music]
in aai was not shot by our forces This
Is A Lie by Hamas the building where
they were held was not a Target and was
not attacked by our forces if we knew
their in real time we don't attack a
place where we know there might be
abductees this is why Israel says it
needs to continue fighting in Gaza a
terror attack in Israel in the town of
Rana north of Tel
Aviv the terrorists stole vehicles and
drove into bus stops hitting Israeli
civilians killing one woman in her 70s
and injuring 17 others including
children two Palestinian men from the
West Bank of Hebron have been arrested
they are relatives and were working in
Israel illegally they didn't start
ramming into security forces or police
they looked where they would find a mass
of civilians standing like at the bus
stop right behind us Ram their car
straight into it got out of the car
stole another car and continued their
attack until police were able to close
in on the net of where they were and
stop them and prevent them from harming
any more
civilians Israeli police say they have
foiled dozens of potential ter Terror
attacks since October the 7th Israel is
coming under increasing International
pressure for a ceasefire but many
Israelis and the Israeli government will
say this is exactly why they need to
keep fighting Hamas to stop Terror
attacks from Gaza and from the West
Bank the Israeli government maintains
that military force is the best way to
pressure Hamas into another hostage deal
not everyone in Israel agrees with that
and the news of two more dead hostages
might further divide the
country Alis bunkle Sky News in Tel Aviv