the state of war in the Middle East
reverberating across the world in
Washington Flags fly at half staff on
Capitol Hill a show of solidarity with
Israel the US government moving Navy
ships and aircraft closer to the country
as new details emerge of Americans
caught in the conflict we've got reports
that several Americans are among the
dead we're working very actively to
verify those reports at the same time
the reports of Americans being taken
hostage there too
the Revelation comes as Israel's allies
continue to condemn hamas's surprise
attack the scenes that we've seen in
Israel over the past 36 hours are truly
horrifying of course people are worried
about escalation but Israel has a right
to defend itself and and it will be
doing so in Ukraine a sign of
support President Vladimir zalinski
urging the world to stand with
Israel while Germany's chancellor
expressed shock and
outrage at the Vatican Pope Francis
calling for an end to the fighting and
praying for peace in the region in
Israel and Palestina the UN Security
Council met Sunday to discuss the
conflict its humanitarian officials are
pleading for the creation of corridors
to bring food into Gaza as Israeli air
strikes Target the area attacks that
many expect will intensify the state of
Israel cannot allow what has happened to
stand and we can not give into this kind
of extortion this is in essence a battle
for pretty much for National survival
and to help in that battle us officials
say in addition to Military Support they
will also send equipment and resources
to the region the Biden Administration
says Israel can expect more assistance
in the days ahead Joel senic Global News
Washington