[Music]
seventy-one-year-old maryam jabarine has
been living in samoa town in the occupy
west bank for almost 60 years
the palestinians eight daughters and
sons have constructed several houses for
themselves in the area
but israeli authorities always
threatening to demolish what they have
built
so mariam and some of her children have
moved into nearby caves which can't be
demolished
a while ago the jews came and put
numbers on the houses do you think that
the jews will leave us one day to our
destiny many settlers pass through here
and god alone knows how much fear they
create to us how can we get out of here
when we have no money for bread if we
hadn't stayed here in this cave the jews
would have taken this land
samoa is the southernmost city of the
occupied west bank
and it is surrounded by israeli illegal
settlements
the palestinian municipality of samoa
says before 1948 this place was mainly
inhabited by palestinian farmers but
after israel's expansion policies only a
handful of them still live in the area
and they live in dwellings where it's
hard to provide basic needs such as
electricity and water
the occupation here prevents everything
the occupation prevents the
constructions prevents additions to
construction prevents the construction
of electricity and water networks
prevents the rehabilitation of roads the
occupation demolished houses and
buildings and is still demolishing them
they are trying with all their efforts
to make life difficult for palestinian
citizens to force them to leave the
areas and empty the area of their
inhabitants
mariam says when some of her children
who still live in houses in my tour to
their place
she just wants to return to her cave
that was once only temporary but is now
a lifestyle
mustafa vatios trt world occupied west
bank
[Music]
you