6 months into the Israel Hamas war and
there are definite signals that the war
has expanded Beyond being only about
Israel and Hamas the Israeli bombing of
the Iranian Embassy in Syria has set off
a wave of tensions in the region after
the hasbullah chief warned of revenge
against a suspected Israeli attack on
the Iranian Embassy in Syria a top
Iranian military commander has renewed
calls to head
back
it the warnings has put Israel and its
longtime Ally the United States of
America on a high alert according to
reports the US is preparing for a
possible attack by Iran tar getting
Israeli or American Assets in the
region well America has picked up
intelligence that Iran is planning a
retaliatory attack that would include a
swarm of Shahid loitering drones and
cruise missiles officials say the timing
and Target are unknown but a
proportional response to the Damascus
attack would be to hit an Israeli
diplomatic facility the attack is likely
to come between now and the end of
Ramadan next week at the same time
Israel has also increased its security
alert to the highest level according to
reports Israel has initiated an urgent
evacuation of its consulates the
precautionary measure includes number
one relocating some Israeli diplomatic
representatives to safer locations and
number two advising against the
organization of public
events the decision taken by us and
Israel comes on the backdrop of a
written message where Iran has asked the
US to step aside if it does not want to
get dragged into Israeli Prime Minister
benan nany's trap and this as a country
prepares a response to a suspected
Israeli attack on its Embassy in Syria
while Hezbollah its main proxy in West
Asia has warned Israel that it is
prepared for a war in an address to it
his supporters to Mark alud day the
militant group's leader said that the
matter of violating Iran sovereignity is
above all political differences he says
that the support Iran's right to push
Israel and rather punish Israel at the
moment as well while also stating that a
response was
coming the issue of the Iranian
consulate is a turning point in the
events that occurred from October 7th
till today be certain be sure that the
Iranian response to the targeting of
Consulate in Damascus is definitely
coming against
[Music]
Israel