[Music]
muhannad Aidid is learning to walk again
one step at a time
he's one of Gaza's many war victims
having lost his right leg in a rocket
attack during the 2014 war and his only
hope of recovery is to get a prosthetic
limb from this clinic has changed since
I was wounded the prosthesis is helping
a lot it's way better than the crutches
it was painful at the beginning but with
time and training it's getting better
the Red Cross says muhannad is just one
of more than 75,000 Gazans suffering
from some form of disability because of
the conflicts his physiotherapist says
his everyday life is now a challenge the
streets for instance are not all covered
with asphalt some of them are only dirt
some are filled with holes so we have to
adapt the training to the environment
that the patient's is living in the Gaza
Strip has been under Israeli blockade
for nearly a decade
Israel strictly controls the delivery of
goods and gasses border with Egypt
remains largely closed because of this
the only factory here that builds
prosthetic limbs faces severe
restrictions it's complicated to import
war material into Gaza especially
chemical products so we bring them in
our capacity as the clinic for polio and
prosthetic limbs attached to the Gaza
municipality and with the help of the
International Committee of the Red Cross
it means people like eMED alfihri who
lost his leg after being hit by israeli
tank fire have to wait a long time for
their prosthetic limbs to this day I
can't wear the prosthesis because it's
painful for me the muscle I have left is
only eight centimeters long and it can't
carry a prosthetic limb that weighs four
kilos if there was better equipment and
capacity they could make me a more
comfortable processors nearly two
million people live in Gaza it's seen
three wars over the past eight years the
deadliest one in 2014 wounded 11,000
people
and under the current conditions few can
hope to make any recovery Shamim
chaudhary trt world
[Music]