colleague Pradip data who is in Israel
has been reporting on ground situation
he brings us reports while Israel is
under heavy rocket firing by Hamas from
Gaza short while back there was a rocket
attack because of which the people are
leaving their home and they're moving
toward the safer place we have got a
lady with us she's wearing the
bulletproof jacket because this is the
only way you can prevent yourself from
the killer Rockets being fired by Hamas
terrorist from Gaza Strip where are you
going right now in my home
this the home of parents my parents
parents and live in my home now so tell
me one thing you were inside when this
rocket attack took
place yeah I don't understand so that
time you were inside in here side okay
on this side on this side okay so uh who
all are leaving along with you other
family members also going with you your
mother also leaving this my mother she's
living in dad and dead see right now you
can see them she daughter along with the
mother father and everybody they are
leaving this place because she had been
putting up there they were inside when
all of her sudden a rocket came and hit
the second story of the building and you
can see this is a residential apartment
where the civilians are putting up this
is the kind of a war crime being
committed by Hamas people how they are
trying to Target innocent unarmed
civilian they have not only targeted
children and women but you can see the
civilian apartment here this rocket has
hit this area and you can see almost it
has gone inside this it has destroyed
the window pane and you can see it has
also destroyed the side wall also so now
this people they are feeling that this
is the best way to leave this place not
to stay here not only this let me show
you even the impact of the rocket had
been so strong that the some of the
sharels have hit the vehicle parked
nearby and the vehicle has also been
damaged because of this sharel so every
day you'll find that rocket attacks most
of them trying to Target civilian areas
they're not even sparing Hospital
buildings a short while back there one
of the rocket exploded in the compound
of the hospital building Child
Development
Center