so as a big news coming in even as 500
civilians have died in that Gaza
Hospital attack Israel Defense Forces
has released this very audio clip
showing a Hamas group chatting inside
the hospital right after the attack that
almost signifies or suggests that Hamas
operatives knew that uh this was is
likely a rocket
misfire this has been caught on tape and
this is what the IDF has released Hamas
hospital admission that's caught on tape
a big admission uh where Hamas is heard
discussing about a rocket misfire from
their end let's cut
across
foreign
[Music]
for Subhan
Allah
all right I'm cutting across to gorov
Salin for more on that gorov this audio
clip that's been released by the Israeli
Defense Forces uh it's come in as an
official release but yet for us there's
nothing to corroborate this with
evidence uh but this is a clip that
suggests that two Hamas operatives are
discussing about how this could be a
rocket
misfire Israel has constantly been
saying that they've tracked the
trajectory of the rocket they say that
this wasn't an area where they were
firing they're constantly saying that uh
this is uh you know U the burn injuries
on ground had this been a it's a IDF
missile there would have been a crater
on the ground there is no crater on the
ground they're also saying that the
propellent since this rocket had just
been fired it had a large amount of
propellant in it and the burn injuries
on patients outside hospital and also
automobiles outside hospital that caught
fire are all indications that multiple
rockets that were fired by the Islamic
Jihad one of them misfired it fell on
the hospital the propellant caught fire
so there are burn injuries that's point
one and point two uh you know on on on
on explosion there was an explosion on
ground and because of the explosives
there was the second uh fire or an
explosion in which there were casualties
so they insist this is an Islamic Jihad
rocket haven't gone or right and it's
not an IDF
missile goov stay with us I'm going to
cut across to more news coming in as
developments happening thick and fast
right after Joe Biden has arrived into
Israel