I I do agree you see you see my
message why let me continue but at every
turn another disruption on Sunday
tensions escalated at what was supposed
to be a low key event the mayor's annual
skating party Nathan Phillips Square
well this is H what you're seeing is
democracy in action Olivia Chow is
drowned out by shouts of Shame and calls
for a ceasefire can't come back
otherwise would say okay onstead okay
the Avenue Road overpass has been the
target of demonstrators for some time
now those in support of Palestinians
converging and temporarily shutting down
a busy artery that if you want to
protest go protest outside of an embassy
or a consulate or a government building
it's law enforcement that's now come
under Fire Toronto police chief myON
demq issuing an apology after video
surfaced online of officers handing a
beverage box of coffee to protesters a
poster on X saying the coffee was
purchased by the protesters who weren't
allowed back onto the overpass Global
News obtained a copy of an internal Memo
from the board of the Toronto Police
Association to its members it reads in
part this weekend our members were faced
with another challenging deployment to
police a protest at Avenue Road and
Highway 401 our members were tasked with
keeping the peace and in doing so their
acts have been portrayed in the media as
being ineffectual and negligent nothing
could be further from the truth a
spokesperson for the Toronto police
service tells us in performing a helpful
act our officer motivation was to help
keep tensions low and should not be
interpreted as showing support for any
cause or group where you you know start
to encroach on someone's ability to just
function on a day-to-day basis um you
know that starts to then tow the line in
terms of you know what's proper and
what's not blocking traffic you know ACC
costing people who are just simply
trying to get by by pushing forward your
position
that's where we do need to see our law
enforcement get involved