now all of these are details that are
emerging at this moment remember things
are extremely tentative and all of this
is of course from information that is
coming from the Israeli media that is of
course reporting some of the stuff but
the Israeli media has no access inside
the Gaza Strip and the information of
course is coming in from members of the
Red Cross where 12 Thai Nationals we
given to understand have now been handed
over to the Red Cross and they are now
being taken across the border through
the Rafa Border Crossing into Egypt from
where they'll be air lifted out of the
country and this is part of this is not
a part of the hostage exchange deal the
th Nationals have been released on
humanitarian grounds because they've got
nothing to do with the politics now what
were these th Nationals doing in
southern part of Israel there were total
23 th Nationals who had been captured by
the Hamas fighters in the 7th of October
now these th Nationals are said to be
menial agricultural workers who are
there to earned their living and they
had been captured on the 7th of October
when the Hamas F had stormed into the
southern part of Israel and therefore
Hamas has allowed them to walk free not
part of the deal that's been signed but
this is separate from the deal that is
in fact been agreed upon to release
Israeli captives in exchange for
Palestinian prisoners who are
languishing in Israeli prisons most of
these Palestinians who are expected to
released are women and young children
many of them are less than the age of 18
so this is what we expect to happen in
the course of the next few minutes
remember the exchange of captives for
the Palestinian prisoners should have
happened at 400 p.m. and the local time
in
Gaza at this moment is
4:44 p.m. it is 44 minutes past the
agreed upon time but what has happened
so far is that 12 Tha Nationals have
been allowed to walk free the handed
over to the officials of the Red Cross
and they are being driven out from the
Gaza territory through the Rafa water
Crossing into Egypt from where they'll
be air lifted out of the
[Music]
territory