Israel wants to reschedule talks in
Washington to discuss a possible ground
offensive in Rafa south of Gaza City the
backtrack comes days after Benjamin
Netanyahu canel a trip by a delegation
in protest over a un ceasefire
resolution John Sparks
reports it suggests that Netanyahu has
decided not to go head-to-head with the
American president he's decided not to
go head-to-head with the with the Biden
Administration on this issue he doesn't
want to risk a major rupture
with with what is Israel's major best
ally at a time when Israel is looking
increasingly isolated on the world stage
the background on this yeah un Security
Council resolution on Monday which
called for an immediate ceasefire in
Gaza the Americans had blocked or vetoed
three attempts to do the same thing
earlier that position got increasingly
difficult for them uh to take what was
the the increase in the death toll in
Gaza it's over 32 2000 now you've got
major International Aid agencies warning
of imminent starvation got very
difficult for the Americans to hold that
position so they abstained that that
resolution passed and it infuriated
Netanyahu absolutely infuriated his
office at the time it released a
statement saying that the Americans had
abandoned its principled policy of
supporting Israel and in a sign of his
his irritation his anger he canceled a
meeting a meeting that Biden had
personally asked for to talk about
alternatives to this planned Israeli
ground Invasion into Rafa people are
worried about it because you've got more
than a million civilians crowded into
the southern corner of the territory
people are worried about grave
consequences they're they're worried
about a blood bath if the Israelis go
ahead with this Biden wanted to talk
about it it now seems that the Netanyahu
War cabinet Netanyahu himself are
willing to have the discussion they're
willing to have dialogue about their
plans to have this Invasion doesn't mean
that they won't go ahead with it it
sounds like they're going to talk about
it at least and I think that his critics
here of which there are many will say
he's bending to reality here the
Americans are Israel's biggest backer
they Supply billions of dollars of aid
direct military assistance ultimately
Netanyahu has had to do it he's had his
hand forced