we don't know that much because we don't
interview with the leaders of Hamas in
Gaza and they're the ones who hold the
hostages so everything else is a kind of
interpretation you read the runes if you
like so I'll tell you how we've got to
this point where there are these reports
two days ago we heard a report out of a
washington-based uh social media company
uh newspaper there and uh it said that
it was um based from Washington a
request to Qatar to see if this process
could be started again and Qatar said it
would look into it it was one of the
previous negotiators in the Arab world a
representative a patron of Hamas uh it
said it would look into it since then
we've heard quite a bit in the Arab
language newspapers uh suggesting that
this might be going on and off the
Record comments from Israeli officials
suggesting that it might be going on
today we heard from a a Paris based well
from from a the Paris branch of an Arab
uh social media uh newspaper so that's
one that only appears on the web um and
it said suggested that it even named the
name of someone who might be amongst the
Palestinian prisoners to be released
veteran Palestinian prisoner and leader
Maran baruti seen as one of the
successors uh to the Palestinian
president Mahmud abas now aged 88
so uh that's one possibility only one
source I have heard uh from umah hamdan
who's a leader of Hamas not based in the
Gaza Strip suggesting this is just
Israeli propaganda to relieve the
pressure that's coming from within
Israel uh and we've heard from
Palestinian Islamic Jihad and other of
the militant groups in the Gaza Strip
that it's not going ahead but I think
the fact that it's being discussed the
fact that it's being discussed in
Israeli and Arab media
so many sources uh I think that's a sign
that something's moving even though um a
negotiation may not have begun yet