on the surface khed meck's days look as
they do every Ramadan since he opened
his restaurant in 2014 his afternoons
are calm and quiet and his restaurant
which sits along a busy road in Northern
Virginia is mostly empty during the
day but the reality is that this Ramadan
is different for khed whose entire
family remains in
Gaza it's not uh it's not like the
previous Ramadan we just uh cuz our
heart is broken and you know we have
that stomach feeling that cannot go away
that you know the worry and about our
families there and the people of
Gaza this year when he talks to his
family there khed avoids their usual
topic of Ramadan conversation food it's
depressing when I talk to them about the
food I I try not to mention too much you
know Ramadan is known by the multiple
dishes that doesn't happen in Gaza it's
like if you have one dish you're lucky
this is very old picture Israel's war on
Gaza has hit home for khed personally in
November his niece ree her three
children and her husband were killed
after Israel bombed their family home re
she was one of the closest to me she
died the day after the marsh in DC and I
sent her the pictures of the of the
March like we're hey we're not sitting
down you guys under we're voicing
ourselves against this oppression
shortly after re's death khed announced
an unra fundraiser at the restaurant in
her honor and the turnout was so immense
it created a traffic jam and a line that
wound around the building at bwati
Ramadan is one of the busiest times of
year and as the sun sets The Familiar
rhythms of the Islamic holy month of
fasting begins people start filing into
vaati restaurant about 15 minutes before
St time to get situated and seated
before it's time to break their fast but
the more celebratory events and parties
that typically happen here during
Ramadan are not happening this year
because of the war in
Gaza inside a line of customers winds
around a heaping
buffet and Khaled does what he does best
he feeds people and continues to hope
that for people in Gaza this month will
end better than it started I hope for it
I actually pray for it every in every
prayer I do running a tour trt World
Virginia