this is alhadad a young yemeni
influencer who has been dubbed as the
hot huti pirate by social media
[Music]
users alhadad became a viral sensation
following his posts during the Red Sea
crisis he has been sharing footage of
himself on board the attack of captured
ships by houis in the last couple of
[Music]
days in particular a video footage of
the influencer on a cargo ship which was
captured in November has led to him
being dubbed as Tim Hui shalam which is
a reference to the Hollywood actor
Timothy shalam
some internet users even call him Jihadi
Depp which is in reference to the actor
Johnny Depp recently his account on Tik
Tok has been banned for violating the
platform's community guidelines but his
Instagram account Still Remains active
where the yemeni influencer openly
supports houti Rebels and their
actions showing his support for the
Palestinians alh hadad's accounts across
multiple social media platforms
including Instagram Tik Tok and Snapchat
amased thousands of
followers while there is no evidence
that he participated in seizing the
cargo ship the houti supporter has been
called a pirate
[Music]
online a clip posted to Instagram on
Monday showed alhadad on the Galaxy
leader Arab big caption read the ship is
ours now do not look for it anymore
since his Tik Tok account was deleted he
has launched a new one which so far has
a relatively modest following of 78 he
has more than 30,000 followers on
Instagram and 13,000 on
X on Tuesday alhadad expressed
reluctance about being seen as a
heartthrob when he shared screenshots of
newsweek's coverage of his social media
popularity on
X the US Maritime Administration which
is under the transportation department
said there continues to be a high degree
of risk to the commercial vessels
traveling near
Yemen a Times online
report
subscribe to our YouTube channel don't
forget to like our videos and hit the
Bell icon to stay updated with the
[Music]
latest