now when bombs are falling arms industry
profits are rising as War rages in Gaza
and Ukraine the defense sector is both
benefiting from the violence and
struggling to keep up Global defense is
spend defense spending is also
witnessing a sustained uptick due to a
perceived threat from China's growing
military prowers this isn't just the US
defense firms like LED Martin and Ron
British military equipment giant Bae
system says Global conflicts are fueling
the demand for Munitions ba in August
announced a record order book and a
halfe surge in net profits of 57% as
defense spending among Western
governments jumped following Russia's
invasion of Ukraine its shares have sred
since the war between Hamas and Israel
broke out last month on Monday ba issued
a bright earnings outlook on its
increasing exposure to structurally
Growing defense markets and a time of
heightening geopolitical risk the group
has plowed more cash this year a new
investment in Munitions manufacturing
capacity as for the business development
director at the British makeer of
military equipment production of 155 mm
caliber shells will have risen 8-fold by
2025 compared with shortly before
Russia's invasion of Ukraine early last
year the UK government in September said
it had delivered more than 300,000
artillery shells to Ukraine with tens of
thousands more planned by the end of the
Year Ba's share price has almost doubled
since Russia's invasion of Ukraine
additionally share price has risen by
more than 10% in the wake of the Israel
Hamas war that began early
October a key long-term contract kicked
in this year and is now is known as the
Next Generation munition solution it's
worth 2.4 billion pound and seized ba
supplying Munitions to Britain's
Ministry of Defense over 15 years
Theon is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move