I made it
clear to the Israelis that
um to BB enters War cabinet but I think
the only ultimate answer here is a
two-state solution it's real we got to
get to the point where there is an
ability to be able to even talk without
worrying about whether or not we're just
dealing with they're dealing with Hamas
that's going to engage in the same
activities they did over the past on the
so it it's but I can't tell I'm not a
fortune teller I can't tell you how long
it's going to last but I can tell you I
don't think It ultimately ends until
there's a two-state solution I made it
clear to the Israelis I think it's a big
mistake for them to think they're going
to occupy Gaza and maintain Gaza I don't
think that works with regard to uh when
is this going to
stop
and they're in and they still think that
at least as of this morning they still
thought they could you have a
circumstance where the first war crime
is being committed by Hamas by having
their headquarters their military hidden
under a hospital and that's a fact
that's what's happened Israel did not
not go in with large number of troops
did not raid did not rush everything
down they've gone in and they've gone in
with their soldiers carrying weapons or
guns when hamama Hamas said they plan on
doing the same thing again what they did
what they did on the sth they're going
to go in they want to slaughter Israelis
they want to do it again they've said it
out loud they're not kidding about it
they're not backing off and so I just
ask a rhetorical question I wonder what
we would do if that were the case on the
H though you said we coming what do you
mean to the American hostages
said what I meant was I'm doing
everything in my power to get you out
coming to help you to get you out I
don't mean sending military to get them
is is that what you thought I might mean
no no no I was not talking about the
military I was talking about we you're
on our mind every single day five six
times a day I'm working on how I can be
help ful in getting the hostages
released and have a period of time where
there's a pause long enough to let that
happen and there are somewhere between
50 and 100 hostages there uh we think
and sir what's a three-year-old American
child You're darn right it is that's why
I'm not going to stop till we get
[Music]
her