the workplace day in action on the 1st
of
May and we came out today with the
police with the UK government please
stop arming Israel is it's the biggest
danger for Jewish people to arming
Israel it's the it's putting Jewish
people in danger in the whole world is
dangerous for the Jewish religion the
creation of state of Israel please stop
arming the Israel stop supporting the
states see that the only solution is a
free Palestine and that that will be
bring peace for the whole
[Music]
world Britain has been one of the
strongest supporters of Israel it
continues to sell Israel weapons despite
there being evidence that our weapons
are being used currently in Gaza um you
know Parts in in fighter jets part for
sniper rifles have been used to kill
Palestinians in what the icj the highest
court in the world has described as
plausibly a genocide Parliament is back
in session and we're here to show
specifically today that our movement
hasn't gone anywhere that people are as
outraged and as determined uh as they
have been for the last 6 months to keep
fighting until the the killing of the
Palestinians has stopped we have and
will continue to bring this country to a
is is terrorist British government uh
has a responsibility to ensure that
these arms that send Israel are not
being used against civilians and against
children and women so our demand is very
clear and very simple that this madness
this genocide against the people of Gaza
has to has to end and the British
government has to play a role in ending
it as soon as possible we bride
ourselves in this country uh with with
with ethics and and values of upholding
inter
and this is against interational La by
all means to send arms to a country that
is already committing a
genocide diee will never dietin will
never die will never die