now as the fighting comes to a halt
trucks of Aid have begun entering Gaza
through the Rafa Crossing just moments
ago the first batch of trucks carrying
essential supplies were seen entering
Gaza from Egypt while the Rafa Crossing
this is in addition to fuel trucks that
have also started trickling into the
waron
region
a crucial point in the truths agreement
is to allow close to 300 trucks worth of
supplies including food water and
medicine for as long as the temporary
ceasefire lasts this is the first
substantial amount of Aid that Israel
has agreed to allow Into The besieged
Enclave however in the past few weeks
several countries have extended a
helping hand to the people of Gaza
turkey and Roden were one of the first
Nations to deliver aid for Gaza via
Egypt India has sent two batterers of a
to Gaza so far the latest cash off
emergency supplies were delivered on
November 19th a month after New Delhi
delivered the first batch of emergency
supplies to help Gaza battle a dire
humanitarian
crisis the eight Cent so far includes
wheat flow tins of tuna fish tomato
paste these are Under the
food now boxes of bottled water and
medical supplies including dressing
painkillers and anesthesia to help
doctors perform life-saving surgeries
have also been
sent additionally turkey has extended
medical assistance to Gaza by taking in
terminally ill patients who require
intensive care care immediately the
decision was taken after hospitals in
Gaza crumbled under Israeli bombing and
ground operations this in addition to
dwindling supplies across all hospitals
in the Gaza
Strip the volatility in the region and a
persistent diplomatic deadlock over the
sieg of Gaza has deted a consistent flow
of supplies that meet the requirement
for over 2 million civilians to stay
afloat with a 4 day truths now in the
picture it remains to be seen how much
Aid can actually trickle into the
enclave and whether it is enough to keep
people afloat in
[Music]
Gaza