a
[Music]
nearly 700 kilometer long wall cuts off
the occupied West Bank from Israel and
it as long featured graffiti drawing
attention to the conflict now an
Australian artist known as lush sucks
has also joined in but his works carry a
different theme one is a less than
flattering mural of US president Donald
Trump while another takes aim at
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg
people here in Bethlehem are generally
welcoming of artists like him but some
are concerned they may be using the wall
simply as a canvas to promote their own
work
I feel that when they have empathy for
us but perhaps the Palestinian people
don't want them to come and paint and
then go the American president promised
several times to solve the Palestinian
issue and you are here in town and you
see the situation didn't change
it was around 15 years ago that Israel
began building the wall which now cads
deep into Palestinian towns and villages
Israel calls it a necessary security
barrier but in 2004 an advisory board at
the International Court of Justice
declared it illegal and Palestinians say
it's only there to help Israel grab more
land the wall has since drawn artists
including Banksy to highlight the
Israeli occupation but visitors say the
new works have little to do with the
Palestinian cause I'd like this that
kind of reflects internal issues in
other countries or global issues that
aren't concerned here I think the wall
risks that being becoming kind of a
street art gallery rather than actually
politicizing what it's about lush sucks
is currently asking followers on social
media which famous figure he should
paint next and suggestions so far
include WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange
but those involved in the conflicts say
that as inspiring as they may be on a
global level these new themes only serve
to immortalize the wall and SAP the
energy out of the Palestinian cause been
said TRT world
[Music]