she Hassan Yousef a Hamas member in the
occupied West Bank was arrested 16 times
and spent 24 years in prison he was
released last July after serving 20
months in Israel Yousef was arrested
hours after we interviewed him what is
happening in Gaza is war crimes against
the Palestinian people who have been
besieged for 17 years the Palestinians
of a cannot be separated from the rest
of the Palestinian people and the
desecration of the sanctities they
suffer and the people of Jerusalem
suffer Israel launched intensive air
strikes on the Gaza trip after hamas's
October 7th attack on Israel and began a
major Crackdown on Hamas members in the
occupied West Bank Israel always uses
arrests as a component of a humiliating
and aggressive strategic plan against
the Palestinian to drain its energy
Night trads by the Israeli Army in the
occupied West Bank are nothing new in
fact it's a nightly occurrence but since
the start of the war on Gaza arrests
have soared exponentially the prisoners
society says Israeli forces have
detained more than a thousand
Palestinians just in the last two weeks
since many of those arrested are either
Hamas members or Affiliates Palestinians
say Israel has several reasons behind
its arresting
campaign the mounting death toll in Gaza
has also inflamed tension which led to
mass demonstrations against Israel and
the Palestinian Authority Israel's war
with Hamas in Gaza has stalked fear that
Hamas may open another front in the
occupied West
Bank Israel anticipates that the
fighting with Hamas may become more
complicated and feels that it is very
pressured Israel fears that once
cornered Hamas may call on its
supporters to carry out attacks in the
West Bank it will also use them as
paining chips for future negotiation on
prisoner exchange as Israel prepares for
a possible ground assault in Gaza
Palestinians in the occupied West Bank
are bracing for more punitive measures
by Israel Muhammad kasim trt World
ramala occupied West
[Music]
Bank