the remnants of Israeli air strikes just
outside Rafa residents are still sifting
through the rubble I wish we could have
collected their whole bodies instead we
did it by pieces and remains why because
it's a war the war has been going for a
long time these strikes killed at least
13 people here including five children
dozens more were
injured look at that room they pulled a
little girl from under the rubble while
I was covered in rocks nothing was left
in my room it was all gone the hall was
gone there isn't even a window or a door
left what did we do to deserve this why
the fear now for the people living here
is that Israel's military will shift
Focus to Rafa following a warning from
prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu more than a million people
forced further and further south have
been seeking Refuge from the fighting in
Rafa and the United Nations says a
military operation would be
catastrophic Al of gaza's population is
now crammed into Rafa they have nowhere
to go they have no homes and they have
no hope they are living in overcrowed
makeshift shelters in unsanitary
conditions without running water
electricity and adequate Food Supplies
it's prompting a firmer tone even from
the United States Israel's strongest and
least critical Ally
with even President Joe Biden now
publicly criticizing some Israeli
actions I'm of the view as you know
that the
conduct of the
response in Gaza in the Gaza Strip has
been
um over the top but back in Gaza people
say they're losing faith in diplomatic
efforts when linkoln comes or these
delegations come we want them to solve
our situation but unfortunately whenever
these delegations come we are hurt even
more stop these delegations stop the aid
the most important thing is to stop the
war an urgent call from the people of
Gaza as they count more of their loved
ones lost to this war and hundreds of
thousands of people in Rafa wonder how
long the supposed safe Zone will remain
one Leon Lani trt world
what