hunis is the second biggest city here in
the uh Coastal Enclave there is more
than half million people that are
residing in the in the city of hunis and
over the past weeks when the IDF asked
the Palestinians to flee from northern
Gaza to Southern Gaza most of them
actually went to the uh city of aunis so
now we are talking about more than a
million people who are residing in the
city of kanun since the latest
humanitarian truth agreement expired and
since then the Israeli Army have been um
shelling targeting bombing canun
intensively from uh air Land and Sea uh
in the past 24 hours we're talking about
land incuron in um a place called aler
Street and this is a wide street that is
separating middle Gaza from Southern
Gaza it is a separating there from kanun
and over the past hours we have been
actually hearing heavy shells H shelling
and also um exchange fire apparently
there is clashes on the ground there
between uh the Palestinian militant
Fighters and the uh Israeli forces for
now we can clearly say that the Gaza
Strip is actually separated to three
parts there is a northern Gaza there is
a middle Gaza which I am uh there right
now and there is uh Southern Gaza so no
how are people in Gs are coping with
this uh well I I don't think people are
coping I mean people here reach the
point that they are wondering where
should they go uh they cannot go back to
their homes in uh Northern Gaza uh they
are standard inside Southern Gaza and uh
we're talking about more than 2.3
million people now uh in an area of 365
square kilometers this is Gaza STP so it
is actually impossible to squeeze that
many people in such a small area it is
impossible so people are um lost
actually they don't know what to do what
is coming next adding the fact that uh
they are going through gaza's worst the
humanitarian uh crisis that reached a
point where not only the people on the
ground even us the journalists the
miracle teams uh the people who are
working with International organizations
we do not actually have access to uh
water and um food uh it the situation is
really bad there is also the lack of
fuel and uh electricity uh palel which
is uh the uh main Network here uh
company main Network company here in
Gaza said that they will stop operating
today because of the heavy Israel
Shilling that also destroyed all Network
points and uh Gaza