Israeli forces say they found an
entrance to Hamas tunnel at the alifa
hospital and a body of a hostage near
the site this backinger claims that
Hamas is using the hospital as a cover
this comes as they Advance into the next
phase of their grand Invasion our isin
with the
latest the Israel Defense Forces has
said that it has found the body of an
Israeli hostage and a tunnel shaft at
the alifa hospital complex in Gaza City
according to the idea on Thursday local
time the Israeli military discovered the
body of uded Vice in a structured near
alifa
Hospital the body of udit May her soul
rest in peace was recovered by our
forces the seventh Brigade which was
scanning the area by the alifa hospital
recovered her body in one of the homes
during the scanning near her body we
found bodies of terrorists who are
holding the
Adit the 65-year-old woman was kidnapped
by hamus milon during the raid on
Southern Israel on October 7 when at
least 1,200 people were killed and more
than 200 were abducted her husband was
also killed in the hamus attack the IDF
also said that it had uncovered an
entrance to a hamus tunnel at the
hospital revealing videos and
photographs of the tunnel shaft and
weapons it also said that aama's pickup
truck similar to those used in the
October 7 attacks was discovered
carrying weapons near the tunnel
entrance this comes after Israeli troops
the hospital Wednesday morning searching
the buildings and interrogating some
people there they say that hamus has a
military command center underneath the
hospital Israel's defense minister also
supported this claim saying the idf's
recent findings signal that there is
significant underground infrastructure
in the
area I arrived today at the headquarters
of the division whose Special Forces
also operate inside alifa Hospital there
are significant findings there the
operation continues and it is done in a
precise selective but very very
determined
manner he did not specify what the
significant findings were the defense
minister added that the IDF has taken
control over the western part of Gaza
City and that the Army has now moved on
to the next phase of its ground
operation isin news