[Music]
Gazza is often described as an open-air
prison but 24 year-old masa Abu Taha
says he has found a way to free himself
through books masa and his friends
believe freedom is a state of mind and
with books they're able to liberate
themselves by living in an imaginary
world where there are no boundaries and
with the help from American linguist and
philosopher norm Tomsky they've now
established the Edward Sayid library the
first english-language library in Gaza
it's named after the late Edward Sayid a
Palestinian American professor of
literature known for his work on
post-colonial studies and the
israeli-palestinian conflict
with the help of some friends we managed
to conduct an online marketing campaign
and raise funds to launch this small
enlightening project that aimed at
motivating children and young people to
read
Gaza has a 97% literacy rate one of the
highest in the world even among
developed countries must sub says
students here have a thirst for books
that has always been difficult to quench
in Gaza where books published in English
are hard to find
can I make sure to pay visits to this
beautiful library to read and borrow
books the unique merit of this library
is that if you asked them to save you a
particular book they work hard to do it
sumaya Carr sue is a psychology adviser
who says that the scent of books makes
her relax she tries to encourage all her
students to join the library
it's really delightful when you find a
chance to read and encourage young boys
and girls to read it's mainly for
children to get out of their houses and
get away from electronic devices it's a
crucial issue for children and their
parents many schools and libraries have
been damaged in the consecutive wars in
this isolated coastal Enclave with the
main eras crossing into Israel closed
it's difficult to bring in more books as
well as essential supplies and Gaza
doesn't have enough educational
materials to meet its growing needs but
young people like Messiah and his
companions say despite all the hardships
and they still feel inspired to create a
new world Rahul Radhakrishnan tr2 world
[Music]