were you surprised by President Biden's
tone last night because it did seem to
me to be markedly different in that he
did Center the suffering of Palestinian
women and children in a way that I had
not heard him do before Joy I was
pleased by what the president has said
in private He has expressed to some of
us his concern about what Netanyahu is
doing and I'm glad that he made that
statement publicly the reality is what
Netanyahu is planning in raw is
unconscionable you have 1.4 million
people who are living in that City
they've been told to go there it's one
of the only places they could escape the
bombing they're facing possible
starvation facing a lack of drinking
water the United States is saying do not
attack Rafa our country is saying that
the International Community is saying
that and Netanyahu in blatant Defiance
of the United States of America of our
president our military is considering
going in launching strikes which would
be humanitarian
catastrophe then what does that say
about our leverage you know I mean you
had South Africa take Israel to the uh
International Court you know to the UN
court and that did not slow them down at
all what leverage do we have and at some
point isn't The Leverage the money we're
sending and the bombs we're sending well
it is and I think you see the president
reaching the end of his patience to say
uh that Israel has been over the top and
ultimately uh the president has enormous
leverage I mean when President Reagan
told monak Bean to stop in Lebanon
within hours he stopped when President
uh Biden in the past told Netanyahu your
Runway is over in 2021 Netanyahu stopped
and I think uh the more Israel continues
to do things like going into Rafa uh the
more they're going to lose the support
of the administration and the vote in
the house where the overwhelming
majority of Democrats voted against a
blank check to uh the Israeli government
should be a wakeup
call