it's a prison it's a imprisoning the
Palestinian people the wall was the the
best way to destroy any possibility of
Palestinian State you can't talk about
the wall alone as it is the concrete
that we see here 9 M High 800 km long
around the West Bank it is inside the
West Bank it's with the wall with the
streets the the upper tide roads the
network the complicated Network that
separate the roads of the Palestinians
from the roads of the the Israeli
settlers it is the checkpoints that
controlling the Palestinian Palestinian
life it's creating a kind of a new
reality that the Palestinians will be
able enable the Palestinians to live in
the Gatos and enable Israel to control
the Palestinians forever here for
example we talking about 17 communities
that has been isolated from Jerusalem
used to be part of Jerusalem here this
this place became an a ghost town maybe
they didn't came like any to to to
approve the people and throw them out
but they made make their life impossible
here like their children studying on the
other side of the wall if they want to
continue living here they have to go all
the way to ramala to colia it takes them
almost 3 hours in the morning with the
rush hours to reach to the to their
schools now it's like 20 years on the
the the icj ruling like from 2004 when
they issued that this world is illegal
and this is must like and have been
destroyed and the land must be given
back to the people and comp compensated
the farmers Etc unfortunately this this
decision didn't have any implication
officially given that the present
situation and what's happening in Gaza I
think it became a huge question mark on
the whole set of what so called the
international law it's controlled by
this this colonial powers that the
United States the Europe that they can
adapt it with their own their interests
and benefits I think what distinguish
the Palestinians is the survival
capacity the fact that they are trying
to live no matter what the at
how the atrocity is Big so even with the
world they try still to to live in our
minds and in our
conscience this is not finished it's not
we are not
defeated make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer