in much of the United States there may
be penalties if you decide to boycott
the state of Israel it's perhaps the
most concrete form of a foreign
government's interference with the US's
Democratic process that I'm aware of 37
US states have enacted some form of
anti-boycott divestment sanctions or BDS
legislation it typically requires
parties signing contracts with the state
government not to engage in a boycott of
Israel you need to apply for such a
contract I had to sign first sign a
pledge uh saying that I I would not
boycott Israel or not only Israel get
this Israel or any territory it controls
thank you everybody sakab Ali a former
member of the Maryland house of
delegates sued the state in 2019 with
the Council on American Islamic
relations after the Republican Governor
at the time signed an anti-bds executive
order governor and Attorney General of
Maryland violated my civil rights
you're signing under penalty of perjury
that you're not boycotting Israel it may
not be enforced it may not be prosecuted
but you run the risk of being convicted
of uh a serious crime and you can go to
jail the case was ultimately dismissed
on a technicality meaning the court did
not rule on the actual constitutionality
of the matter because I didn't apply for
a contract and I wasn't denied a
contract that I did not have standing to
sue so somebody else might there have
been several courts across the United
States that have reached the most
important question here does the
Constitution does the First Amendment
forbid uh States the federal government
from uh passing laws that Target the
anti-bds movement I want to thank um all
Texans for the support in Texas a
federal court struck down the entirety
of a Texas law after our client beia
amoi was asked to sign a contract that
asked her to promise Israel to promise
Israel that she wouldn't boycott but the
state simply passed a new law that
applies to companies instead of
individuals um even when the laws allow
for free speech there needs to be a a
social climate that allows folks to
freely Express their views but two
months into heighten tensions and
rhetoric surrounding the Israel Hamas
war that climate may not be now yes me
alab trt world Washington