okay hello everyone I hope you're doing
well the chemistry lab of beate
University in ramala the majority of the
class is young women enrolled in one of
the West Bank's most prestigious courses
which has seen a drop in the number of
male
[Music]
students there are no jobs for men in
this sector that will allow them to have
sufficient income to support their
family a teacher in a public School
receives a maximum of $700
$700 our society does not allow him to
support his
family after her studies Shada hopes to
become a teacher but since the beginning
of the war between Israel and hamus
unemployment has soared to 30% in the
occupied West Bank even graduates with
the best grades struggle to find
work a lot of graduates are unemployed
and those who look for work in the
private sector find it very hard but
they have to keep going and look they'll
end up finding
something the University is also a
laboratory of Palestinian political
opinion its walls adored with the face
of Maran baruti the resistance leader
jailed for Murder by Israel for the past
22 years for many of these students he's
the only figure capable of uniting
Palestinians if he could take over from
Mahmud Abbas who's 88 years old Muhammad
has never had the chance to vote for a
leader haven't been any elections for
the Palestinian people since 2006 but
its University is totally different
every year there are student elections
held in a democratic atmosphere there is
Unity whether people are for fataa Hamas
Islamic Jihad or the popular front all
the Palestinian factions share one
objective the political situation in
pistan is getting worse and worse but
we're still here our aim is to encourage
everyone to participate young people the
elderly were all part of the same
society and we must act to defend our
cause mirroring West Bank Society these
students have lost confidence in the
Palestinian Authority and that's been
showing in the campus's ballot boxes for
the past three years the student faction
close to Hamas has won a majority in
student elections