classrooms used as firing positions and
schools turned into military bases
for weeks armed men controlled this
School Compound in lebanon's largest
camp for Palestinian refugees
Fierce factional fighting inside ainal
helvey that's outside the state's
control is now over the fighters have
left under a ceasefire deal but up to 11
000 children that's a quarter of
refugees school children can't start the
Academic Year
I want to return to school I miss my
teachers but my school has been
destroyed and the camp has been
destroyed tensions between Palestinian
groups and their struggle for power
plays out here the latest round of
violence killed tens of people and
caused substantial damage the ability of
the UN agency responsible for the care
of Palestinian refugees is under
Financial strain it says it has to
prioritize with its limited budget we
are now preparing three schools which
are just at the entrances of the camp in
50 meters walking distance to operate on
a double shift to host these children
for the coming months the agency has
been hosting hundreds of families
displaced by the fighting in other
schools Palestinians were living in
poverty before the latest crisis
us Palestinians have a difficult life
here and now our homes have been
destroyed honorwa says there's only so
much help it can provide and it was
already struggling to provide services
before this emergency
for many of these families this is not
the first time they've been displaced
Palestinian refugee camps in Lebanon
have a long history of conflict due to
the involvement of foreign and domestic
actors the latest agreement aims to
consolidate the ceasefire by expanding a
joint security force that includes all
factions but many fear it won't be
enough zanekuder al-jazeera Southern
Lebanon
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al Jazeera