the moment Israelis were waiting for 13
captives finally arrived back safely the
result of a ceasefire deal that's been
weeks in the making the youngest to be
released from captivity in Gaza aged
just two the oldest 85 all but one were
taken from the same Southern Village of
near Oz on October 7th it was a complex
operation Hamas first handed them over
to the Red Cross in Gaza they were then
taken into Egypt where they were met by
a specialist Israeli force and medical
experts as this was unfolding news of 12
more captives released came as a
surprise 11 Thai Nationals and one
Filipino all said to have been working
in Israel on October
7 they were all flown to Israeli
hospitals for checkups and many to be
reunited with their
families at the start of the war Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said
there would be no negotiations with
Hamas but as he watched it all from Tel
Aviv he had this to
say each and every one of them is a
whole world but I emphasize to the
families and to you the citizens of
Israel were committed to the return of
all our hostages this is one of the
goals of the
[Music]
war just across the street from where he
was speaking and what has become known
hostage Square where relatives of those
held captive have been camped for nearly
50 days the mood soon changed to one of
Jubilation even if
temporary but for some of the relatives
and Friends of the remaining 212
captives still in Gaza the wait isn't
over having my grandmother back that's
an amazing thing having uh knowing my
grandfather is still there that's a
devastating thing and knowing that uh I
hope big part of the
75 members of kibuts neros will be
released
hallu however it's hopes and prayers
many have told us that's helping them
through a difficult
time familiar songs in unfamiliar times
but a sigh of relief not just for the
families of those that are held captive
but also for all of Israelis that have
been following every step of this
ceasefire the release of the captives
happened at Sunset around the same time
the Jewish day of rest started and
Shabbat candles were lit for the ones
remaining
behind s Al jazer Tel
Aviv make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer