an explosion was reported off Yemen's
Coast on Thursday no casualties have
been reported in this attack so far now
the explosion happened near a vessel
west of the port city of Heda it was
reported by the United Kingdom Maritime
trade operations agency the blast was
followed by a volley of missile strikes
by the Iran backed houis which invited
retaliatory strikes by the US and United
Kingdom in a separate attack a maritime
security firm Ambry said that a missile
was fired from Yemen and it hit a
merchant wressle early on Thursday this
after the United States targeted 10
attack drones and a ground station
controlled by houthi rebels us defense
secretary Lloyd Austin has said that
this is a dangerous move Moment In The
West Asian
region but the hooes uh I mean their
activity needs to come to a halt and we
would call upon Iran to uh to quit or to
cease supplying the houes with uh with
these Advanced Conventional Weapons that
they've used to attack ships and the in
the Red Sea in the bab El
manb US forces also destroyed a houi
surface to a missile on Wednesday which
posed an imminent threat to its aircraft
and this came after houti Rebels said
that they fired missiles at a US ship
Koy in the Gulf of Aiden since the month
of November houis have been hitting
Israel linked vessels and other vessels
in the Red Sea in order to stop Israel's
war against Hamas Pentagon says huis
have launched over 30 attacks on
commercial shipping and Naval vessels
since the 19th of November the United
States has also set up a multinational
Naval task force to help protect Red Sea
shipping from repeated houthi attacks
the key Maritime route carries up to 12%
of global trade in addition Washington
also redesignated hes as a terrorist
organization in
January