[Music]
Sirens Blair to announce the arrival of
food in Gaza City and desperate
Palestinians come running they clutch
tightly to their bags of flour and
listen to the cheers as an airdrop of
more humanitarian Aid floats to the
ground but not all go smoothly
Distributing the aid once it lands is
very tricky and for the moment the US is
airdropping ready to eat
meals they dropped cooked food we don't
want that we want bread we want bread to
feed
the famine developing particularly in
Northern Gaza is becoming as deadly as
the Israeli air strikes this pop-up
Street Kitchen attracted a long line of
Desperately hungry
people we're hungry people and you have
to feed us we want peace we have nothing
to do with the war we have no relations
with political parties we're innocent
civilians who are victims of the war
Hamas says it's willing to continue
negotiations to reach a ceasefire deal
and that it's shown flexibility in
trying to reach an agreement there is a
six- we proposal on the table now and
the US state department says a deal is
still reachable despite a deadlock over
demands by Israel for more information
on the roughly 100 remaining hostages
held by Hamas this a fair question to
Hamas to show you that they can actually
deliver on that deal and show you who
those hostages are and confirm that they
are alive and confirm their status but
the suffering in Gaza has reached
catastrophic levels according to the
United Nations which provided an update
on the conditions humanitarian Aid
deliveries to Gaza in February were half
the amount they were in January and in
Rafa the combination of poor sanitation
lack of food and violence against women
in the tent camps has created awful
conditions for over a million people
even before a possible ground assault in
the coming days the challenges are we
don't have an adequate supply chain and
were not able to preposition supplies in
the event of a military incursion and if
hundreds of thousands which we expect to
be the case would have to move there are
no easy options where people would go to
and still the fighting goes on more than
a dozen people were killed in air
strikes targeting day albala and the
nerat camp in central Gaza on Wednesday
a ceasefire deal for them is now far too
late Andy Rosen trt world