they are the faces of just some of the
dozens who are still missing from
infants to the elderly 5 days on their
fate is still unknown for relatives like
Noam a British Israeli it is an
agonizing weight his mother is among
those who are taken it's very very very
hard and we hope for good news every
every moment every phone you know I'm
jumping like a lion and she was supposed
to come here just now today to celebrate
her 75th birthday we're supposed to go
all of us together to Devon and spend
some time in a place that she loves so
much she consider that a second home for
her and it's not
happening his pain was made worse by
seeing this the kidnappers approaching
his mother's home in footage they shared
online her car could also be seen on
fire but where others mourn their loved
ones Noam counts himself lucky compared
to a lot of my friends who who have
their parents their daughters their sons
their brothers and sisters uh confirmed
dead butchered slaughtered so I have the
luxury to worry because at least that
you know there is hope in
that at a press conference in London he
appealed for the hostages safe release
alongside Sheron lifshits she's missing
both her parents whose home was left
ransacked they're in their 80s and
require medication without it she fears
they won't survive I'm petrified and
horrified and at the same time I know
they're strong and I you know I
it's I don't know I I I have thrown
myself into trying to release them I
cannot sit back I cannot look at the
media I cannot do all these things I can
just fight to show the time so maybe
there is a chance the atrocities
happened more than 2,000 miles from here
but it's clear their impact is no less
acute for those it effects Iva Bennett
Sky News in London