so as we continue with our rolling
coverage of the Israel Hamas conflict
let's also get you the live visuals from
the Gaza Strip at this moment this is
what the Gaza skyline looks like at this
moment there is already an explosive
that has been dropped by the Israeli war
planes you can look at the smoke that's
rising in the Gaza Skyline and each of
these explosives that are being dropped
by the Israeli war planes are set to
measure at least about 1,000 kg of
explosives that is being
dropped in an
area that is described as arguably the
most densely populated region anywhere
in the world the Gaza Strip remember is
not a large span of an area it's a tiny
strip of land smaller than a lot of the
big metropolitan cities around the world
and this intense bombing rate that is
being carried out by last count more
than 1,500 massive explosives have been
dropped by the isra war planes on the
Palestinian Gaza Strip and even as we
speak there are at least about 300,000
Israeli soldiers who are being amassed
around the Gaza Strip in preparation of
a ground incursion by the
Israelis so the time in Gaza at this
moment is
9:47 in the morning this is what the
skyline looks like there have been
several bombs that have been dropped by
the Israeli war planes as part of this
Relentless campaign of air raid that
Israel continues to carry for this is
day four of the conflict and since
Saturday afternoon because the Israelis
were caught completely off off guard so
for the first 6 to 7 hours it took the
Israelis some time to even grasp what
was happening but since then there's
been a Relentless campaign of Air Raids
and bombings that have been carried out
by the Israelis that the Hamas Fighters
This Moment
the death toll it's it's it's crossed
1500 and this is the death toll of the
Israelis and the Palestinians combined
and the possibility that this conflict
could of course spread into other
regions is very
real Von is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the move