meanwhile a ship attacked by Yemen's
houis has sunk in the Red Sea it is the
first vessel to be fully destroyed as a
part of the campaign over the ongoing
Israel Hamas War a senior houti leader
said that he held UK prime minister
Rishi sonak and his government
responsible for the sinking of the UK
owned ruim Mar he added that sonak has a
chance to recover the rubemar by
allowing a trucks into Gaza Yemen's
government has sounded the alarm of an
environmental catastrophe unfolding in
the Red Sea due to the sinking of the
ship carrying more than 41,000 tons of
fertilizer more details coming up in the
next report take a
look this cargo ship the ruar has now
sunk after it was attacked by the
houthis last month according to Yemen's
internationally recognized government on
Saturday it verified it would be the
first vessel lost since houthi militants
began targeting commercial shipping in
November a government statement said the
ship sank in the southern Red Sea on
Friday night and warned of an
environmental catastrophe the ship was
carrying more than 41,000 tons of
fertilizer when it came under attack the
US military Central Command has
said the houthis say they are acting in
solidarity with Palestinians in Gaza on
Monday a yemeni government team visited
the rubar a bise flagged uk-owned cargo
ship and said it was partially submerged
and could sink within a couple of days
the US military previously said the
attack had significantly damaged the
freighter and caused an 18m oil slick Hy
attacks have prompted shipping firms to
divert vessels onto the longer more
expensive route around southern
Africa they have also stoked fears that
the Israel Hamas War could spread
destabilizing the wider Middle East the
United States and Britain began striking
houthi Targets in Yemen in January in
retaliation for the attacks on shipping
in the Red Sea Babble Mand upstraight
and golf of
[Music]
Aiden