let me very quickly uh at this moment go
across to Lev Aran uh he's a journalist
who is joining us uh uh at this moment
from Tel Aviv Le thank you so much for
speaking to us here on NDTV uh I first
want to understand from you uh till
yesterday night there were continuous
Sirens because of the rocket strikes in
Israel many citizens still having to
take shelter uh you know in uh in
bunkers what is the situation at this
moment within the boundaries of
Israel okay I apologize can answer only
this question and then I need to run
sure I think situation today is
different yesterday we were shocked and
humiliated we had no strategy our
intelligence has failed now we are
mainly concerned with the question do we
have a war only against Hamas or also a
war with his balah which is a proxy of
Iran and once we understand this I think
our strategy will be much
clearer I think we are out of the shock
situation but we are in deep grief
because yesterday we did not understand
that there is like about more than 600
dead Israelis in this
front Le I know you have to run because
you are engaged but may I just very
quickly just you know engage you for
those 30 more seconds and just expand on
the point that you made in the beginning
uh because Israel is known for its uh
you know Counter Intelligence the kind
of uh mechanisms that you have uh is
there already thought process which has
started about what went wrong and how
could uh Israeli intelligence a agencies
miss out on such a big mobilization by
Hamas it was a big failure the only
reason that we don't delve into this
failure right now is because we need
unity and once we delve into the failure
we will have to
punish those who made a mistake so right
now we are not there we are only into
being United against Hamas absolutely
that's very very important right now the
time is to strike back thank you so much
Lev for joining us and giving us your
perspective and time on this