Global political and business Elites are
gathering once again in Davos the Swiss
ski resort hosts the annual meeting of
the world economic Forum US Secretary of
State Anthony blinkin and French
president Emanuel macron are among those
expected alongside thousands of Business
Leaders but the meeting has rarely faced
a more tense or complex backdrop with
talks to you on how to end Wars in
Ukraine and Gaza one focus is whether
Ukrainian president vadir zalinski will
meet Chinese Premier Lee Chang during
the event on Sunday Ukraine presidential
Chief of Staff Andre ych remained
hopeful I I didn't see the final
schedule of the meetings of the
presidents we know that the Prime
Minister of China will be as well here
let's see zalinski will speak in Davos
later in the week as for Gaza the White
House says blinken will bring together
key players that includes Israel's
president and the leaders of Qatar and
the United Arab Emirates countries that
have emerged as power Brokers in the
region it all overshadows the usual
economic themes at Davos though they too
look unusually complex on the agenda
will be the future for interest rates
and the world's mounting pile of debt a
keenly awaited debut will be made by
Argentina's new president Javier mle
voted in on a promise of sweeping
economic reforms but one fig are looming
large at Davos won't actually be there
Donald Trump was the star attraction in
some previous years oh no I have great
confidence in the Senate but is staying
away this time to focus on his
reelection bid he didn't even get a
mention in the W's annual Global risks
report published each year ahead of
Davos but the possibility that he might
win and the consequences that might have
are very much on the unofficial
agenda