[Music]
you
as President Biden Biden announced last
evening the Department of Defense will
undertake an emergency mission to
establish a temporary peer in Gaza
working alongside like-minded countries
and partners jots is a unique capability
maintained by the Department of Defense
whereby US Army and US Navy forces are
organized trained and equipped to
conduct joint ship-to-shore operations
where fixed Port facilities are
inadequate or
unavailable simply put they'll establish
a temporary offshore Maritime Pier that
allows for shipping vessels to transfer
cargo to smaller vessels to transport
and offload cargo to a temporary
Causeway for the delivery of
humanitarian Aid to
Gaza the concept that is being planned
involves the presence of US military
personnel on Military vessels offshore
but does not require US military
personnel to go ashore in terms of
security on the ground we're continuing
to plan and coordinate with Partners in
the region and as for Aid distribution
we'll have more details in the future
but we are coordinating with Ally and
partner Nations the UN and humanitarian
NOS on the way ahead for distribution of
assistance into Gaza finally in terms of
timing we're working to set this up as
quickly as possible but we expect that
it will take several weeks to plan and
execute once operational the actual
amount of Aid delivered will depend on
many variables and will likely scale
Over time however we expect that
deliveries via J Lots could provide more
than 2 million meals to the citizens of
Gaza per
day
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
I
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
ni
l
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
be
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
all
[Music]
[Music]
f