Israeli ground troops near the border
with Gaza keeping their distance for now
but this war with Hamas is already
approaching a moment of Maximum Peril as
the civilian death toll from Israel's
aerial bombardments grows world leaders
are
mobilizing Germany's chancellor with the
prime minister in a show of support and
also a sign of concern that Iran May
seek to exploit the crisis I was
explicitly I warn no actor should think
it is a good idea to intervene now in
this conflict from the outside it would
be a grave and unforgivable mistake the
US is sending an even blunter warning
with more warships Bound for the region
Joe Biden also on Route and possibly
Britain's prime minister but Iran a
sponsor of Hamas is also testing its
influence when it comes to
Gaza
if this crime continues Muslims and
resistance forces will be impatient and
nobody will be able to stop them the
high stakes are likely why Israel's
ground forces are in more of a holding
pattern than a rush to advance what is
changing is things like the diplomacy
with the US president due to arrive here
soon there's also growing concern about
the mounting humanitarian crisis in Gaza
and alarm about the potential for the
conflict here to ignite a regional War
another major complication is the fate
of at least 199 hostages including
babies taken from Israel into Gaza by
Hamas militants during their October the
7th attack one mother spoke of the
relief she felt at seeing a hostage
video showing her daughter was alive
followed by a feeling of pain only a
parent could understand understand and I
looked at this film I just wanted to die
because I saw my
baby that she's hurt and that she's in
pain that she
suffers and that she's very very
afraid and that she's
alone I saw it in her eyes I saw her
like like she's 2 years old I saw this
baby crying for her
mother it was terrible really it is
terrible and it could be about to get
even worse Deborah Haynes Sky News
Southern
Israel