the first US airdrop of desperately
needed food to the people in Gaza ABC's
Tom Sufi burd joins us live from
Jerusalem with the latest good morning
to you
Tom good morning J yeah the first US
airdrop completed but us officials
planning more saying they are also
pressuring Israel to open more Crossing
points for a trucks into Gaza as Aid
agencies warn of a potential famine
there this morning us airdrops of food
in into Gaza now underway bundles
containing 38,000 ready to eat meals
parachuting into the strip where half a
million people are on the verge of
famine says the UN and some children are
starving to
death this weekend the desperation for
food all too clear with a mass of people
converging on an a truck in Northern
Gaza us officials calling the need in
the north absolutely critical suggesting
Gaza should be flooded with aid from all
possible routs
eight agencies questioning the
efficiency of those airdrops on the
ground garans racing together
supplies with this man saying it's not
enough for one
family another man angrily shouting
accusing the US of trying to buy
people's silence saying it's part of the
crime against Gaza the American airdrops
coming days after Israeli troops opened
fire near a convoy of a trucks Israeli
officials saying their soldiers were
threatened and most of those killed were
crushed in the chaos but this un Mission
visiting a nearby hospital saying a
large number of the injured had gunshot
wounds we have seen people with gunshot
wounds you have seen utees uh and we
have seen uh children as young as 12
that were
injured well Israel insisting it is
working to get more Aid into Gaza but
adding it wants to keep supplies away
from Hamas and a top Israeli official
telling me just now there is still no
breakthrough in those negotiations to
get a ceasefire and the release of more
hostages Gio still no breakthrough all
right Tom thank you for your
reporting hi everyone George
Stephanopoulos here thanks for checking
out the ABC News YouTube channel if
you'd like to get more videos show
highlights and watch live event coverage
click on the right over here to
subscribe to our Channel and don't
forget to download the ABC News app for
breaking news alerts thanks for
watching