the former French foreign minister has
completed a long-awaited independent
review of the un's agency for
Palestinian refugees Catherine Kona
found that Israel has yet to back up its
claim that 12 unra staff had ties to
Hamas the report did find more needed to
be done to improve the agency's
neutrality for more on the story here is
Jessica Lura reporting from New
York Israel has still not provided
evidence for its allegations that staff
members with the UN Agency for
Palestinian refugees or unra are
associated with Hamas that's according
to a review of the agency's neutrality
that was released on Monday this review
was conducted by France's former foreign
minister Kathleen Kona and it could
prompt some donor countries to lift
funding freezes imposed after those
Israeli allegations against Duna now
Cola said that she had maintained good
relations with Israel and appealed to
Israel to take on board the
recommendations in the report the report
identifies eight areas where and work
could improve including management
internal oversight and education and it
says that there are some systems already
in place to ensure neutrality but these
could also be
improved I think the main message is
that unre and indispensable
Irreplaceable and a vital role for
millions of
people and we need to help this agency
which is working in sensitive and
difficult circumstances achieve its
Mission we need to help it deal with
hardship and Implement reforms when
necessary and we outlined 50
recommendations to help it move
forward an Israeli foreign Ministry
spokesperson said on Monday that cola's
report was insufficient and an effort to
avoid the problem well un Secretary
General Antonio gues has accepted cola's
recommendations and is calling on all
countries to actively support Ona he
called Ona a Lifeline for Palestinian
refugees in the region