[Music]
another funeral to honor another death
in Gaza this is bigger than most
volunteer medic rosin al-najjar was shot
while helping an injured demonstrator
she was killed in protests that have
been held every Friday for two months
along the Gaza Israel border
Palestinians are demanding a right to
return to properties lost when the State
of Israel was found the protests have
led to more than a hundred and twenty
people being killed by the Israeli army
on Friday a medic with Gaza's Health
Ministry was seen working near the
border in communist later she was filmed
being carried away shot in the chest by
an Israeli soldier she died in hospital
until today 244 from Borah medics they
are injured but today we are speaking
about female paramedic volunteer was
Percy America Relief Society of course
Israeli army they continue their
violation against not only the paramedic
against only Poli and against all
Palestinians people especially the
civilian vehicles
Naja's body was carried from her home to
a mosque in communist thousands of
mourners packed the streets
more than a hundred people were injured
at the san Eunice border just on Friday
but this funeral upset many Palestinians
from several different factions
Dodge's body was carried shoulder high
after the funeral service and
taken to the local cemetery it's one of
the largest funerals that's taken place
during the last two months one of the
best attended and a lot of the medical
staff has been working along the border
also came because one of their own was
shot on the day Naja died an Israeli
army spokesman said one of its vehicles
came under fire and a Palestinian who
breached the border fence in northern
Gaza planted a grenade that exploded
soldiers use what's called riot
dispersal tactics against the protesters
and say live fire is used in accordance
with Israeli army regulations many
questioned why live ammunition is used
against mostly unarmed protesters and
why Nadja was killed while trying to
help others yellow up david trt world
communist
[Music]
you