W to supporting one specific Community
crossed the line into inciting hate
toward another nerves are on edge amid
daily protests by groups supporting both
Israelis and Palestinians with some
expressing fear over what they're
witnessing on the streets people feel
that they're under siege people feel
that uh there are expressions that put
them in danger while Canadians have the
right to gather and express their views
things can escalate quickly when people
begin to feel their safety is in
Jeopardy especially young people who are
being bullied who are being harassed um
who are being asked to remove an article
of clothing that is thousands of years
old that has so much meaning beyond what
is currently happening in the Middle
East on its website the tral Police
Service provides definitions for a hate
crime a hate incident and hate
propaganda which includes the public
incitement of hatred an offense
committed when a person communicates
statements in a public place and incites
hatred against an identifiable group
likely to lead to a breach of the peace
it's also committed when someone
communicates statements that willfully
promote hatred against any identifiable
group the idea is that we have decided
that we're prepared to accept a certain
amount of speech that we just may not
like in order to live in a free and
Democratic Society so the definition of
hate speech really has to involve um in
setting actual hatred uh against
identifiable group even in the case of
some of our our Palestinian community
members they're feeling targeted simply
for expressing their culture or
religious values the center for Israel
and Jewish Affairs points to this symbol
found spray painted on walls and garbage
bins in a handful of Toronto
neighborhoods as an expression of hate
speech it Associates the concept of
Palestine being bloodied by Israel Jews
it's hate speech Police Services across
Canada and here in Toronto have said
they will not tolerate any acts of
violence or expressions of hate Karen
liberman Global
News