Israel is ordered for an offensive in
gaza's Southernmost city of Rafa Israel
is drawing up plans it says to evacuate
these are its words to evacuate over a
million civilians from Rafa Aid agencies
have wonn the task at hand is simply
impossible Hamas has said that this
attack on Rafa by Israel could
potentially result in tens of thousands
of
Debs but the Israeli wartime prime
minister said that in order to achieve
total Victory on Hamas an attack on Rafa
is necessary our next Point get you more
details this is Rafa located in gaza's
southern region the city is currently
housing around 1.3 million Palestinians
cramped in smaller
spaces this is the last refuge for
displaced Palestinians and it is now
going to become the target of Israel's
offensive overnight strikes hit aa's
most populous
city Rafa is where gazin have fled to
after several rounds of evacuations d
them from north to south it is also the
entry point for much needed relief
supplies for
gazin at this point gazin have only one
question in mind where to go
now
Israel says Rafa has become the Bastion
of Hamas militants prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered his
troops to prepare to charge into the
city plans are being drawn for
evacuating civilians from Rafa this is
after the wartime leader rejected
hamas's proposal and insisted on
achieving total victory on the militant
group conditions are already miserable
here there's panic and fear on the
ground
Yahoo's decision has drawn condemnation
from Western
leaders Washington says it will not back
Israel's Rafa offensive while adding
that the step could be a
disaster United Nations Chief says the
operation could exponentially increase
the humanitarian nightmare unfolding in
Gaza Saudi Arabia has also won of a
humanitarian
catastrophe day by day pressure is
mounting on the Israeli Prime Minister
but he remains adamant and his stance is
seemingly hurting Israel ratings agency
Moody downgraded the country's credit
rating this is for the first time Israel
has to face the
ignominy
clearly the mood seems to be changing
against Israel but will the Israeli
Prime Minister change his
strategy buo report weon world is one
weon is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move