today uh we're told that 400 will be
Crossing into Egypt that's the second uh
group uh an hour ago we've seen a uh a
number of them uh take on the bus from
the Palestinian side to cross into Egypt
U maybe around 50 um the 400 will
probably be fcking in in the next um uh
few hours uh no injury no more
casualties have been seen today palan
casualties uh we've seen some uh uh
bites or or people from there really
trying to to go back to Egypt as quickly
as possible and you bought some a couple
of uh foreigners or Egyptians half
Egyptians who who have uh been trying to
cross into Egypt well Egypt said it's
it's a process that will take time there
7,000 who are waiting to cross their
foreigners and uh it's understandable
they're very nervous I spoke to one of
them who has actually uh crossed into
Egypt yesterday she's from Finland and
she told me about horror stories going
on in Gaza which she had to face with
her children and even uh people getting
killed her car on the way to the Border
when she was going to the border to to
manage to cross there it was a convoy of
cars and the cars next to her were shot
by Israeli rockets and and they all died
and she said it was just a split second
away that she would been the one who was
a victim so it's understandable there
the government says that they want to
cross but it there are a lot of
logistics uh concerning verification of
those who want to cross the passports
there are diplomats from the 60
countries that those foreigners are
coming from they're all now inish or
many of them are inish sitting with
Egyptian officials to verify the
passports to give them the request and
the permit to uh come into Egypt uh
those many of them will fly right away
to their countries ones who wants to
stay in Egypt they have to apply for a
Visa to stay so there is a lot of J
7,000 will not pass by across in a few
days will take much
longer