the Israel's national security minister
itamar bengware from the ultra
nationalist otsma yehudit party has
caused a huge controversy across the
state of Israel with his latest comments
where he said that the right to life for
Jewish people in Israel comes before the
right to freedom of movement
for the Arabs and our correspondent Dory
Cohen who's been tracking the story very
closely for his his centers at this
point take a look
speaking to Israeli media Ben gavier
sparked controversy when he said that
my right the right of my wife of my
children to move around on the roads in
the West Bank is more important than the
right to freedom of movement of the
Arabs this is the reality this is the
truth my right to life precedes their
right to freedom of movement
when asked about the government's
failure to fight Terror bengaver
suggested that the previous Coalition
headed by yair lapid and Natalie Bennett
were Partners in Terror attacks because
they were in governments with the
islamist ram party
he also took aim at the current defense
minister Joel Gallant who is considered
more Centrist saying that while he
trusts the Prime Minister galante needs
to change the picture to combat the
violence
analyst Mohammed magadli posted a clip
from benga Bear's interview on social
media to which the minister responded I
have no intention of apologizing to you
the right of the settlers to live and
not be murdered outweighs the right of
movement of the Arabs in Judea and
Samaria
the Israeli government is facing
criticism for the largest wave in Terror
attacks against civilians in years since
the weekend an Israeli Father and Son of
Indian origin and an Israeli woman was
shot dead by Palestinians in two
separate incidents another Israeli man's
car was set on fire as he mistakenly
drove into a West Bank Town the
Palestinian Authority too is facing
criticism by Hamas and other armed
groups for a record number of
Palestinian deaths mostly of gunmen but
also of bystanders as the Israel Defense
Forces search for and arrest suspects
with no peace process incites the
tensions and the violence continue this
is Jody Cohen for we on world as one
Beyond is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move