for years turquia has been a friend to
the Palestinians and shortly after the
current crisis in Gaza erupted it was
quick to send Aid multiple Turkish
planes have been sent to Egypt
containing medical supplies food and
blankets for Gaza the Turkish Defense
Ministry is collaborating With Disaster
management agency afad and the Turkish
red crescent to provide Aid the aid is
supposed to enter Gaza through the Rafa
border crossing with Egypt but it has
not yet been able to
pass Turkish foreign minister hakan
fidan recently visited Egypt and
discussed with his counterpart how to
facilitate Aid
flows we discussed with Mr Shocker the
methods of delivering emergency
humanitarian Aid to Gaza which our
President also discussed as a matter of
fact our planes carrying emergency aid
materials have arrived at El arish
airports we are also evaluating issues
such as the possible evacuation of
citizens and injured people and the
establishment of a hospital to serve the
region Israel's Siege of Gaza has seen
electricity water and Food Supplies cut
making an already bad humanitarian
situation much
worse Turkish president Reb T erdogan
strongly condemned Israel's
actions I'm calling out to the whole
world cutting off electricity water fuel
and food for 2 million people stuck in
360 Square kilm
is a violation of the most basic human
rights we sent a humanitarian Aid plane
to Elish airport this morning which
includes medicine food diapers water and
medical
supplies the alad presidency is
continuing its preparations for the
shipment of further Aid materials to the
region more than a million Palestinians
have been displaced and thousands killed
since the crisis started on October 7
Egypt and Israel agreed on Wednesday to
allow 20 trucks of Aid into Gaza but
that's a fraction of what's needed and
it has not yet entered the territory
humanitarian assistance needs to move
every day there 2 and A5 million people
that need assistance 20 trucks is a drop
in the ocean of need right now in Gaza
the Turkish Health Minister said his
country was ready to provide extensive
medical assistance and was cooperating
with the World Health Organization with
the situation in Gaza deteriorating fast
and Israel gearing up for a ground
offensive help is desperately
needed rert Stone trt
[Music]
World