they took my soul says alii the father
of eight is supposed to be the one
providing moral support for his family
but the killing of his youngest son
13-year-old Ramy has overwhelmed
him he broke his fast with us and then
went out to the mosque to pray with his
brother after they came home he was
playing outside with his friends I heard
sounds of gunshots then I heard him
calling his mother and the sound of the
bullet Ali heard loud voices and ran out
of the house and saw his son lying face
down on the
ground I thought the Army had fired
rubber bullets at him his back was
swollen my other son was next to me and
he told me that it seemed that Ramy had
been killed when I turned him over on
his back I found a large hole in his
chest this was bigger than a bullet in a
video of the incident circulating on
social media Ramy can be seen apparently
holding a firework but not presenting
any threat to Israeli soldiers he was
shot in the chest on the same night four
other Palestinian teenagers were killed
all seemingly by wounds from military
assault
rifles targeting and killing children is
done intentionally to plant fear in the
hearts of other children so that they
will not do anything against the
occupation they targeting children
they're targeting the future of the
Palestinian people it's like killing the
future in the past five months it's
become far more dangerous and far more
deadly to be a child in the occupied
Palestinian territories with more than
100 killed there since the start of the
war in Gaza the Israeli Army has skipped
ramy's body so they can conduct their
own autopsy According to Islamic custom
his family wants to bury their son
quickly but the military has reportedly
said handing over the body is
conditional on the family agreeing to
only a small number of attendees at the
funeral ramy's family are waiting for
their son's body to be delivered so they
can lay him to rest but they are
consumed with the same questions as so
many Palestinian families before them
why Ry had to go so soon and what it
will take for the world to do something
to stop the killing of Palestinian
children Muhammad Alim trt World shaat
refugee camp occupied East
Jerusalem