before the recent violence between Hamas
and Israel turkey was set to fully
normalize ties with Israel the two
countries had appointed ambassadors in
2022 and Turkish president Reep Ty
ardogan was expecting to host Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin netan this
fall following hamas's unprecedented
attacks on Israel on October 7th and
Israel's retaliations anara had
initially called for a deescalation of
violence as the fighting intensified
anra proposed to establish a guarant
system to help resolve the Israeli
Palestinian conflict because of its ties
to both Hamas and the Israeli government
but on October 25th Aran made the
following statement on Hamas which some
analysts say changes ankara's
[Applause]
position Hamas is not a terrorist
organization but a Liberation group a
group of muj that is fighting to protect
his soil and his
[Applause]
citizens I think from Israel's
perspective any lingering hopes that
turkey could act as an intermediary just
disappeared with that statement I don't
think they were very realistic anyway
but with that statement they just
appeared edine saying he's supporting
one side and you you don't um Be an
Effective intermediary if you're
supporting one son erdogan's statement
supporting Hamas was welcomed by his
domestic supporters but wholeheartedly
rejected by the Israeli government
erdogan who had planned to visit Israel
cancelled his trip as did the Turkish
energy Minister who was set to discuss
energy cooperation in the Eastern
Mediterranean with Israeli officials
it's very difficult for erogan
domestically to push forward with any
reproach with Israel at the same time as
you have um Israeli bombardment of Gaza
and it's also very difficult for the
Israelis to push forward for any repman
with turkey while you have erogan saying
Hamas is not a terrorist organization
well it's Massac hundreds of people
hundreds of
Islams since the violence erupted many
Pro Palestinian protests have been
taking place across turkey especially in
front of the Israeli and Us consulates
in Istanbul Israel has since called back
all of its diplomats from the country in
fear of potential security threats mavid
cgtn
Istanbul