this pomegranate harvest in Israel's Kut
Sora Orchard about 20 km west of
Jerusalem could have been lost if a
group of volunteers hadn't answered a
farmer's plea for help Israel closed its
borders following the Hamas October
attack disrupting the supply of
Palestinian workers that Orchard manager
Assaf tsur relied on to harvest his
crops we usually work with the
Palestinians workers I you know we work
with them for many many years and
unfortunately they can't cost the Border
know so uh we're quite helpless and uh
it was you know really confusing times
fearing the pomegranates would rot he
put out a call for help on social media
and we just asked the public we just
published it and we said well we have a
tremendous problem uh we don't know how
we going to pick it and um and we were
really surprised and really really
excited that that so many uh people all
around Israel just came and asked us to
to help us Inbal elz is among the
volunteers who turned up to save the
crop I look for places where I can
contribute my friend lives here on the
kibuts and she told me there is a need
for workers that's what I do now on my
days off I've been to other food fruit
and vegetable collection centers to save
them because they have been left without
workers in the wake of the October 7th
attacks many foreign workers left the
country and Palestinian laborers are
being refused entry affecting their
livelihood that's something sure deeply
laments we got a touch you know we
working with them for many years and I
know the families I know they know mine
and uh yeah sure we friends of course we
we are in touch
it's not a long-term solution but this
crop is saved and Israeli Farmers like T
are grateful to the many volunteers of
all ages who have stepped up to
help for Alejandra Ernesto in Sora
Israel Veronica VI vaa
news