we begin with a top story at the moment
Israeli military is considering plans to
invade Southern Lebanon and this while
risking further escalation in the
ongoing conflict with Hamas now despite
calls for restrain from Western allies
the Israel Defense Forces are planning
to push hasbullah forces North to the
symbolic Lani
River now the river holds a significance
due to a unc's fire resolution in 2006
and the resolution required the removal
of armed forces in Lebanon which is
north of the river however hesah has
still fortified the area and they have
Justified this by claiming Israel's
non-withdrawal from a disputed area in
the Goan
Heights now the two sides have been
exchanging artillery and missile fire
since the start of the war in Gaza and
this has also raised concerns about the
conflict spreading further but these
concerns have been lowered by
hezbollah's leader Hassan NRA
he indicated a major offensive would
only occur if provoked by Israel or if
Hamas faced an overwhelming defeat on
the other hand IDF spokesperson
Lieutenant Colonel Jonathan has
emphasized that there is no returning to
the existing state of affairs and this
as the forces are already prepared and
plans for their Readiness have been
denied have been defined now Israeli
politicians and military strategists
also rejected an easy ceas fire with
Hezbollah and this has prompted a
discussion within Israel's war cabinet
on whether to launch a ground force or
not a decision which can prove to be
very crucial for Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin nanahu meanwhile there is an
ongoing internal debate within the war
cabinet on how seriously to take this
Hezbollah threat while some believe that
Hezbollah fears a political backlash in
Lebanon the IDF sees potential for
limited attacks in Northern Israel
[Music]