and now with Israel's Counter Strike and
the manner in which it is bombarding
what it calls the terror hideouts in
Gaza the offensive is escalating we are
being told in total apart from the
terror hideouts targeted 900
Palestinians approximately have died
lost their life including over 200
children 200 women too have been uh
killed remember for now this is as
Palestinians Health Ministry has given
out the statistic our Foreign Affairs
editor Gita Mohan is joining me on the
latest on that uh the situation looking
terrible for Gaza also the manner in
which of course Israel's retribution for
what was done to its people what are you
picking up about the current
offensive well uh it seems like uh the
the gazen people have Palestinians
living in Gaza uh are going to have a
very difficult times in the days to come
uh the death toll already has reached
900 including 260 children and 200 women
uh is what the pal Palestinian Health
Ministry has said in an official
statement uh they
happen and by the is forces there's a
plan to enter Gaza on foot as well uh
which which would uh deliver C of blow
to paltinum and it's not Hamas but also
civilians uh we are also being told and
given to understand that in the bombings
and air R the one route that
Palestinians would use to evacuate Gaza
which is what the warnings were from
Israel that evacuate Gaza before they
said bombing this was for the civilian
population is the Rafa Crossing with at
that TR and also the fact that uh
Palestinians have to uh register weeks
in advance to even uh move over cross
over from the Rafa uh pass and that
certainly is not going to happen this
time around so in many ways in one Puja
the civilians over there are stranded
are stucked within the Gaza Strip and
the bombings and Airways continue so uh
very difficult situation for people
within Gaza 2.2 million people of which
half of the population are uh consist of
children all right thank you so much for
now Gita moan on the latest on what's
happening in Gaza now