with the Islamic holy month of Ramadan
on the horizon and no ceasefire between
Israel and Hamas there's growing concern
that the conflict in the region could
worsen our Shel
reports the chances of the Israel hamus
conflict continuing into the hly month
of Ramadan without a CIS Fire have
increased with Ramadan set to begin on
March 11th the Islamic hly month could
potentially see an escalation in the
ongoing War Israel and hamama engaged in
talks last month with mediators from the
United States Qatar and Egypt regarding
AIS fire during Ramadan however these
talks reached an impass in Cairo Israel
was not present at those talks and cited
the absence of a list of hostages and
detes to be released by hamus as the
reason for its
non-participation hamus argued that
compiling such a list before a Seas fire
was unfeasible as hostages are scattered
throughout Gaza Strip and are are held
by various armed factions not solely by
hamus the two parties have also not
managed to narrow their differences on
several crucial issues Hamas is
demanding the withdrawal of Israeli
troops from Gaza and the initiation of
talks for a permanent this fire whereas
Israel insists on the dismantling of
Hamas and the rescue of hostages the
International Community is particularly
concerned about the all oxa mosque in
East Jerusalem which for a long time has
been a flesh point for tensions
traditionally this site has been
reserved for Muslim worship with Jewish
worshippers restricted to the Western
Wall in Jerusalem Old City while
non-muslims are usually allowed to visit
access is restricted during the last 10
days of Ramadan to prevent tensions
between Muslims and Jews these rules
however have often been disregarded
during Ramadan Palestinian residents and
Arab Israelis have frequently locked the
mosque doors demanding religious freedom
in response Israeli police have taken
actions citing the maintenance of public
order such actions have led to Violent
clashes escalating to Armed
confrontations between Israel and
Palestinian armed groups including Hamas
as Ramadan is set to commence tensions
are expected to escalate likely
worsening the situation in the region
Shin news