now in the latest from the Israel Hamas
War 24 hostages have been released by
Hamas and 39 prisoners have been
released by Israel as a part of a
temporary truce the second batch of
Israeli hostages is set to be released
today by Hamas and this will include 14
hostages while Israel would release
around 42 Palestinian prisoners in
return per the latest update Egypt has
received a list from of 14 hostages from
Hamas the war between Israel and Hamas
which has been raging for weeks finally
witness a few moments of Peace families
on both sides of the war are now
reuniting with their loved
ones the hostage swap was two-way the
hostages released Friday from Gaza
included 13 Israelis 10 Thai citizens
and one Filipino national as well Qatar
which is mediating the truth also said
that Qatar is hopeful that American
hostages will also be released and at
least four US citizens which include
women and children will be released soon
the Israeli Prime Minister Benin
Netanyahu reacted to the development
last night and welcom the hostages back
into the
[Music]
country
for a crowd of jubilant Israelis
welcomed children and women who were
held hostage by Hamas in Gaza for 49
days the hostages were transported by
helicopters to the Schneider Hospital in
central Israel the hostages upon entry
into Israel were subjected to a thorough
medical examination and the hostages
were declared to be healthy and
safe
another five women who were Hamas
hostages were transported aboard a
chopper to the Wolfson Medical Center in
Tel Aviv meanwhile Palestinians are
rejoicing the return of 39 prisoners
held in Israeli jails a massive crowd
gathered and cheered as prisoners
arrived in betunia town outside west
Banks ramala the release of the 39
prisoners is part of the TRU
Steam
[Music]
[Laughter]
for
essential Aid has also begun to flow
into the Gaza Strip after the truce came
into effect trucks loaded with
humanitarian Aid entered Gaza through
the Rafa border 137 trucks of goods had
been offloaded in Gaza making it the
biggest Convoy received since the 7th of
October
[Music]