they were in Gaza to feed people close
to starvation humanitarian Aid workers
from the international charity World
Central Kitchen but their lives were
ended like so many in Gaza by an air
strike on social media the founder of
world Central kitchen Chef Jose Andres
confirmed the loss of the colleagues he
called Angels he demanded the Israeli
government stop this indiscriminate
killing he said it needs to stop
restricting humanitarian Aid stop
killing civilians and Aid workers and
stop using food as a weapon no more
innocent lives
lost Witnesses said the aid workers were
in a convoy leaving Northern Gaza when
an Israeli Missile hit according to the
Gaza government media office those
killed included one Palestinian and
citizens of Poland the UK and
Australia Australia expects full
accountability for the deaths of Aid
workers uh which is completely
unacceptable the truth is that that this
is beyond uh Beyond any reasonable
circumstances someone going about
providing Aid and humanitarian
assistance uh should lose their life the
Israeli military said it would
investigate what it called a tragic
incident the killings came on the same
day an aid flotilla operated by World
Central kitchen and the Spanish charity
open arms landed in Gaza it's delivering
around 400 tons of desperately needed
food to besieged
Palestinians while Israel restricts the
entry of Aid trucks into Gaza deliveries
of Aid by sea and air have become a new
Lifeline but nowhere near enough food is
getting into The Enclave the entire
population of 2.3 million is facing
severe food shortages humanitarian
organizations say children are already
dying of malnutrition and the UN warns
fullscale fine is imminent