the massacre on Saturday was one of the
most horrific things that's been
experienced by any country in the world
certainly in recent years certainly not
in Israel before not in any European
country before and not even in the
United States of America even in light
of 911 this was not just killing it was
absolute brutality soaring people's
heads off uh kidnapping people dragging
them away into captiv ity in Gaza and
not only that but the terrorists who did
this some of the footage that won't have
been seen by the public show how much
they glorified what they're doing how
much they loved spilling Jewish blood so
it's it's it was absolute horror and if
any decent person I think would find it
revolting it was something like
equivalent to 10 or 15 911s if you
compare the population size in Israel to
the population size in the United States
and I don't think think anything like it
has been seen since uh the height of the
Islamic State brutality there have been
missiles fired uh into Gaza and
artillery I've watched an artillery
battery firing a fire mission into
against terrorists in Gaza yesterday um
and so far I believe the IDF operations
have been very successful they've
they've been working their way down a
Target list of terrorist leaders of
terrorist infrastructure communication
centers um bomb bomb dumps and missile
launchers and other parts of the
terrorist infrastructure uh and have
have I think caused quite significant
Devastation to Hamas terrorists now
unfortunately many civilians have also
died in this the reality is that
Hamas hide behind their civilian
population they use them as human
Shields they want them to be killed by
Israel in their counter attacks against
toas that's part of their agenda and and
and the fact is despite the effort
Israel takes which are very significant
to distinguish between civilian and
terrorist Targets in this circumstance
civilians are going to die you have a
choice you can either say well we'll
leave Hamas to fire rockets and and then
maybe in a couple of weeks time to have
another go across the border or you can
say we will destroy Hamas but
unfortunately civilians are going to die
in the
process