and the negotiation to extend the truce
deal between Hamas and Israel has come
under Fire this after Hamas said that
the youngest Israeli hostage a
10-month-old baby and his family they
have been killed according to a Hamas
official earlier an Israeli strike
killed baby kir Bas along with his
four-year-old brother arel and their
mother the family was a part of Israel's
most high-profile list of hostages held
by Hamas currently the Israeli officials
are assessing the accuracy of the claim
the father of the two children is also
held by the Hamas militant
group member of the baby's extended
family had pleaded with the Israeli
government and all foreign mediators for
the immediate release of his family take
a
listen we know that they are not on the
list of
today
and we have this last couple of
hours to try to to address Biden or
president CI from Egypt or somebody from
Qatar to understand that we are speaking
about 10 months old little baby and four
years old little boy is still a baby
himself and that they need to do
whatever they can to push and make sure
that they will be on this list
uh I I don't I don't see I don't know
where is where when when the the second
chance will
be in the latest Hamas has released two
women hostages who are Russians Hamas
says they release is a gesture of
appreciation for the position taken by
the Russian President Vladimir Putin in
the ongoing war between Israel and Hamas
meanwhile as a negotiation to extend
tru's deal continues to be the top
concern for the authorities Palestinian
officials reported raids by Israeli
forces in West Bank which includes the
brutal shooting of an 8-year-old boy and
a teenager on a street in central
Janine