there is mounting pressure for a
ceasefire in Gaza President Biden is
pushing for a deal but tonight an
adviser to Israeli Prime Minister
Netanyahu called hamas's demands
delusional earlier explosions and large
plumes of smoke were visible in Gaza as
the conflict between Israel and Hamas
now approaches its fifth month and the
humanitarian crisis is intensifying
ABC's Tom Sufi bur tonight from T aiv
tonight amid growing desperation in Gaza
vice president Kamala Harris ramping up
the rhetoric saying Israel must do more
to get Aid into Gaza and calling for an
immediate ceasefire and
given the immense scale of suffering in
Gaza there must be an immediate
ceasefire for at least the next 6 weeks
vice president's pointed remarks coming
amid reports more kids in Gaza are dying
from a lack of food a doctor at this
Hospital saying 15 children have now
died of
malnutrition Israel insisting it has to
ensure any Aid goes directly to people
in need we have to verify that it is not
being stolen by Hamas which is has been
happening on a daily basis and that's
clearly one of your priorities right now
but aren't you putting that ahead of
getting Aid to people in a desperate
desperate situation innocent people as
as of as I've noted Tom we've enabled
thousands tens of thousands of
humanitarian Aid trucks to enter Gaza
the IDF saying it continues to Target
Hamas some Democrats calling on
President Biden to up the pressure on
Israel this is a critical moment where
social order is unraveling inside Gaza
uh and I have both publicly and
privately counseled the president to use
whatever leverage he has to try to get
this this long-term
ceasefire and Lindsay vice president
Carmela Harris weighing in on those
horrific scenes around that Convoy of a
trucks in Gaza Thursday saying quote
hungry desperate people were simply
trying to secure food for their families
and they were met with gunfire and Chaos
Lindsay Tom for us in Tel Aviv thanks so
much hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching