and after weeks of fighting and
thousands of deaths the 4-day troce in
Gaza has brought has brought calm in the
strip these are the visuals that show
the Gaza
Skyline before and after the truth got
implemented no big bombing strikes or
rocket attacks have been reported on the
first day garans hope that this truth
could bring them relief and peace could
last
[Music]
longer
[Music]
on the first day of Truth many attempted
to escape the northern Gaza an active
war zone they could be seen walking past
Israeli army tanks to reach Southern
Gaza taking advantage of the truth many
displaced G decided to head back to
their homes only to
found
the truth also allowed a number of
Palestinians stuck in Egypt to cross
into Gaza they entered the Enclave
through the Rafa
[Music]
Crossing while many pal alians stuck
aboad pardon me while many Palestinians
stuck abroad have also decided to return
despite the ongoing war with the
belongings they entered the Enclave
waiting to see the loved
ones however guns have not went side
vient yet the Israeli Army has warned
that Northern Gaza remains a war zone
and people should not attempt to reach
there despite the warnings hundreds of
people headed back to their homes in
Northern Gaza the Israeli military
dropped the flets over Southern Gaza
alerting them against the move two
Palestinians have also been fatally shot
while 11 have been injured as they
defied Israeli
orders
[Laughter]
[Music]
meanwhile Convoy of trucks carrying much
needed Aid have been entering Gaza imid
the truce un says 137a trucks unloaded
in Gaza since the truce
started apart from eight trucks being a
trucks which are entering Gaza the first
group of hostages have also been
released by Hamas which includes 13
Israelis 10 thighs and a Philippine
national meanwhile Israel has also
received a list a b the list of the next
batch of hostages which will be released
through
Saturday