Israel's Relentless air strikes are
forcing residents of Northern Gaza City
to seek refuge in the southern city of
ruer with supplies running critically
low due to a total blockade the
situation is reaching a Breaking Point
since the surprise attack by Palestinian
Hamas militants on Southern Israel both
sides have suffered devastating losses
according to the UN desperate
Palestinians in Gaza burst into Aid
centers after more than 3 weeks of Siege
and
bombardment this as Israel escalated
ground operations in the Hamas run
territory food water and Medicine
supplies are dwindling in Gaza displaced
Palestinians in the central Gaza Strip
are now forced to bathe in the sea and
use Sea waterer to wash their clothes
amid fresh water and electricity
shortages in the Gaza Strip
[Music]
speee
speech
meanwhile a gazen medic also said with
the communication blackout ambulances
have to look for smoke rising in the air
to locate the site of an Israeli
strike
The Continuous air strikes that pounded
Hamas targets displac several families
in Gaza footage released by The
Palestine red crescent Society showed
Palestinian family is bedding down for
the night outside a hospital the prcs
said it received warnings from Israeli
authorities to immediately Evacuate the
alids
hospital displaced Palestinians staying
in tense in gaza's canun have described
dire conditions of living people inside
the camp said that they stayed in tents
that get wet with the rain and DP over
them many even have to wait for hours to
use the toilet and have very little
access to food and
[Music]
water
a Palestinian mother took shelter with
four of her children and with her other
family members in the basement of a
building this after her entire family
was displaced from conun she and other
relatives had been living close to the
border with Israel and had moved deeper
into the city she lost a son in a
previous Gaza War but refused to move to
a safer
space
for on the other hand the chief
prosecutor of the international criminal
court even visited the Rua crossing
point between Egypt and Gaza he called
the current days of fighting as the most
tragic days of Gaza he further said he
was determined to place protections
Bound by international law on civilians
in both Gaza and Israel wherever
possible
oh