an Ontario man who spent years fighting
for Isis wants to come home
he says the terror group is abandoning
its foreign militants as it continues
losing ground
the 28 year old says he and his wife and
two children have been quote hung out to
dry and are now being held in a Syrian
prison Vanessa Lee has that story us-led
coalition warplanes bombed the last Isis
stronghold in Syria which he hot is
putting up a fierce fight on the ground
but it's feared the terror group still
has sleeper cells they have pockets in
the desert there about people
intermingling with the population acting
as civilians just biding their time for
four years Canadian Muhammad Ali fought
on the front lines for Isis and used
social media to recruit others he was
captured by coalition forces while
trying to flee into Turkey with his
Canadian wife and two children any
foreigner that tries to leave if he gets
caught he's gonna get a bullet to the
back of his head detained in Syria for
the past nine months Ali says he is in
legal limbo and is pleading with the
Canadian government for help
nothing in Canada I broken no laws there
at all just days ago two Canadian women
surrendered to coalition forces Toronto
native dira Ahmed followed her husband
to Syria four years ago Isis or anything
said this cumin seed is cumin see
families against violent extremism a
nonprofit group is lobbying for the
return of 27 detained Canadians more
than half are children under the age of
five Public Safety Minister Ralph
Goodale says repatriating foreign
fighters and their families is not a
priority
adding Canada will not put its
diplomatic officers at risk in what he
calls a dangerous and dysfunctional part
of the world Lisa all right Vanessa Lee
reporting tonight from London