well the UK prime minister has said the
government is supporting families of
British people missing in the conflict
Rishi sunak also reiterated that Israel
has every right to defend itself in the
wake of the Hamas attack we're
monitoring the situation very closely we
have formally updated our travel advice
and of course humanitarian concerns and
protection of civilians are very
important and if this is something that
I spoke to prime minister Netanyahu
about late last night it's also why
we've moved Royal Navy
assets into the Mediterranean over the
coming week and they will be able to
provide humanitarian support if required
we're seeing a blockade of food medicine
and water to Gaza in what some are
saying is potentially a breach of
international law are you okay with
Israel potentially committing war crimes
and are you providing full moral support
regardless of what Israel does it's
important to remember why we're in this
very difficult situation and that's
because Hamas a prescribed terrorist
organization committed an appalling Act
of barbarity and has killed over a
thousand Israelis including women and
children in scenes that are quite
frankly horrific and that we haven't
seen in decades it is unequivocally
wrong and there is no moral ambiguity
about that Israel has every right to
defend itself and take the action that
is necessary to ensure protection and
security of its citizens and that
nothing like this can ever happen again
this morning the defense secretary said
that it's highly likely that British
citizens may be among those who' have
been taken hostage in Gaza what is the
government doing to try and help those
civilians and try and get them out yeah
it is a complex situation on the ground
and tragically British people have lost
their lives and several are also missing
we are working very closely with the
Israeli authorities and in contact with
fam to provide all the possible support
that we can and as we also announced
that we are increasing our military
teams across the region and making sure
we're doing everything that we can to
ensure the security of British citizens