this video released by the Israeli
military on Monday is said to show
bombardments targeting structures and
fortifications used by the Hezbollah
militant group in southern Lebanon and a
Security Source said a commander of
hezbollah's Elite rodwan Force named
wasam tail was killed Tail's
assassination marks one of the most
high-profile attacks on hezbollah's
senior officers in 3 months of
hostilities with Israel there was no
immediate comment from
Israel but sources including a Syrian
Military Intelligence officer told
Reuters that Israel is carrying out an
unprecedented wave of deadly strikes
targeting cargo trucks infrastructure
and people involved in moving weapons
from Iran to proxy forces in the region
including inside Syria the sources said
that while Israel has attacked Iranian
link Targets in Syria for years it
shifted strategies after the October 7th
Rampage by Hamas Fighters into Israeli
territory the intensified air campaign
has killed 19 Hezbollah members in Syria
in 3 months more than 130 Hezbollah
Fighters have also been killed by
Israeli shelling of Southern Lebanon in
the same period the Israeli military did
not respond to questions from Reuters
about its escalating campaign exchanges
of fire along Israel's northern border
have become near daily occurrences since
October 7th on Saturday Hezbollah
claimed it fired some 62 rockets at an
Israeli observation post the threat of
escalation comes amid a fourth visit by
US Secretary of State Anthony blinkin to
the region from day
one as I said we've been working to make
sure the conflict doesn't spread blink
last week said a wider conflict was in
no country's interest we know that this
is not what Israel wants or seeks it's
not what we want or seek I know from
lebanon's
perspective uh it's not in the interest
of Lebanon to see any escalation Israel
has pledged to eliminate Hamas
leadership both inside the Gaza Strip
and Beyond last week a suspected Israeli
strike killed deputy Hamas Chief Salah
Al aruri in beirut's southern suburbs an
area controlled by Hezbollah Israel has
neither confirmed nor denied its
responsibility for that
attack