it took hours but in the end the Israeli
cabinet signed off on the deal that
promises a multi-day pause in Israel's
war in Gaza while securing the release
of dozens of hostages the broader points
include the release of 50 hostages held
by Hamas over the course of a 4-day
pause in the fighting and the release of
150 Palestinian Prisoners the deal also
allows for hundreds of humanitarian Aid
trucks to enter all parts of Gaza
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu called it a difficult decision
but he said the war itself is not
over I would like to make it clear we
are at War and we will continue the war
until we have achieved all of our
objectives eliminate Hamas return all
our abductees and ensure there will be
no element in Gaza that threatens Israel
Netanyahu heaped Praise on US President
Joe Biden saying Biden helped include
more hostages in the deal at a lower
cost a senior Biden Administration
official says the hope is that Israeli
forces and Hezbollah also pause fighting
in Northern Israel US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin is reportedly set to
return to Israel next week to oversee
the implementation of the deal Hamas
holds an estimated 239 hostages their
families are hopeful I'm a son of Amada
I love her to bits and I'm doing
everything in my blood and you know in
my me to to make her to see her again
and all her friends there are around
8,300 Palestinian prisoners being held
in the occupied West Bank Jerusalem and
Israel proper their families are also
hopeful every day we hear a different
rumor we hear from those who go into
prison and leave and tell us about it
they tell us things that hurt our hearts
so of course I'm very happy God willing
this will be concluded well
a pause in the fighting can't come soon
enough for gaza's hospitals Under Siege
and kept running by the sheer
determination of the medical staff the
first diplomatic breakthrough in this 46
day war will provide them with some much
needed relief Andy Rosen trt
world