fear is growing among Palestinians
packed into their last refuge in Gaza
that Israel will soon launch a planned
assault on the southern city of Rafa
after truce talks in Cairo ended
inconclusively Israel faced growing
International pressure on Wednesday as
talks in the Egyptian Capital involving
the United States Israel Egypt and Qatar
came to an end without any sign of a
breakthrough officials did say though
that Tuesday's talks were constructive
and would continue more than 1 million
Palestinians are crammed into Rafa next
to the border with Egypt many there are
living in tent camps and makeshift
shelters after fleeing Israeli
bombardments elsewhere in Gaza the
Israeli military says it wants to flush
out islamist militants from hideouts in
Rafa and free hostages being held there
after the Hamas Rampage in Israel on
October 7th however it has given no
details of a proposed plan to evacuate
civilians the World Health
organization's representative for the
West Bank in Gaza Richard peorn said an
offensive am Raa could overwhelm its
already overburdened Health
System military activities in this area
this densely populated areas would be of
course an unfinal catastrophe and an
enormous U would even further expand the
humanitarian dis disaster Beyond
imaginations the a new wave of this
displacements and and would also really
give an an increase in of course in
additional injuries to due to the
military offensive and Trauma Israel
says it takes steps to minimize civilian
casualties and accuses Hamas fighters of
hiding among civilians including in
hospitals and shelters something the
militant group denies Israeli forces
shelled Eastern areas of Rafa overnight
and pounded several areas of hanun in
southern Gaza resident said Rafa
neighbors Egypt but Cairo has made it
clear it will not allow a refugee Exodus
over the border at least
28576 Palestinians have been killed and
more than
68,276 in the Hamas raid on Southern
Israel on October 7th Israel has vowed
to fight on until it eradicates Hamas
and has made the return of the last
hostages at priority Hamas says Israel
must commit to ending the war and
withdrawing from
Gaza