the order by the international court of
justice that demands Israel improve the
humanitarian situation in Gaza including
opening up more land Crossings for Aid
is considered legally binding the ruling
is an extension of South Africa's claims
earlier this year that Israel was
committing genocide but the court has no
mechanism to enforce its rulings so it's
not clear what punishment Israel would
face for not improving the aid situation
and the misery in Gaza continu
an Israeli air strike on a house north
of Rafa killed several people a team of
doctors from Jordan now at al- AA martyr
Hospital in central Gaza say they are
stunned by the catastrophic injuries the
unders supply of resources and the
overwhelmed staff our team has been
doing this for 5 days we're exhausted I
can't imagine what thein team who's been
here for 162 days doing this
24/7 162 days without resources is
dealing with in Israel frustrated
families of soldiers still being held
hostage by Hamas met with prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu on Thursday for the
first time since the start of the war
the Social Security the fabric of Israel
the knowledge that the government will
take care of its citizens and will bring
them home if something
happens that's broken and it has to be
fixed and the only way to fix it is to
bring the hostages back a top us General
said the Biden Administration has not
given Israel all the weapons it is
requested a sign perhaps that the us is
under pressure to use weapons deliveries
as leverage to get Israel to increase
humanitarian
Aid and in New York City a large and
loud crowd of pro Palestinian
demonstrators vented at President Biden
outside the campaign fundraiser he held
alongside former democratic presidents
Obama and Clinton the Biden Camp is
hoping their popularity will get voters
to set aside their doubts about Biden's
policies and instead rally behind the
incumbent president but these
demonstrators aren't ready to let that
happen Andy Rosen trt
world