Israel says a date has been set for its
ground offensive in the city of Rafa in
southern Gaza this looks to be a direct
opposition to reported progress in
recent truce talks between Israel and
Hamas pakon
explains Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu said on Monday local time that
a date has been set for an invasion of
Rafa where around 1.5 million displaced
Palestinians are Sheltering
today I received a detailed report on
the talks in Cairo we are constantly
working to achieve our goals first and
foremost the release of all our hostages
and achieving a complete victory over
Hamas this Victory requires entry into
Rafa and the elimination of the
terrorist battalions there it will
happen there is a
date though netanyahu's statement did
not have a specific date his remarks
appear to directly oppose reports that
Tru STS had seen progress
and as the US said that it wasn't seeing
any signs of massive operations or
rearranging of troops by Israel and as a
recent withdrawal was made from Southern
Gaza some predict that netanyahu's
recent statement about the ground
offensive was not his actual intention
this comes after the US delivered new
negotiations proposals to both Israel
and amas in truce talks in Cairo over
the weekend the talks proposed by CIA
director Bill Burns included trading 40
Israeli hostages for 900 Palestinian
prisoners and allowing refugees in the
southern city of Gaza to return to the
north without any restrictions both
Israel and Hamas are reported to agree
on reviewing the proposal but Israel is
reported to be especially against gazin
returning North as it could raise
possibilities for the survival of Hamas
and a Hamas official said early Tuesday
that the latest ceasefire deal proposed
by Israel and delivered by Egyptian
Qatari and American mediators was not
agreeable but said they would review the
proposal and respond later on as of
Monday over 33,000 Palestinians have
been killed and nearly 76,000 wounded
while the death toll for Israel has
reached
1,139 with dozens still held captive
since the war started October 7th P news