a day of national mour as the coffins
made their way through the streets of
tan and a hero's farewell for five of
the seven men killed in
Syria all were revolutionary guards
including one of Ron's highest ranking
officers Brigadier General Muhammad RZA
zahedi in charge of Iran's G forces in
Lebanon and
Syria the public procession ceremony was
held alongside annual GS Day events it's
been held every year since the Islamic
revolution in
1979 on the final Friday of Ramadan to
show solidarity with the Palestinian
people Monday's attack in Damascus is
being seen as a major blow to the guards
they've suffered 18 losses so far in
Syria alone since the war on Gaza began
in October the bombing of the consulate
section of the Iranian Embassy in
Damascus marks a new stage in what's
described as a shadow war between Iran
and Israel
the Zionist regime must know it can't
achieve security by carrying out
destabilizing actions the Zionist regime
will be punished it knows what will
happen and is within our
reach Iran supreme leader said a final
prayer over the Coffins on Thursday
evening I offer both my congratulations
and condolences to the families of these
Martyrs I hope that God grants patience
to the mothers fathers wives and
children of these
Martyrs the latest attack on high
ranking members of the Revolutionary
guards is seen by many as a test for the
leadership here how they respond could
determine if Israel will continuous
campaign of assassinations in the
region during the past 6 months armed
groups backed by Iran have used drones
and missiles to Target Israel as well as
shipping in the Red Sea and US forces in
the region
while Iran launched ballistic missiles
at a Target in her bill in Northern Iraq
in January the Iranian military has not
yet directly targeted Israel but after
vowing Revenge following the Damascus
strike that could soon change creating a
tense atmosphere here for many dors
Jabari Al jazer
tan make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer