kidnappings Siege and mass killings the
Israel Hamas War has seen it all and is
still continuing to Amit the warnings
and strong pledges by leaders who suffer
at the end is all well known it is not
the Hamas leaders that become collateral
damage it is not the Israeli leaders who
become the victim of militants
aggression it is the people on the sides
that suffer listen to the voices from
both
sides
time is rushing there's a 9 months baby
and a three-year-old child and my aunt
has Parkinson's
disease I want them back we all want our
family
back
people from both Israel and Gaza are
pleading they are seeking for help from
the world and asking for support but
their pleas are different Israelis have
been suffering brutalities at the hands
of Hamas militants babies women and
elderly have been assaulted and
abducted over 150 hostages remain with
Hamas brutal murder of civilians have
been carried out on the streets of
Israel footage of dead bodies being
lined up on the streets are coming up
families have been broken apart with
some members being held as hostage in
Gaza so Israelis are now pleading for
their loved ones to return home unharmed
while gazin have been going through
their own share of suffering Israel
vowed to wipe out Hamas ever since the
brutal militant attack but what seems to
be wiping off from the map is the Gaza
Strip cut off from food water supply
medicines and fuel refugee camps and
schools have been
damaged hospitals have been getting
overwhelmed as the number of wounded
continues to rise all people are asking
for is to spare the civilians and remove
the blocket such is the scale and
intensity of Destruction on both sides
the police from both sides are interl
with each other Israel has said it would
not allow humanitarian Corridor or
uplift any blockage until and unless all
hostages taken by Hamas are freed so as
Hamas continues its Terror acts humans
on both sides continue to
[Music]
suffer was the
[Music]
okay