this article 99 to give him extra clout
to call on the security Council to take
action and to essentially vote on a
resolution calling for a ceasefire in
this war between Israel and Hamas in the
Gaza Strip uh he described the situation
on the ground really uh painting a very
dire picture of what is happening in
Gaza he said that gazans are running out
of food uh he talked about the horrific
death to more than 17 th000 Palestinians
have now reportedly been killed and uh
4,000 of them women 7,000 of them
children according to the United Nations
uh and tens of thousands he said are
still reported to be underneath uh uh
injured and then uh many thousands
potentially underneath the rubble uh
their bodies still uh unable uh to be
retrieved so he was really putting
pressure on council members to do
something and there is a resolution uh
that is being considered by the council
and initially it was thought that
council members would be voting on that
resolution this morning but now that
vote has been pushed uh to later on in
the day to 5:30 local time here in New
York to give council members uh the time
uh to uh uh negotiate it uh because
really there is a strong desire from the
vast majority of council members for
this resolution calling for humanitarian
ceasefire to pass uh but as it stands at
the moment it seems that the United
States is still unwilling to support uh
the resolution as it is at the moment
and negotiations are underway and the
French Ambassador Nicola de rier on his
way into the council said that look the
most important thing is that we take
unified action so however long it takes
to negotiate this uh we will keep
working on it with a view to being able
to get this ceasefire resolution
ultimately passed uh we know that Arab
ministers a group of Arab ministers are
in Washington DC and they are expected
uh to meet with Secretary of State and
Anthony blinken shortly before the vote
here at the Security Council is due to
take place so the hope is that they uh
the Hope from the majority of council
members is that they will be able to
convince the US uh not to veto this
resolution okay we'll leave it there
Jessica Lauri our correspondent in New
York Jessica thanks so much for that
update well the Gaza Health Ministry