in Gaza City the hospitals have become
Battlegrounds in the center of the
fighting aifa Hospital continues to
house thousands of refugees from the
violence in addition to the injured all
this without electricity water or
medical supplies it's a sign of how
desperate the situation has become
Hospital staff say dozens of patients
have died there due to lack of resources
including several premature babies in
desperate need of functioning incubators
but these are very critical kind of
cases where you have to be uh very
sensitive in dealing with them but
currently they are all in open space
they are all with each others with no
infection control measures the UN says
another major Hospital in Gaza is also
non-functional yesterday also the
Palestinian red cres and Society
announced that alud hospital in Gaza
City was no longer operational due to
the damages to the main generator line
which could not be repaired during the
conflict uh and the consequent power
outage as heavy fighting rages on around
these hospitals evacuations have become
nearly impossible for those seeking to
flee these last remaining shelters some
patients are too ill or injured to be
safely moved and Hospital staff say they
want to stay and take care of them the
Israeli military said Tuesday that it
was working to transfer incubators into
the Gaza Strip and possibly enable the
evacuation of newborn babies the US
continues to press Israel for longer
humanitarian pauses with President Joe
Biden urging that hospitals be protected
I uh have not been reluctant and
expressing my concerns what going on um
and is my hope and expectation that uh
there will be
uh
less intrusive action relative to the
hospital hospitals have special
protections during war under
international law but according to the
international Committee of the Red Cross
the those protections can be lost if
combatants use them to store weapons or
hide Fighters