it is a sobering site part of an Iranian
mad missile this is just its fuel tank
range a th000 miles payload half a ton
of explosives accurate to within 10 m
these ballistic missiles were fired by
the Dozen at Israel on Saturday for
which the Israeli military says there
will be consequences Abal when will you
strike back firing 110 ballistic
missiles directly to Israel will not get
Scot free we will
respond in our time in our place in the
way that we will
choose but exactly what that means is
not clear the world awaits Israel's next
move can it punish Iran for launching
this barrage without plunging the region
into a much bigger War standing next to
this gives a very powerful sense of the
threat posed by Iran's missile Onslaught
on Saturday but also the threat to the
region should more of these missiles end
up flying around if Israel's retaliation
escalates the war into a much bigger
conflict the risk of that happening is
very real in Teran Israel's enemies were
warning again the smallest Israeli
retaliation will be met with another
show of
Force if for any reason the Zionist
regime makes the slightest malevolent
move against our homeland our
individuals or our interests it will
definitely face a Resolute and hard
response the fate of the region is is
for now in the hands of this one man
Benjamin Netanyahu meeting you recruits
Israel's prime minister was giving
little away Iran stands behind Hamas
behind Hezbollah behind others but we
are determined to win there and defend
ourselves in all
arenas there is jeopardy but opportunity
too for Israel say observers to build on
the Coalition of allies and neighbors
that helped defend Israel that night you
know the real question is what kind of
response does the most harm to Iran and
most benefits Israel what does that mean
I think it probably means don't hit back
at Iran in Iran right away uh when
there's a risk that you'll destroy the
Coalition a raid against Iran and you
won't be able to do much damage instead
of attacking Iran Israel could do more
of this assassinating Iranian allies
today it killed another hisbah commander
in southern Lebanon Israel was also
drilling its forces South of the Border
a for line for any escalating conflict
with Iran and its proxies if it happens
a widening War would likely engulf the
region far beyond Israel's borders