4 days of truce we can say the pause
between the Hamas and Israel will start
today at 10:00 a.m. and that will be the
1 p.m. here in uh India and now after
the 7 weeks of war and killing of
thousands of people including children
and wom nothing has been achieved from
the both sides no doubt after the uh
terror attack by the Hamas on Israel on
7th of October the is Israeli government
said that they are going to vanish the
Hamas from Gaza they have not succeeded
in that so far they have killed
thousands of people uh including some of
the Hamas Fighters and also uh uh they
have bombarded the onethird of the Gaza
City but despite that they could not
recover single hostage taken by the
Hamas on 7th of October 3 239 hostages
are are settle in the Captivity of Hamas
and other fighter groups of Palestine
and so far the deal has now reached uh
by the uh mediation of Qatar Egypt as
well as by the US where 10 hostages will
be set free uh of on each day of these
four positive periods during the
ceasefire period and against those 10
hostages 30 hostages will be released
from 30 prisoners will be released from
the Israeli jails who are in the custody
with the Israel from Palestine and uh
the uh uh many uh countries believe that
probably this 4-day PA period can be
extended if situation emerges so and
things go well on other side the uh uh
the analysts believe that the Israel has
finally not achieved its goal what it
claimed uh to get on 7th of uh October
after the Hamas attack on Israel that it
will derot the Hamas as well as the uh
will also get all those hostages taken
by the Hamas by force but during the
seven days of war and after the killing
of thousands of people including the
woman children and bombardment of
onethird of the residential buildings in
Gaza Israel could not re recover single
hostage from H uh from Hamas or by force
but finally I have now reached to
conclusion after the pressure of the
relatives of those all hostages in
Israel and other countries to come on a
deal with Hamas where uh this deal has
been set now finally and on each day 10
hostages which will initially include
the children and the woman uh uh will be
released by Hamas in the exchange of 30
prisoners from Israeli jails Ashani find
you today in
Shaga