foreign
print there seems to be no respite for
young mothers at work balancing
profession and family in Israel lawmaker
Shareen Haskell was asked to leave the
podium the reason
she was carrying her little child her
skill said she only needed 60 seconds to
introduce a bill but she was asked to
leave anyway this is a member of the
knesset Shareen Haskell juggling her
duties as a mother and an Israeli
politician but a staunch law from the
Dark Ages stopped her from addressing
the assembly watch his moments into her
dress the knesset's legal counsel
disapproves
humiliation for Haskell did not end here
the deputy classic speaker said rules
only permit members of knesset to stand
at the podium it's nothing personal he
says as Haskell tried to reason with a
man contesting her situation but she was
forced to step off and stop the speech
Sharon Haskell lamented about the
blatant lock of understanding on the
part of the knesset chairman who she
said made a sad decision the truth she
said is humiliating and terrible for her
as a mother walking mothers have been at
odds with professional Frameworks the
ward over they are often forced to
sacrifice their jobs and careers to take
care of their children the system has
often filled women in providing an
infrastructure that can help mothers
juggle both roles
but like every cloud has a silver lining
female leaders across the globe have set
examples by being Unapologetic mothers
at work New Zealand prime minister
Jacinda Arden that is New Zealand's ex
prime minister Jacinda Arden
became the first female leader to bring
her then three-month-old baby to the U.N
general assembly in New York
in May 2017 in the first four Australian
Parliament
Senator Larisa Waters
breastfed her daughter Alia Joy during a
vote
back in Israel the incident has spread
like wildfire and opened up discussions
around Provisions for working women were
also mothers as other lawmakers and the
public supported Haskell Reports say an
effort is underway to change the law
yon is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move
[Music]