now the war on ground is one thing but
there's another conflict raging online
the war of information the war of
perception social media platforms say
they have taken steps to curtail in
misinformation to clamp down on accounts
that share graphic content but a recent
incident has crossed all lines it makes
one wonder is social media trying to
suppress narratives or create new ones
in the latest so-called Mistake by
Instagram the social media platform
added the term terrorist to the profile
description of many accounts on the
surface the incident looks like a random
logistical error but here's the catch
the word terrorist was added only to
accounts of
Palestinians users say that an Arabic
word was wrongly translated by Instagram
in English the profile description of
several Palestinians read and I'm
quoting here praise be to God
Palestinian terrorists are fighting for
their freedom you heard that right the
auto transation read Palestinian
terrorists The Meta own social media
platform corrected its mistake and the
parent company has apologized but the
incident has created an uproar and
rightly so a multitude of questions have
been raised how did a
word world how did a renowned and
globally used
application make such a horrendous
mistake is it really the system's fault
in aut generating a m transation or is
it
more is there a human factor involved
ever since the Israel Hamas War Began
time and again meta has been accused of
Shadow Banning accounts that have been
sharing posts in support of the
Palestinian cause but the mislabeling of
Palestinian users as terrorists has
raised eyebrows and a very important
question around the war
narratives
[Music]