israel has criticized the russian
foreign minister sergey lavrov on monday
for claiming that adolf hitler had
jewish origins the country's foreign
minister said that this was in fact an
unforgivable falsehood that had debased
the horrors of the nazi holocaust
leaders from several western nations
also denounced the russian minister's
comments our next report tells you all
about it take a look
israel's foreign minister on monday
fiercely denounced comments by his
russian counterpart who suggested that
nazi leader adolf hitler was of jewish
dissent
it is an unforgivable scandalous
statement as you said and also of course
a terrible historical mistake and we
expect an apology
the diplomatic outrage is fallout from
russia's invasion of ukraine a war not
just destroying lives but one that
critics say is twisting history
moscow has justified its unprovoked
invasion of its neighbor in part on
claims it wanted to quote de-nazify
ukraine trying to paint the
democratically elected government of
president vladimir zelinsky in the image
of nazi germany under dictator adolf
hitler who tried to exterminate european
jews
that comparison provoked scoffs and
disbelief based in no small part on the
simple fact that the ukrainian leader is
jewish an italian journalist asked
russian foreign minister sergey lavrov
about this on sunday speaking through an
italian interpreter lavrov responded
when they say what sort of nazification
is this if we are jews well i think that
hitler also had jewish origins so it
means nothing he added quote for a long
time now we've been hearing the wise
jewish people say that the biggest
anti-semites are the jews themselves the
stabbing for foreign minister levrov is
false
is despicable and is deemed of the
strongest condemnation dani dayan is the
chairman of yad vashem israel's memorial
to the jewish victims of the nazi
holocaust he's basically engaging in
holocaust inversion making the victims
of the holocaust the perpetrators and
that is inexcusable israeli foreign
minister yair lapid said the russian
ambassador would be summoned for a quote
tough talk over the comments there was
no immediate comment from the russian
embassy
we on world is one is now available in
your country download the app now and
get all the news updates on the move