International condemnation of Israel
grows over the killing of eight workers
in Gaza now according to the world
Central Kitchen seven of its members
were killed in Israeli air strike and
the victims were British polish
Australian Palestinian and it also
included a dual US Canadian citizen
here's what we know about the
victims Lami francom was a 43-year-old
Aid worker from Melbourne Australia she
had an Indian descent born to an
Australian father and mam mother francom
was known to her friends as zi she was
the WC's relief lead in
Gaza hold on on Palestine and it's like
uncover this image and um it's kind of
blurry it paned across and then like I
saw zombie's face and like yelled as
soon as I saw it and it's like waiting
for the video to reload and scroll back
and I quickly went down and saw world
Central Kitchen and then I was like
looking at it just like is it her is it
her and
then then we have Damian soal he was a
35-year-old relief worker who lived in
the city of pramil in Southeastern
Poland another wk's relief worker who
was killed in the Israeli air strike was
Jacob Flickinger the 33y old was a dual
citizen of the United States and Canada
sain Isam aad Abu Taha was another
casualty from the Israeli strike
according to reports the 25-year-old
Palestinian was buried in a ceremony
attended by hundreds in his hometown of
Rafa then we have three British
Nationals John Chapman James Henderson
and James Kirby according to the NGO
Chapman Kirby and Henderson were all
part of WC K security team while
according to British media reports all
three were former soldiers in the
British Military and worked as private
security contractors for UK based firm
solar
global for all the latest news download
the weon app And subscribe to our
YouTube channel