but sir an Israeli spokesperson said
that for every Hamas militant two
civilians have died does that statement
for a moment sound right to you and how
is Israeli IDF and government making
this assertion or rather how are you
coming to these
conclusions that is not an official
estimate but we know that we have killed
thousands of Hamas terrorists we know
for example that we have killed half of
their Battalion commanders because the
purpose of this war is to go after the
monsters who perpetrated the October 7th
Massacre this is a counterterrorism war
in dense populated urban areas just like
the uh the West fought Wars in Iraq and
in Afghanistan and to defeat Isis when
86 nations came together to destroy Isis
in Iraq and Syria and as we heard from
your guest just earlier in every war in
every count terrorism War tragically
it's horrific civilians are killed and
that ratio is usually very high in terms
of the civilian to competent ratio and
because we are making unprecedented
efforts efforts that no Army in history
has made to keep civilians safe we've
managed to drive down that ratio way
down so that when the fog of War clears
and you look at what the civilian to
competent ratio is it will favor it will
compare very favorably
to other counterterrorism wars fought in
urban areas we didn't start this war we
didn't want this war Hamas declared this
war on us and in this awful awful
situation we're doing the best we can
everything we can going above and beyond
our obligations under international law
to keep civilians safe that's why we're
being targeted it's why we're being
precise and it's why we're going after
the monsters who perpetrated the October
7th Massac
while going out of our way to get
civilians out of Harm's Way weon is now
available in your country download the
up now and get all the news on the
move