men and children desperate for food
leaned into a bakery in Gaza as an
Israeli bombardment intensified on
Saturday drinking water was also in
short supply and power shortages left
families without charged phones to find
out if fleeing relatives were safe this
Garen in car yunus has been visiting a
neighbor who has solar power to charge
his phone it's like going back to Prior
1948 even for that we've gone back to
the Stone Age no electricity water
internet nor fuel those who have
generators that operate on fuel to
provide Power is pointless there is no
fuel nor diesel nor anything else it is
terrifying look at that how many phones
that are being charged it is frightening
more than 1 million Palestinians in
Northern Gaza faced an Israeli deadline
on Saturday to flee South and K Yunis in
Sou South Gaza is filling up fast the
flood of people arriving in the South
has stretched resources that were
already strained to a Breaking
Point many displaced gazan took refuge
in this school West of K
yunes abuid is one of them he said the
family felt danger was getting closer to
them when they were near the Israeli
border an Israeli military spokesman
said troops were amassing around the
Gaza Strip getting ready for the next
stage of operations after having already
launched raids Into The Enclave Israel
has vowed to annihilate the Hamas
militant group that controls Gaza in
retaliation for a rampage by fighters
who stormed through Israeli towns a week
ago gunning civilians down and taking
off with scores of hostages some 1,300
people were killed in the worst attack
on civilians in Israel's history the
United Nations has urged Israel to avert
a humanitarian catastrophe in Gaza a
Slither of land with 2.3 million people
humanitarian catastrophe