I'm happy to report that James Longman
is back with us those Sirens are no
longer blaring James what's the update
there yeah we had the sirens for an
alert on incoming Hamas Rockets
presumably but uh when that happens you
have to go into shelters every every
floor in this building has a shelter so
everybody has to make their way in there
you you're in a in a room which is uh
which is reinforced behind a a thick
metal door and you have to wait until uh
the announcement goes that you are
allowed out again this happens quite
regularly sadly much more regularly in
the South much closer to the Gaza Strip
uh we've had alerts like this
intermittently here in in Tel Aviv but
it shows you that the security situation
is still very very tense despite ongoing
bombardment over Gaza uh Hamas is still
able uh to fire uh and of course there
are other fronts in this war there are
issues from the north we know that the
there's a possibility of of further uh
further skirmishes with the Hezbollah
from Lebanon so from all angles Israel
feels very much uh in the spotlight and
under attack so we're not sure what
exactly the alert was where the threat
came from but when we hear those Sirens
we we have to go into the shelters yeah
understandably so a reminder of the
risks that all of our teams there are
putting themselves under to bring us
this story James we so much appreciate
that so glad that you are
safe hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching