uh for those who might think Israel at
this point is receiving a lot of backing
from the Western world including the
United States who've been uh pumping in
their um artillery to support Israel you
still have a multiple front war that
Israel is now facing if I could give you
a quick glimpse into uh the areas where
Israel is defending itself um and and
the target points uh this is the Gaza
front of course where the Hamas
terrorists are still uh firing from and
on day 17 of this war we know Hamas is
still very much active and the the the
stated intention of Israel is to wipe
them out completely from Gaza and then
you have the Lebanon front where again
uh this is a friction point for Israel
not not now it's been it's been so for
over a century and they're the very
dreaded Hezbollah um terrorist group as
Hezbollah has been declared as a
terrorist Terror organization by
multiple countries have been firing at
um Israel now you also have the Syria
front it's not just Hezbollah of course
the Iranian military along uh Syria
Syrian borders have been stationed and
they've too gotten along this fight
against Israel and we know that Israel
at the mo at this point have has also
targeted two airports in Syria the
Damascus Airport to be one two workers
have been have been killed there so it
it appears that that also has now come
as a huge friction point the West Bank
front now as we know firing there in
along the West Bank continues and in
West Bank we we we understand that
there's huge Israeli settlements um and
this is also an area where Israelis
receive huge threat from the Hamas uh
Terror groups as firing and air strikes
along the West Bank area has begun in
the last two days