the combination of Israel's aerial
bombardment and ground operations
against Hamas is coming with a terrible
human cost the flow of food water and
medical supplies is still nowhere near
enough and local medical services are
stretched to Breaking
Point from 7:00 this morning we received
a large number of injured patients who
needed immediate surgery there are
surgeries here in the corridors in
addition to those taking place in the
four surgical Suites from International
Aid agencies in Geneva on Thursday there
was this Stark warning it's an imminent
Public Health catastrophe that Looms
with the mass displacement the
overcrowding the damage to water and
sanitation infrastructure hospitals are
throwing everything they have at those
injured in the shelling and air strikes
but medical care for thousands of others
is also being squeezed we have 350,000
people with non-communicable diseases
that's diabetes heart diseases cancer
others um thousand patients in need of
of kidney dialysis all this cannot
happen without supplies without
electricity without the medicines around
50% of gaza's population is under 18 the
Palestinian Health Ministry says over
3,000 have been killed but living
conditions for everyone are
deteriorating the more than 1 million
children of Gaza have a critical Water
Crisis gaza's Water Production now its
capacity is at
5% 5% of its daily output so child
deaths to dehydration particularly
infant deaths to dehydration are a
growing threat the calls for some kind
of pause in the fighting may be growing
but Israel says it is determined to
carry on its war against Hamas and the
price being paid by Gaza civilians will
just get higher Simon McGregor wood trt
world am