[Music]
Israel has the right and I would add
responsibility to respond to the
slaughter of their people and we will
ensure Israel has what it needs to
defend itself against these terrorists
that's a guarantee we also have to
remember Hamas does not represent let me
say it again Hamas does not represent
the vast majority the Palestinian people
on the Gaza Strip or anywhere else Hamas
is hiding behind Palestinian civilians
and it's despicable and not surprisingly
cowardly as well we're also working
around the clock together with our
partners in the uh in the region to
secure the release of hostages and
including American citizens behind left
behind and held by Hamas and the safe
passage of foreign Nationals out of Gaza
not just Americans but Australians and a
whole range of people were trapped in
Gaza I also want to take a moment to
look ahead toward the future that we
seek Israelis and Palestinians equally
deserve to live side by side in safety
dignity and peace there's no going back
to the status quo as it stood on October
the 6th that means ensuring Hamas can no
longer terrorize Israel and use
Palestinian civilians as human Shields
I'm convinced one of the reasons samas
attacked when they did I have no proof
of this as my instinct tells me is
because of the progress we were making
towards Regional integration for Israel
and Regional integration overall and we
can't leave that work behind and one
more word on this I continue to be
alarmed about extremist settlers
attacking Palestinians in the West Bank
that uh pouring gasoline on fire is what
it's like they this was a deal the deal
was made and they're attacking
Palestinian in places that they're
entitled to be and has to stop they have
to be held accountable and has to stop
[Music]
now
[Music]
[Music]