so I couldn't find my home because of
all the destruction said one resident of
Han Unice as he returned to the town
after Israeli troops withdrew another
said isn't the bombing death and
destruction enough at the reaction of
just some of the stunned Palestinians as
they tried to salvage anything they
could from the landscape left by Israeli
troops who left a day earlier after
months of fighting and bombardment it
comes as Hamas says it is considering a
new framework for a truce proposed
during the latest round of neg
negotiations in Cairo a little earlier I
spoke to our chief foreign editor Rob
Parsons in
Jerusalem well hard to read into what
Hamas is saying it was interesting that
uh the Egyptian media were quite
positive about the talks and in the past
uh the Egyptian media has been quite
good at getting it right on any sort of
progress that's being made uh however it
does seem that Hamas for the moment
whether this is just simply for uh for
for playing its cards can carefully uh
seems to be sticking to its essential
demands in other words that should be an
end to the fighting a full ceasefire not
just a temporary one that Israel should
withdraw its forces fully out of the
Gaza Strip and that all those who are
forced out of Northern Gaza should be
allowed to go back those terms are
unacceptable put in those terms uh to
Israel uh and according to the Israelis
that's where the sticking block lies
Israel for its part says look you know
we we've taken a number of steps over
the last few days we've tripled the
amount of Aid uh by some accounts
getting into the Gaza Strip through uh
the AES gate in the north of uh the Gaza
Strip uh additional stuff additional Aid
going through Kim Shalom and the port of
ashd being open to Aid and we've
withdrawn our troops from KH yunes now
perhaps it's time for you to to to take
a step the problem with that approach
though is that you the there are many
who suspect that Hamas May look at that
and say well look they've withdrawn from
Southern Gaza they've tripled the aid
we're getting what we want anyway what
what is the where is the need for us to
start bargaining uh when we're getting
what we want to achieve in any case