[Applause]
here in Jerusalem thousands of mourners
gathered to join the funeral procession
of murdered Palestinian teenager
mohammad abu kadar he was buried on
Friday afternoon scheduled to follow the
first Friday prayers of the Muslim holy
month of Ramadan the funeral took place
near the family's home in the Shafaat
district in East Jerusalem prior to the
funeral Muhammad's body was carried for
burial through East Jerusalem wrapped in
a Palestinian flag
the sixteen-year-old was abducted from
outside his father's shop on Wednesday
his burned remains were found in a
forest a few hours after he went missing
in keeping with Islamic tradition
Muhammad's family wanted to bury him
straightaway and his funeral was due to
take place on Thursday but it was
delayed due to a problem with the
post-mortem examination and being able
to formally identify the remains the
incident sparked two days of clashes
between mosques Palestinians and Israeli
police security surrounding the funeral
was tight with thousands of Israeli
forces deployed to oversee the
procession while the police have not
confirmed a motive for the killing some
believe it's a revenge attack for the
recent murders of three Israeli
teenagers in Hebron in the occupied West
Bank
this has drawn international
condemnation with both the US and UN
condemning the sixteen-year-olds
abduction and murder it's also
infuriated Palestinians and there are
fears further clashes will take place in
the aftermath of the funeral in a bid to
ease tensions Palestinian militant group
Hamas is said to have agreed to a
ceasefire with Israel if it stops its
air raids on the Gaza Strip Egyptian
intelligence officials have reportedly
brokered a potential truce
[Applause]