Ukrainian President Vladimir zalinski
has gotten used to having his country
front and center of any discussion about
International Security but at a NATO
meeting in Brussels it was the spiraling
violence in the Middle East that
dominated the full horror of the attacks
by Hamas continues to become more clear
and more
appalling United States stands firmly
with Israel as as it defends itself and
its
citizens from this vile hamama
terrorist assault amid questions about
funding support the US reaffirmed its
solidarity with Israel would not impact
its commitment to Ukraine it came just
as Vladimir Putin was accusing
Washington of inflaming tensions in the
Middle East speaking at an energy Forum
the Russian president questioned the
relocation of a US aircraft carrier
towards the Gaza coast and claimed
Washington was Sid stepping established
processes the problem is that the
settlement mechanisms in place were
neglected by the United States over the
last few years and instead they decided
to regulate everything on their own but
Russia too has been accused of
dishonesty over the situation in the
Middle East and elsewhere Dutch defense
minister Kaiser orren earlier said that
disinformation and destabilizing
campaigns were quote a common known game
played by Russia comments echoed by
zalinski it still has enough resources
to inside conflicts and turn them into
full scale tragedy this and this is
happening in the Sahel and it can happen
even more painfully in Israel and in the
Middle East as a whole meanwhile members
of the European Union tried to focus on
solidarity EU top officials held a
minute of silence for Israeli victims a
day after confusion surrounding Aid
payments to Palestine European
commission president Ursula Von delain
said some of that was now under review
foreign ministers from Germany and the
Czech Republic questioned the decision
it would be wrong to stop the vital
humanitarian Aid now the provision of
water food and nutrition to families
because that is also part of the
calculation of
terrorism amid the flurry of meetings
Western diplomats will be hoping to
present a more united front knowing
their role will ultimately be vital Joel
Fint TT world