in its defense against allegations of
genocide the Israeli defense team told
the international court of justice on
Friday that the case against Israel has
no merit indeed they painted the
hearings as a threat to the concept of
genocide itself the attempt to weaponize
the term genocide against Israel in the
present context does more than tell the
court a grossly distorted
story and it does more than empty the
word of its unique Force
and special
meaning it subverts the object and
purpose of the convention itself with
ramifications for all states seeking to
defend themselves against those who
demonstrate total disdain for life and
for the law if any genocide occurred in
the region in the past few months tal
Becker said that it was at the hands of
Hamas on October 7th Becker then went
into graphic detail about atrocities
committed by by Hamas focusing on sexual
violence against women he accused South
Africa of deliberately distorting and
manipulating the facts of the conflict
in an effort to delegitimize Israel's
right to exist the Israeli legal team
said that even if there are breaches of
law in Gaza they should not be the
concern of international courts were it
the case which we deny that Israeli
forces have transgressed some of the
rules of conflict then the matter would
be tackled at the appropriate time by
Israel's robust and independent legal
system but that is not the intent to
destroy all or part of a people as such
it could take years for the icj to
examine the allegations of genocide
against Israel the court is expected to
rule later this month however on
provisional measures including a
ceasefire such a ruling would be legally
binding under international law but the
court has no way to enforce it