it's taken 15 days in intense
International diplomacy for Aid to enter
Gaza through its only gate to the
outside
world about 28 trucks carrying food
water and medical supplies crossed the
Rafa R Crossing between the besieged
Palestinian enclave and Egypt on
Saturday as its 2.3 million residents
continue to endure heavy Israeli
bombardment house in hunis and Rafa were
allocated and God willing there will be
delivery of Aid which is food and
medical supplies the aid so far is a
remarkably small amount in the face of a
dire humanitarian crisis in
Gaza around 200 other trucks have been
waiting on the Egyptian side for days
while diplomats wrangled to get a deal
the delay was a result of pressure from
Israel which says it doesn't want Aid to
fall into the hands of Hamas Israel shot
Electric electricity and water lines to
the besieged strip nearly 2 weeks
ago fuel supplies are also running low
in Gaza bringing hospitals which are
already overwhelmed with casualties to
the brink of
collapse to tackle the crisis the
Egyptian president hosted an emergency
peace Summit in
Cairo Egypt absolutely condemns the
targeting killing and Terror inflicted
on all civilians at the same time Egypt
expressed astonishment with the world
standing by and watching the
catastrophic crisis which 2.5 million
Palestinians in the Gaza strep are
living through they are subject to
Collective punishment Siege hunger and
intense pressure with forc displacement
Jordan's King says a path toward a
two-state solution is the only way to
end this long-standing conflict the only
path to a safe and secure future for the
people of the Middle East and the entire
world for the Jewish people for
Christians for Muslims alike starts with
the belief that every human life is of
equal value and it ends with two states
Palestine and Israel sharing land and
peace from The River To The
Sea back at the Crossing traffic seems
to only be going one way thousands of
trying to flee Israel's assault have
been asked to stay
put among them urgent medical cases
awaiting transfer to hospitals abroad
the time has come for
action action to end this God godal
nightmare Saturday's supply of Aid
barely meets The crucial demand but
Palestinians say they hope it's a sign
that their suffering is now visible to
the world rur the chrishan trt world