for months Israel and Hezbollah have
been exchanging fire across the Lebanese
border today an Israeli air strike
killed the deputy commander of
hezbollah's Elite radwan Force he is the
most senior Hezbollah fighter to be
killed in the three-month War so far and
it again raises the
stakes Benin Nan who visited troops in
Northern Israel today his government
says that it is running out of patience
we will do whatever it takes of course
we prefer that this be done without a
wide campaign but that will not stop us
we gave Hezbollah an example of what is
happening to their friends in the South
that is what will happen here in the
north at the same time the US Secretary
of State was continuing his extensive
tour of the Middle East trying to
prevent a war between Israel and Lebanon
Anthony blinkin met Crown Prince
Muhammad bin Salman in Saudi Arabia
Israel is his next stop it's clearly not
in the interest of anyone Israel Lebanon
Hezbollah for that matter uh to see this
uh to see this escalate Lincoln will
also push Israel to wind up intensive
military operations in Gaza and allow
more humanitarian Aid
in alaa hospital the last functioning
Trauma Center in central Gaza is close
to collapse
medicon Frontier says it is being forced
to pull its staff from the hospital we
departed from the hospital on Saturday
on Sunday and also today on Monday we
have seen that actually part of the
hospital was targeted by um by drones
intensive fire uh on the courtyard of
the hospital but also in uh in some
Department Israel says it is entering a
new lower Tempo phase in govern Gaza but
there seems to be little evidence of
that
yet hundreds more civilians have fled
the center of Gaza many of them have
been displaced many times now Israel has
repeatedly said the south is safe but it
isn't and there is little shelter or
food being allowed in for them Israel's
war in Gaza is making life there almost
unlivable Alis debunk Sky News in
Jerusalem