[Music]
I'm at the benur international airport
in Israel it's Monday morning you can
see a lot of people a lot of Buzz at the
airport but I can tell you that this can
be deceptive it feels like any other day
but it's anything but this is a country
at War uh and when War breaks out uh you
see a lot of action at airports
invariably because there are two sets of
people there are uh huge crowds trying
to leave a war zone and then there are
two sets of people who are trying to
pour in who line up to enter a war zone
these are journalists and soldiers and
the flight that we took this morning was
packed with both we spoke to Sako
passengers uh the journalists have come
from various parts of the world they're
trying to capture uh the situation in
Israel and trying to make sense of the
conflict that is escalating by the hour
um the Israeli citizens are basically uh
members of the reservist force their
country is at War
and they're reporting for
Duty we're still at the airport we were
just heading out uh there is the exit
gate and just as we were about to step
out uh we heard sirens uh and we've uh
looked at uh as you can see the security
uh the the exit area is now completely
deserted uh the people who left uh the
airport premises have walked back inside
they've rushed back inside after the the
sirens sounded and we've uh uh seen
alerts from the IDF that is the Israeli
Defense Forces and they've said that
Sirens have been sounded in central
Israel um and this has been uh the
situation for the past uh 2 to 3 days
ever since the attacks from Hamas began
um and there are reports that the
benorian International Airport may be
one of the targets so uh on on this side
uh you can see a lot of people gathered
here they're waiting to to enter a bomb
shelter and as we landed at the airport
we saw saw multiple signs pointing
people towards a bomb shelter and no
one's Taking Chances with their security
at this point given the fact that their
country is at War and we've seen
thousands of missiles and Rockets being
uh uh fired at Israel in the past few
days so this is where we are at the
benan international airport and the
situation is a bit tense we saw people
Rush uh a lot of people with the with
young children um uh rushing towards the
shelter and looking for
safety
[Music]
sh