let's move on our ukraine's president
vladimir zelensky on wednesday said that
he had fruitful negotiations with
israel's prime minister naftali bennett
also discussed was a controversial
remark earlier by russian foreign
minister sergey lavrov that the nazi
leader adolf hitler had jewish blood
zelenski called these remarks scandalous
and completely unacceptable
the call came as israeli is as israel
celebrates its 74th independence day
ties between zelinski and bennett have
been strained since the war began over
kiev's accusations that israel was not
sufficiently supportive of ukraine but
there has been a shift in tone in recent
days following reports of civilian
killings in butcher an anti-semitic
comments by the russian foreign minister
lavrov
reports this week suggests that israeli
officials are set to discuss possibly
expanding it to ukraine which includes
the supply of defensive military
equipment so far withheld by jerusalem
israel has so far only sent helmets and
flag jackets to civilian rescue and
medical forces in a bid to preserve ties
with russia and according to officials
israel will not consider sending
offensive arms to or even advanced
defensive technology like the iron dome
anti-missile system
but will send equipment that will not
anger moscow
for more updates on this story our
correspondent jody cohen has sent us
this report from israel's apollinia
listening
[Music]
on israel's memorial day for its fallen
soldiers a spokesperson for russia's
foreign ministry accused israeli
mercenaries of fighting alongside
ukraine's neo-nazis this follows russian
foreign minister lavrov's comments
saying hitler had jewish blood which had
been widely condemned as anti-jewish
racism celensky has now called bennett
to discuss the issue and now in the
latest a delegation from hamas which
repeatedly calls for israel's
destruction has reportedly met officials
at russia's foreign ministry it remains
to be seen how israel will respond this
is jody cohen for we on world is one
we on world is one is now available in
your country download the app now and
get all the news updates on the move