[Music]
for more we're joined now by yellow op
dhaba in northern Gaza hi Yolo set the
scene for us if you will where are you
right now and what are you seeing as far
as the protests there are concern well
as I'm talking you can see a whole flood
of people trying to escape from the
border area we're here and we can see
that teargas is landing in the middle of
us here now and this gives you an idea
of the amount of panic as people first
of all go very near to the border and
then the Israeli soldiers retaliate
firing teargas to try and disperse
people here what's happening really on
this 3rd Friday is people showing their
anger that dissatisfaction not just with
the fact that the Israelis have lost
I've taken the land and the villages and
towns from the Palestinians many of them
of the Palestinians escaped to this Gaza
Strip and have lived here since so these
people the descendants of those who
escaped are coming back here for up to 6
weeks now up till the middle of May to
show the Israelis the government and the
soldiers who are attacking them why they
are angry and they are not accepting
this situation and tell us that more
about their demands why they have
decided to protest now for this third
week on the right to return well it
started on a very iconic day for the
Palestinians lamb day and pastor 30th
that was two weeks ago and they said
that they would carry on protesting this
tear gas is really biting now they said
they would carry on protesting for the
six weeks up until May the 15th
and that is the day of course where they
they commemorate the Nakba day the day
of catastrophe when they lost their
lands where they were moved away from
their towns and villages and that
happens to be the Independence Day of
Israel they celebrate 70th anniversary
this year
so these protests will continue for the
next month all the way up until mid-may
and this is a show of defiance and of
course the Palestinian leadership
encouraging people that come out here
despite the obvious dangers okay
Yolo we'll leave it there for now take
care of yourself out there
Yolo opt out with joining us live there
from Gaza
[Music]