the conflict in Gaza is of great concern
to us all the humanitarian crisis
arising from conflicts require a
sustainable solution that gives
immediate relief to those most affected
this Indian approach is one of
recognizing that we are defined more by
how much we are alike than by our
[Music]
differences
Mr President the conflict in Gaza is of
great concern to us all the humanitarian
crisis arising from conflicts require a
sustainable solution that gives
immediate relief to those most
affected at the same time we must be
clear that terrorism and hostage taking
are are
unacceptable it also goes without saying
that International humanitarian law must
always be respected it is vital that the
conflict does not spread within or
beyond the region and efforts must also
focus on seeking a two-state solution
where Palestinian people can live within
secure
borders let me recall what Indian
civilizational thought has always
emphasized Mr President that the world
shares one Earth We Are One family and
we have one future both as a motivating
vision and as a call for Action this
Indian approach is one of recognizing
that we are defined more by how much we
are alike than by our differences but
the many are impacted by the choices
made by even a few and that this
interconnectedness means the genuine
dialogue as the only way to find
Solutions is not just an imperative but
in fact inevitable
it is therefore in our Collective
interest and responsibility to work
together in the UN and outside to find
lasting solutions to geopolitical
challenges for this to happen it is
vital that we first recognize that for
multilateralism to be credible effective
and responsive it is now High time to
reform outdated structures and fix
systemic flaws and urgently make
multilateral Frameworks fit for purpose
reflecting current Global realities Mr
President let me conclude by reaffirming
India's steadfast commitment to Global
promotion and protection of Human Rights
and to their enjoyment by our
people