meanwhile Israeli Prime Minister benman
netanyahu's comments on intelligence
failure have caused a political uproar
just on Sunday Netanyahu took a swipe at
intelligence officials claiming that
they never warned him that Hamas was
planning a WID scale attack on October
7th netanyahu's now deleted post on
X had said at no time and no stage was a
warning given to prime minister
Netanyahu regarding War for intentions
of Hamas on the contrary all security
officials including the head of Army
intelligence and the head of the shinb
estimated that Hamas was debed and
interested in an arrangement a few hours
after this post Israel's prime minister
retracted his comments from social media
platform X and then
apologized nanyu shared another post a
few hours later which said that his
remarks should not have been made the
statement went on to say and I'm quoting
here I give full backing to all the
heads of the security branches but his
post created a political stir
nevertheless opposition leader y leiv
has criticized Netanyahu for his post
saying that the Prime Minister quote
unquote crossed a red line leit further
went on to say and I'm quoting here
again the attempts to evade
responsibility and place the blame on
the security establishment weakens the
IDF while it's fighting the
enemies Israeli citizens have publicly
descended against the Netanyahu
government ever since the deadly attack
by Hamas has raised questions on the
country's Intel failure so far top
officials right from military heads to
shinb domestic Spy Service to Israel's
Finance Minister have all acknowledged
their failures but Benin Netanyahu has
not taken any any responsibility
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
yet