those reporting on the war in Gaza have
been targeted again AL jazer says the
Israeli Army deliberately struck its
correspondent Ismael Abu Omar and
cameraman Ahmed Mata who were filming a
report just north of Rafa Al jazer
published an article on its website
strongly condemning Israel's attack Al
jazer media Network confirms that the
targeting of the reporter Ismail and the
photographer Ahmed is a full-fledged
crime added to Israel's crime against
journalists the journalists were
severely injured and rushed to the
European Hospital on the southern edge
of Han yunus City the correspondent
Ismael Abu Omar had his right leg
amputated and fingers cut off and
underwent surgery but doctors say he
remains in critical
condition his right leg was severed
above his knee and his left leg had
severe injuries his vital signs are good
and we sto the bleeding
isma Abu Omar and Ahmed mat are the
latest victims in a long list of
journalists who have been either killed
or injured in Israeli strikes in early
January two other Al jazer journalists
were killed and in December the Gaza
bureau chief W aladu was also injured
and his cameraman killed in a separate
strike the qari channel believes that
Israel is targeting its journalists to
stop them from reporting on what they
call crimes committed by the Israeli
forces the committee to protect
journalists has recorded the deaths of
at least 85 reporters in the region
since the war erupted on October 7th the
Gaza Strip remains inaccessible to
foreign journalists only local
journalists already in The Enclave are
able to report risking their lives every
day to get information out to the world
and have not been able to leave since
the start of the war