I'm the only Palestinian American
serving in Congress Mr chair and my
perspective is needed here now more than
ever I will not be silence and I will
not let you distort my
words folks forget I'm from the city of
Detroit the most beautiful blackest city
in the country where I learn to speak
truth to power even if my voice shakes
trying to bully or censor me won't work
because this movement for a ceasefire is
much bigger than one person I can't
believe I have to say this
but Palestinian people are not
disposable we are human
beings just like anyone else my Cy my
grandmother like all Palestinian Ians
just wants to live her life with freedom
and human dignity we all
deserve speaking up to save lives Mr
chair no matter Faith No Matter
ethnicity should not be controversial in
this chamber the cries of the
Palestinian and CH Palestinian and
Israeli Children sound no different to
me why what I don't understand is why
the cries of Palestinians sound
different to you
all we cannot lose our shared Humanity
Mr chair I hear the voices of advocates
in Israel in Palestine Across America
and around the world for peace I am
inspired by their courageous the
courageous survivors in Israel who have
lost loved ones yet are calling for a
ceasefire and the end to violence I am
grateful to the to the people in the
streets for the peace peace movement
with countless Jewish Americans across
the country standing up in loving saying
not in our
name we will continue to call for a
ceasefire Mr chair for the immediate
delivery of critical humanitarian Aid to
Gaza for the release of all hostages and
those arbitrarily detained and for every
American to come home we will continue
to work for real lasting peace that
upholds human rights and dignity of all
people in centers and peaceful
coexistence between Israelis and
Palestinians and censures no one now no
one and ensures that no person no child
has to suffer or live in fear of
violence