Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu and his government is getting
flock from multiple directions within
his country and outside big Intel
failures is compounded by humanitarian
violations in Gaza and though it may
seem Netanyahu is on top realities
reflect that the tide flows against him
israeli's National Security adviser has
admitted to Errors By Israel Intel and
promised a thara
pro it has also been reported that
Israel got a warning from Egypt of a
potential violence 3 days before Hamas
struck an apparent direct notice from
kiro's intelligence minister to the
Prime Minister but authorities played
down the threat however the National
Security adviser has also said that
Israel received no concrete warning from
Egypt about the Hamas
attack
fake
news now an allout Grand Invasion on
Gaza looms which has triggered a mass
displacement of Palestinians who are
running from pillar to asked to find
[Music]
Refuge but pressure has been growing
over prime minister Netanyahu
netanyahu's far right all to Orthodox
government has long held itself up as
taking security seriously but security
forces in Israel were largely focused in
recent weeks and months on continuous
protests within Israel Over netanyahu's
efforts for judicial overhaul now that
he the mass attacks have led to the
formation of a wartime Unity government
the long-term political gains could be
substantial the unsolved hostage
situation complicates the matter even
more for the Prime Minister many remain
divided on how Netanyahu could find a
way out of this war that has turned into
a political dilemma a poll by an Israeli
company released last week found that
four in five people blame the government
and Netanyahu for a lack of security
preparedness that allowed the massacres
to happen as well as the poor operation
response to it more than half of those
surveyed 56% said Netanyahu must resign
once the new war in Gaza is over people
at home and around the world are now
demonstrating netanyahu's way of
handling the crisis the protesters
accused Netanyahu of caring more about
his political survival than protecting
Israeli citizens this has in turn led to
a growing call for netanyahu's
resignation we is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the
move