Hamas War now in its third month
continues to rage on relentlessly
Israel's military has launched another
air strike on Gaza as Israel continues
to battle the Hamas civilians are still
Sheltering along the flont lines even
after massive waves of displacement
across the besieged
territory in the southernmost town of
Rafa in Gaza individuals were seen
coming through the debris of a building
that had been destroyed in an overnight
Israeli
strike
flares were seen over the Gaza Strip as
Darkness descended at night while
Israel's Crown operation rolled
on amidst the battle eight trucks were
seen rolling into
Gaza Israel has pledged to keep fighting
until it removes Hamas from
Power dismantles its military
capabilities and returns all of the
scores of the
hostages Israel says Hamas still has 117
hostages and the remains of 20 people
who died in captivity or during the
initial
attack the Israeli toll includes 104
soldiers who have died since the start
of the Gaza ground offensive in late
October bu report Republic
TV now in the week of the
659th day of the ongoing conflict
between Russia and Ukraine Russia
continues its Relentless offensive
against the war hit country jolted by
indiscriminate bombing and Strikes
here's a detailed report highlighting
the latest Russian air strikes in
Ukraine amidst the ongoing conflict in a
fresh attack Russia fired eight
ballistic missiles at ke all of which
was shot down by Ukraine's Air
Force the F attack resulted in one
person sustaining injuries from shrapnel
while three others experienced severe
stress
reactions a series of loud explosions
rang out in Ukraine's Capital just after
400 a.m. as the city was under its
nightly curfew followed by air rate
sirens
the attack left 120 households in the
city without electricity Ukraine's
Ministry of energy said last winter
Russian troops were deliberately
targeting the Ukrainian Energy System
causing power outages and blackouts
across the
country ke is routinely targeted by
Russian drone and missile attacks just
over 2 weeks ago Keef came under what
Ukrainian officials said was the most
intense drone attack since the beginning
of Russia's fullscale invasion in 2020