there is hope on the horizon According
to some reports some positive signs are
emerging from Paris talks in what
appears to be the most serious push for
weeks to hold the fighting in the
battered Palestinian enclave and see
Israeli and foreign hostages released
the talks took place in the French
Capital with Israel's Head of mad
intelligence service meeting separately
with each party Kaur Egypt and the
United States an official from Hamas
said that the militant group had wrapped
up ceasefire talks in Cairo and is now
waiting to see what mediators bring back
from the week in talks with Israel
reports indicate that the Palestinian
militant group has softened its demands
during the talks and meanwhile the US
has expressed disappointment over
Israel's post Gaza plans shared by prime
minister Benjamin
nanyu on settlements uh we've seen the
reports and um I have to say we're
disappointed in the announcement uh it's
been long-standing US policy under
Republican and Democratic
administrations alike that new
settlements are counterproductive to
reaching an enduring peace uh they're
also inconsistent with international law
uh our Administration maintains a firm
opposition to settlement expansion and
in our judgment this only weakens
doesn't strengthen Israel's
security the Palestinian foreign
Ministry has condemned Israel's
settlement announcement calling it a
move to undermine the chances of a
two-state solution between the two
Nations back Gaza intense fighting
continues and Hamas says that Israeli
forces had launched more than 70 strikes
on civilian homes in gazan
cities over the previous 24 hours the
health Ministry says that at least 92
people were
killed now isra's military says that it
is intensifying the operations in
Western KH unit using tanks Clos range
fire and aircraft mediators have ramped
up efforts to secure a ceasefire in Gaza
in the hope of heading off an Israeli
assault on the Gaza City of Rafa where
more than a million displaced people are
Sheltering at the southern Edge Of The
Enclave Israel says it will attack the
city if no truce agreement is reached
soon and Washington has called on its
close Ally not to do so warning of vast
civilian casualties if an assault on the
city goes
[Music]
ahead oh