this is the biggest attack on Israel in
50 years I'm trying to assess and we're
going to move faster here because
there's a lot of ground to cover um how
far could Israel's ongoing response go
um for those sitting in India trying to
understand how far will Israel go it's
the biggest attack on Jews since the
Holocaust and and that is the way it
feels for Israelis and I mean the entire
population uh they want retribution uh
their response is immensely emotional
it's not thinking strategically about 10
years down the road it's we're angry
we're suffering this has affected us
there are over 200 hostages uh most of
whom we think are still alive um on the
ground in Gaza um and uh there are of
course 360,000 Israelis that have been
called up um to serve active duty in the
war that's 4% of the entire population
so everyone in the country is is very
deeply traumatized and personally
affected in a lifelong way what's going
to happen a ground war is going to
happen it's a bad idea it's a bad idea
for many reasons it will kill enormous
numbers of Palestinian civilians um it
will um it it will it will be done in
short order without enough humanitarian
Aid or ability for the Palestinians to
evacuate it will lead to backlash um
around the world the Americans don't
support it they want a humanitarian
pause that's what they've told Netanyahu
privately but it's not going to happen
um they are I would say we are within
ours today of a massive ground Invasion
into Gaza to destroy the terrorist
organization Hamas and if that means
that all the hostages are killed so be
it if that means that tens of thousands
of civilians are killed so be it and
Hamas of course Bears a lot of
responsibility for all of that uh but
the implications of course well
ultimately be much broader