and as Israel ramps up its ground
offensive in Gaza the hostage situation
that remains a sticking point still Shan
hostage situation of course now that is
one that we have been discussing since
7th October and it still remains a
pressing issue now in the latest Qatar
has raised alarms against Israeli ground
offensive saying that it has
considerably complicated mediation on
hostage release now the spokesperson for
qatar's foreign Ministry has said that
Israel's intensified offensive in Gaza
it significantly complicated the efforts
to secure the release of hostages taken
from Israel on the other hand Hamas Gaza
member Yaya Sinar has said that the
militant group was ready to quote
unquote immediately conduct a prisoner
exchange now this exchange deal includes
the release of quote unquote Palestinian
prisoners of course there is going to be
an exchange here and those have to be
and the Palestinian prisoners have to be
released from Israeli jails in exchange
of the hostages held by Hamas during the
unprecedented attack on is Israel on the
7th of October now in response Israel's
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu said
that Tel Aviv was discussing the issue
prime minister Benjamin nanyu added that
discussing the details publicly would
harm efforts to reach a deal the prime
minister in fact also insisted that
broadening the ground offensive will in
no way clash with Israel's ability to
bring back
hostages the tragic reality still looms
here a 23-year-old German Israeli woman
abducted by Hamas gunman has being
declared dead now Shani Luke was present
at the music festival in the Israeli
desert which was the first attack
location that the militant group hit in
the ongoing War Israel's foreign
Ministry published a statement on EX
confirming shani's death the post also
said that chani was tortured paraded
around Gaza by Hamas
terrorists the Israeli military
meanwhile has continued its ground
operation into the Gaza Strip the Israel
Defense Forces claim to have hit more
than 150 underground tunnels and bunkers
marked as Hamas operatives and
[Music]
positions