they're wrapping up right now jeie uh
and they've made several points of
course they outlined the massive scale
uh of this operation that has been going
on in Gaza with u more than 20,000
people killed now that's 1% of the
entire population in Gaza and that's of
course to buff up their claim that this
is an act of genocide which is targeting
an entire group or a part of a group uh
based on their ethnicity religion um or
nationality and that is what they say is
happening in Gaza now I think two really
important points that came out of today
one is that they um brought up a lot of
the things that politicians and
ministers in Israel have been saying
about wiping out Gaza uh making biblical
um connotations about wiping out entire
people um so not even not just
mentioning what was said by the Prime
Minister by several Ministers of his
cabinet by members of the knesset but
also how that is translated to the
actions of troops on the ground we were
shown videos of Israeli soldiers dancing
saying that there were no uh uninvolved
civilians um how people were filming
soldiers were filming themselves bombing
entire Villages saying how they'd wipe
them from the map so really making that
connection between incitation to
genocide by politicians and how that was
being translated to actions on the
ground um and another important point is
those humanitarian measures which Israel
keeps bringing up for example the
evacuation orders that were given at the
start of this campaign they that measure
because of its scale South Africa says
was genocide nature this call for 1
million people to move within 24 hours
including people who are in hospitals
babies that were just born they say that
call was genocidal in nature now of
course this court is not ruling on
whether this was genocide that is a
process that will take years but they
are going to rule on these provisional
measures that South Africa has asked for
which includes of course the ending of
this campaign they say this needs to
stop now to prevent more irreparable
harm being caused to the Palestinian
people in Gaza more deaths occurring
uh they say 240 Palestinians are being
killed every single day um and they also
want there to be more humanitarian Aid
because starvation South Africa argued
here today is actually becoming a bigger
killer than bombs