[Music]
the western-backed Palestinian Authority
and Hamas are locked in a struggle for
the control of Gaza
the Palestinian Authority recently cut
wages for its employees in Gaza by up to
50% and imposed taxes that doubled the
price of fuel now it says it won't pay
Israel for the electricity it supplies
to Gaza it's part of an attempt by the
Palestinian Authority to pressure Hamas
into new elections and it comes as
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas
prepares to meet next week with US
President Donald Trump who wants Abbas
to show he represents all the
Palestinian people including those who
live in hamas-controlled Gaza Hamas says
the action is a crime against
Palestinians and will consider a number
of options to defend its people when in
figueres el pardo was a hooligan we
warned that if the siege is not lifted
there will be an explosion and the
explosion will be against the Zionist
occupation as well as against everyone
who behaved improperly
but the Palestinian Authority says Hamas
is the cause of the problem and could
easily solve it
this is the only solution a unity
government a presidential and
parliamentary elections and whoever wins
rules
the standoff has divided Palestinians
and hampered attempts to reach a peace
deal with the Israelis it dates back to
2006 when Hamas defeated Abbas and his
Fattah party in parliamentary elections
a year later fighting broke out between
the two sides and an agreement in 2008
has failed to reconcile their
differences
but it's causes 2 million residents who
were caught in the middle the UN says
they face a humanitarian crisis and has
allocated a half a million dollars to
purchase fuel for hospital generators
and saeed al gali --the needs that fuel
to keep his kidneys working
yeah.he and now we have the oxygen
oxygen tanks and we need the humidifiers
inside our houses we cannot live without
it even for one second
with a dispute between the Palestinian
Authority and Hamas unresolved it's only
a matter of time until Israel flicks off
the switch and people in Gaza are left
further in the dark about a potential
solution Chelsea Carter TRT world
[Music]
you