and there's the growing opposition to
the new Israeli government's bid for
judicial reforms president Isaac Herzog
has appealed to all parties to calm down
the country has split on the proposed
reforms unveiled by Justice Minister
year Levine on Thursday morning our
correspondent Jody Cohen sent us this
report
the proposed judicial reforms seek to
rebalance the power between the
Judiciary Parliament and governments
which many parliamentarians have argued
is tilted too heavily in the Court's
favor however critics say it will deny
the high court almost all means to reign
in the government
the former hard left parliamentarian and
Deputy Chief of the Israel Defense
Forces called for a large-scale civil
uprising
Former Defense Minister Benny Gantz says
that if the government proceeds with its
plans they will be responsible for the
Civil War brewing in Israeli Society
leader of the opposition on Monday
reportedly pledged to continue fighting
the judicial reforms in the streets in
what he called a war over our home
however then Ultra nationalist osmore
Hadith MK speaker Vogel suggested that
he believes Golan gants and lapid should
be arrested for treason for their
remarks
and one driver in the southern town of
beersheva came close to hitting
demonstrators who were protesting
calling them anarchists
president Herzog has urged
parliamentarians and the public to lower
the temperature in a tweet he said
this is a sensitive and explosive time
in Israeli public life I appeal to you
elected representatives and citizens
from across the public and political
Spectrum exercise for strength and act
responsibly we need to calm things down
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu too
has called for calm opposition leader
Yael appears rejected jair golan's calls
for an uprising and otsman you Hadith
leader itamar bengavir suggested that no
one is going to arrest the opposition
leaders for their remarks and in the
meantime an even bigger protest is
expected in Tel Aviv this weekend this
is Jody Cohen for we on world as one
we are now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move