US President Joe Biden says Israel is
losing Global Support over its
continuous bombing of Gaza is showing a
new Rift in relations with t Aviv while
the UN General Assembly on Tuesday voted
overwhelmingly in favor of an immediate
Gaza ceasefire is has
more US President Joe Biden has warned
Israel that it's losing Global Support
over its indiscriminate bombing of Gaza
he also called on Israeli prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu to change his way of
dealing with the armed conflict showing
a new Rift in his relationship with the
Israeli leader speaking to democratic
donors in Washington on Tuesday Biden
voiced criticism of Israel's Hardline
government calling netanyahu's
government the most conservative
government in Israel's history the
Israeli Prime Minister admitted Tuesday
that there is a disagreement with Biden
regarding what he referred to as the
post Hamas Gaza Strip but expressed hope
that that the two sides could reach an
agreement Netanyahu is against Biden's
idea to allow the Palestinian Authority
to govern the Gaza Strip following the
end of the armed conflict while the US
leader also pushing for a two-state
solution Netanyahu argues that Israel
doesn't want to see a repeat of the Oslo
Accords with the Palestinians in the
1990s a deal that included a limited
right to self-determination in Gaza and
the West Bank the chief of the UN Agency
for Palestinian refugees Philip lazarini
visited Gaza on Tuesday to examine the
humanitarian situation in the region
describing the visit he said it was hell
on Earth and called for an immediate
ceasefire meanwhile Reuters reported
Tuesday that they are 135 hostages still
being held captive by Hamas according to
the Israeli government of the 135 held
captive 19 are presumed to have been
killed the UN General Assembly on
Tuesday voted to demand an immediate
humanitarian ceasefire in the armed
conflict a majority of 153 Nations voted
in favor of a ceasefire resolution in
the general assembly's emergency special
session while 10 voted against and 23
abstained the non-binding resolution
calls for a ceasefire for all parties to
comply with international law and for
humanitarian access to hostages as well
as their immediate and unconditional
release EJ arang news