[Music]
why did Iran attack these terrorist
groups we do not know because these
groups we were under the I was under the
impression that these two groups were
working together for a larger
baluchistan
Province this is a major historic
development because such a thing has
never uh occurred between Iran and
Pakistan and Iran has been playing a
mediatory role Al together in that
region even China is part of it and us
is very much part of it when Iran is
involved and Pakistan is involved so
it's highly explosive situation uh but
it looks to me that they will
quietly finish it off of course we'll
see reactions later but it's been
already reported that China is doing
some kind of mediation between the two
so this is a signal to be taken into
account particularly as we ourselves
have concerns about
bistan but um at the moment it doesn't
look like becoming a to flare up into a
big International Event
incident both Iran and Pakistan are
vital for China China as you know is
supporting the Taliban government in
Afghanistan and CH Pakistan has always
been a
you know all weather friend of China
that has been one of our problems I from
the beginning Pakistan has been moving
China basically to uh you know create a
threat for us and this has happened for
many years and now Tha China itself has
become a threat to us because of these
various developments which have taken
place uh particularly after
the uh after the attack in ladak so
saying China has a vital interest in
both these countries and Pakistan is an
old friend who has cre problem for us
throughout and Iran is a new friend for
China and Iran has also been taking
initiatives to bring about uh some kind
of
understanding among these countries Iran
has a good relationship with us also uh
but these other relationships seem to be
more important for them because they are
the dominating power in that kind of gr
so China is very anxious to see that
this position is made for their own sake
as well as for the sake of Pakistan so
it's understandable that China wants to
settle this issue as soon as possible
from breaking news detailed analysis
in-depth interviews and explainers
follow the times of India subscribe to
our YouTube channel don't forget to like
our videos and hit the Bell icon to stay
updated with the latest