[Music]
he
[Music]
he
[Music]
supp
[Music]
[Music]
to
[Music]
[Music]
he
[Music]
what I know is that we were targeted
deliberately nonstop until everybody was
dead in this Convoy this happened over
more than 1.5 1.8 kilom so this was not
use a bad
luck situation where oops we dropped the
bomb in the wrong place or or no this
was over 1.5 1.8 km
with a very defined humanitarian Convoy
that had signs in the top in the roof
that cannot be the role of an army that
cannot be the role of an army that has
hundreds of drones above Gaza in any
single moment the humanitarians and
civilians should never be paying the
consequences of War this is a basic
principle of humanity at the at the time
this looks like it's not a war against
terrorism anymore seems this is a war
against humanity
[Music]
itself on this day as we bid farewell to
Martyrs of foreign nationalities three
humanitarian Martyrs of British
nationality one American one Australian
and one polish this is a sign that the
weapons provided by the British and
American governments in support of the
Israeli occupation army weapons money
and equipment do not differentiate
between Palestinians and other
nationalities missiles struck the Convoy
of these Martyrs who were part of the
world Central kitchen and the kitchen's
logo was visible and recognizable to the
reconnaissance planes f-16s or whoever
was bombing these
vehicles our message to the governments
of these Martyrs these humanitarian
Martyrs is stop your support for the
Israeli occupation Army stop supporting
them with money equipment and weapons
because these weapons killed your
countrymen
[Music]
[Music]
today
w
[Music]
w
w
w
[Music]
[Music]
w
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
he
[Music]
[Music]
he
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
he
[Music]
he