is
we pursued them in Northern Gaza we're
now pursuing Hamas in southern Gaza
too we will operate in maximum Force
against Hamas terrorists and
infrastructures while minimizing harm to
the civilian that Hamas places around
them as
Shields our forces used the 7day pause
before the Hamas violation to increase
Readiness review intelligence and refine
operational procedures we are
implementing Lessons Learned for the new
phase of this war improving the
efficiency and the Precision of our
operations on the ground we are pursuing
Hamas wherever Hamas is hiding in the
north and in the South every rocket
launcher weapons Depot command and
Control Center Senior Commander
underground infrastructure and any
Hideout where our hostages may be
held our war is against Hamas not
against the people of Gaza Hamas
deliberately embeds himself within
civilian population centers so that the
gazans will bear the consequences of
Kamas atrocities every civilian death is
a tragedy a TR tragedy that the IDF does
not want and is taking extensive
measures to avoid while Hamas terrorists
hide behind civilians Israel does its
best to distinguish between civilians
and terrorists we are giving precise
instructions to gazan Residents near
Hamas centers of gravity urging them to
temporarily move away from the danger
that Hamas puts them in we're dropping
lifl lets with with QR codes that opens
a map guiding gazans to safer areas the
map is divided into neighborhood numbers
indicating where civilians in a specific
area should go to avoid being in the
crossfire we call on International
organizations in Gaza to assist us with
this effort it can help save lives we
also call on International organizations
to ensure that the Red Cross gains
access
to our hostages in Kamas
captivity 137 hostages are being held in
inhumane and brutal conditions and not
one international organization has seen
them the more we hear about the cruel
conditions in Kamas captivity the more
urgent our mission our Global mission to
rescue our hostages
becomes