war crimes really truly truly if you
have a missile in your goddamn kitchen
and you want to shoot it at me am I
allowed to defend
[Music]
myself we are not
retaliating we are targeting we are
targeting the enemy it will be a long
and drawn
out
campaign against Hamas Israel will
defend its people and do whatever it
takes with an iron
[Music]
fist I'm quite disappointed that that's
what you asking instantaneously haven't
you seen you've seen you all you were
all there you've seen so now we're
starting with a rhetoric
about war crimes really truly truly with
respect what do you mean with respect
[Music]
truly if you have a missile in your
goddamn kitchen and you want to shoot it
at me am I allowed to defend myself yes
that's the situation is denying the
these missiles are there these missiles
are launched the button is pressed the
missile comes out from the kitchen onto
my
[Music]
[Music]
children we are targeting we are
targeting the enemy in order to uproot
the capability of the
enemy to carry on with this campaign of
destroying Israel trying to Res
destroyed as part of a an Empire of evil
which has its claws all around us from
North from with kisala from the
south from Hamas and Islamic Jihad look
around us in the entire region look at
the Havoc that they have created
everywhere Iran has touched
in Yemen in Syria in Iraq in Lebanon
this is exactly what I spoke
about we are very cautious in the way we
operate the IDF uses all the means that
its disposal in order to reduce harm to
the population for examp example many
resources are invested in gathering
intelligence in trying to locate the
enemy separately from civilian
population in evacuating the civilian
population from the center of the battle
in warning citizens in monitoring
humanitarian situation but Israel will
defend its people and do whatever it
takes with an iron fist to change the
reality
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
and the highest number of Jews killed
since the Holocaust highest number of
Jews killed since the Holocaust
including Holocaust Survivors went
through the worst atrocity in history
[Music]
that's