Israel has been locked with Spain and
Belgium amid the ongoing War Spain has
now summoned Israel's Ambassador while
strongly protesting Israel's remarks
against the country's prime minister a
tit fortat move after Israel summoned
the ambassadors of both Nations the
leaders rebuked Israeli offensive in
Gaza while visiting Rafa border on
Friday both Belgian and Spanish prime
minister said that Israel's operation
needs to respect International
humanitarian law and denounce the
destruction in the Gaza Strip as
unacceptable I celebrate the agreement
for the release of some hostages and to
establish a humanitarian post while
emphasizing that all remaining hostages
must be released I also reiterate Israel
right to defend itself but it must do so
within the parameters and limitation
imposed by International humanitarian
law and this is not the case the
indiscriminate killing of innocent
civilians including thousand of boys and
girls are completely un
asexual the cycle of violence that they
started on October
7 and the military operation that Israel
is conducting to stop the terrorist
attacks must respect International
humanitarian law a military operation
needs to respect International
humanitarian law the killing of
civilians needs to stop now way too many
people have died the destruction of Gaza
is unacceptable we cannot accept that a
society is being destroyed the way it is
being
destroyed upset with these remarks
Israeli Prime Minister Benin Netanyahu
said the two European leaders had failed
to highlight crimes against humanity
committed by Hamas while Israel's
foreign minister Eli Kohan accused both
the leaders false claims that give
terrorism a boost while summoning the
envoys of both the Nations now Spanish
foreign minister has been quick to react
he called in Israeli ambassador to
explain her government's quote unquote
false and unacceptable allegations
against the Spanish prime
minister
[Music]
f