um more than 10,000 civilians uh
Palestinians are killed in Gaza so far
and the number is rising when will the
UK call for a ceasefire well first and
foremost I think every life lost
irrespective if we go back to the events
of the 7th of October and subsequent
went thereafter every life matters I
said that at the UN General Assembly
Israeli or Palestinian whether it's an
Arab or Jewish life whether it's a
Christian Muslim or a Jew every life
matters and if I may the person on faith
say you know to every life lost you
know you know but the important question
you ask is about SE ceasefire of course
I understand the sentiments but if we
unpack that it's important to also
understand what a size ceasefire
constitutes one it's got to be agreed by
both sides and it's important that
ultimately every conflict ends with that
conflict coming to an end and that is
why our Focus has been right now on what
are the key priorities for Gaza we
totally understand and the calls that
are being made but the the reality also
has to be understood that there needs to
be two sides to the conflict need to
agree to this there also needs to be
that brokerage of that uh cessation of
hostilities and that's probably the area
we're in where we've seen different
countries playing very key roles in this
respect and I acknowledge the efforts of
the likes of for example Egypt
particularly on the humanitarian front
but also uh I acknowledge fully the qar
is playing in this important role in
ensuring that the key messages are
understood by both Sid and that's why
where we have got to about creating
these spaces where we can get the kind
of humanitarian support needed and also
imploring as I did in my recent visit to
Israel for a real recognition and
understanding as the Israelis have said
themselves of applying and abiding by
the whole concept of international
humanitarian law and what that means