Israel says it will continue its war in
Gaza with or without international
support the comments come as the UN
General Assembly overwhelmingly passed a
non-binding resolution calling for seize
fire in Gaza earlier this week eing has
more earlier this week the UN General
Assembly overwhelmingly passed a
non-binding resolution calling for a
ceasefire in Gaza however despite an
international call to bring about an end
to the armed conflict that has killed
thousands of civilians Israeli foreign
minister Eli Cohen says Israel will
continue its war in Gaza with or without
international support according to a
statement from his office Israel's top
Envoy added that a ceasefire at the
current stage is a gift to Hamas and it
will allow the militant group to return
and threaten the lives of Israelis again
in its latest move to keep Israel in
check Washington says Israel must follow
International humanitarian law and
protect civilians amid reports that the
Israeli military has begun filling
underground tunnels in the Gaza Strip
with seawater to eradicate Hamas the
comments come as the Wall Street Journal
reported that the Israeli military has
been using seawater since last month as
part of its efforts to destroy
underground tunnels that serve as Hamas
hideouts and means of transportation the
intention is to flood the tunnels to
flush Hamas Agents from Underground to
the surface but there are concerns that
the aftermath of this operation could C
humanitarian damage and have an adverse
effect on groundwater water purification
facilities and soil in the Gaza Strip
meanwhile Hamas leader ishma hanay said
Wednesday that any plan for a postwar
Gaza that does not involve the militant
group is delusional in a televised
speech the militant group's leader said
he was open to talks to end the armed
conflict and put the Palestinian house
in order both in the West Bank and the
Gaza Strip he also called on Arab
countries to use all available options
to stop the armed
conflict news