what is the most important thing that
you can do and what we must do right now
is bring the hostages back honestly I
feel grateful to have an ally a
beautiful Ally like India I think first
of all um me and everyone I know in
Israel every civilian every citizen of
Israel is now supporting the cause of
first of all bringing the hostages back
we are doing everything in our power to
bring them them back what happened eight
days ago is one of the most horrific
atrocities ever made in history of my
people this is worrisome on so many
levels but what we're doing right now is
what is the most important thing that
you can do and what we must do right now
is bring the hostages back we are
supporting the Army we're taking care of
our army um we we are in the middle of
War it's going to be even more bad for a
lot a lot of human lives but we are
going to Prevail we are getting ready
and first thing that we're doing is
bringing our hostages back I think that
this is what every nation on planet
Earth should intervene and do everything
in their power to bring our people back
Kamas took people from other 36
countries around the globe they have
people not just Israelis not just Jewish
people they're holding people from 36
countries from around the world the
global Nations around the world should
unite to do everything in their power to
bring the hostages home what's your
message to the Indi Indian and
countrymen to the you know Indian
people I Hon honestly I feel grateful to
have an ally a beautiful Ally like India
India is one of my favorite places on
Earth I love its people I can really
understand why the first thing that you
guys did was to condemn the horrible
action of October 7th in Israel I would
expect nothing less but I want to say
with the outmost gratefulness in my
heart I think it's the best thing that
you guys can do for us is condemn this
horrible Terror and stand by our side
forces are fighting at the B with the
Hamas terrorist every Israeli
wants to kill Hamas terrist if require
will you take the gun and go to the B
for the
country I will do everything in my power
to have Israel win
everything