Gaza continues to reel under a dire
humanitarian crisis at least 9,700
Palestinians have been killed and close
to 1 million civilians displaced in Gaza
world leaders and Global organizations
have been repeatedly calling for a
humanitarian passage to allow supplies
into the water own region and the
Jordanian Air Force has confirmed that
it has conducted an airdrop to a field
Hospital in Gaza in the early hours of
Monday The Sovereign of Jordan's ex
social media account reported that the
air drop contains crucial Medical Aid to
extend supplies which were due supplies
due to a delay at the Rafa Crossing and
this week after the nation recalled its
ambassador to Israel condemning Israeli
air strikes on the Strip as the killing
of Innocents and a
humanitarian
catastrophe Russia too has flown in 60
tons of humanitarian relief on two
strategic
airlifters and according to the Russian
Ministry of of emergency situations the
aid package contains Food hygiene goods
and mattresses that are being
transferred to the Egyptian red crescent
Society for distribution in
Gaza now in the latest development of
French military airplane carrying 18
tons of humanitarian aid for Gaza
arrived in Egypt on Saturday and
according to reports the supplies sent
by France include medicine food and
generators now in Gaza City of Onis Khan
civilians have started depending on
firewood for cooking as fuel shortages
reached critical levels in the area and
the crisis arises in the backdrop of
Israel blocking fuel supplies to
Gaza
world food program and other
humanitarian organizations are urging a
safe passage to deliver Aid to civilians
in Gaza the wfp chief released a written
statement on Sunday which reveals that
the a currently entering Gaza is nowhere
near enough to meet the needs of people
in the besieged arm
cave people are living in a horrific
nightmare food and water are running out
a steady flow of Aid is needed to meet
the desperate needs now humanitarians
must be able to deliver it safely and
civilians must be able to reach it
safely without this lives will be lost
and conflict will
spread meanwhile Pope France has also
made an urgent plea for halt to the
conflict in Gaza and he also reitor
itated the call for AAS fire to allow
for for a corridor for Aid to reach the
region
for