[Music]
at the Senate half they gathered to
honor the service of Jewish men and
women in the British Armed Forces an
annual event but this year with
heightened significance and security
amid concern about the rise in
anti-Semitism since the Israel Hamas War
Began we we talked about it we thought
you know are we going to be safe and
actually we feel very safe and it's
really important to to stand up and be
counted we have a cousin in Israel who
lost her grandson 2 days ago in Gaza in
Gaza and so it's even more important
that we're here the commemorations took
place on Mitzvah day when Jews lead
charity events around the country in
North London they were joined by an Imam
and local Muslims Keen to work together
despite their differing views on the
conflict in the Middle East most of us
um would like to see a situation in
which peace can be restored to that area
um obviously it's very complex situation
uh the grief is not uh exclusive to one
side or to the other uh and it's really
important that we remember that one of
the things that unites us is our grief
and the other thing that unites us is
our desire to see a peaceful solution to
this I believe that we need a ceasefire
and we need it now uh and uh there has
to be another way of resolving this
situation would Hamas observe a Seas
fire I hope they do uh I know that there
have in the past been ceasefires that
have been agreed and people have abided
by those ceas fires but what other
alternative do we have do we just
continue to watch babies women children
the elderly just being bombed every
single day it's the question many are
demanding politicians answer with
intense pressure on the labor leader who
is visiting a synagogue to mark mits for
day but address the concern conerns of
several of his own MPS who want him to
back a ceasefire I think everybody in
the party is concerned to do everything
they can to alleviate the suffering that
we're seeing in Israel and Gaza so in
that sense there's great Unity but many
in Britain feel far from United despite
the efforts of community leaders to try
to bring them together Becky Johnson Sky
News North London