[Applause]
now a Chant by these protesters that has
become the rallying call to bring their
loved ones home families of captives
being held in Gaza were joined by
thousands of Israelis as they marched
from the Gaza border to West Jerusalem
demanding for the remaining captives to
be released we are here marching in
support of the families of those who
have been kidnapped wishing that they
will be released soon and be safe and
we're praying for them and every step
that we're
taking over the course of 4 days these
demonstrators tried to send a message to
Israel's government that not enough is
being done to secure the captives
release meanwhile behind the scenes
mediators are hoping to solidify a deal
that would see a 6 week pause in the
fighting and the release of dozens of
captives and in Tel Aviv it's the third
week of anti-government
demonstrations protesters say they want
elections to be held immediately and say
Netanyahu is to blame for the country's
current state of affairs I'm against the
government which behaves like the worst
fascist that ever be they studied
everything that Germany did to us we are
are doing now to the
Palestinians and uh the only thing that
I can
do is
demonstrate at least seven people were
arrested after demonstrators broke
through police barricades and blocked
roads but as a deal to release the
captives and ensure a ceasefire remains
elusive it is unlikely that people here
will be deterred from speaking up up and
continuing to take to the streets
Israeli police say they want to crack
down on what they're calling illegal
demonstrations that block roads which is
why they've set up some of these iron
gates that you can see behind me but
demonstrators are vwing to block roads
every single Saturday until there is a
change within Israel's government H Al
Tel
Aviv make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer