alors Azaria arrived at the Israeli
military appeals court with a smile on
his face convinced he was justified in
killing a Palestinian attacker back in
March 2016 on Sunday his appeal was
rejected as the court ruled the former
soldier committed a forbidden and
immoral act that greatly damages the
Israeli Army's values today's ruling
includes important assertions legal and
moral regarding the values of the
Israeli army and the importance of
keeping them especially regarding the
value of the ethical use of arms the
ruling is sharp clear and resonating
it's assertions will be studied for many
years Zaria claims he was acting in
self-defense when he shot Abdul Fattah
of Sharif in the head he says he feared
al Sharif who was lying wounded on the
ground was wearing an explosive belt the
killing was caught on video and at his
first hearing in January Azaria was
found guilty of manslaughter the case
has deeply divided the country with top
army generals pushing for his areas
prosecution while right-wing politicians
including Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu called for the 21 year old to
be pardoned Netanyahu tweeted after the
verdict that he would continue to demand
a pardon for his area the defense
minister also asked the family to stop
appealing and request a pardon from the
military chief of staff
Azari 'as family say they will lodge an
appeal with Israel's Supreme Court
anyway until a pardon becomes official
as soon as we get an official
announcement from the defense minister
or the prime minister we will consider
and evaluate the victim's family did not
attend the hearing and the Palestinian
government said the 18th month sentence
was a green light for soldiers to kill
with impunity mazar-e has been on house
arrest since completing his three-year
military service on July 20th his
imprisonment had been postponed pending
his appeal