United States House speaker Kevin
McCarthy who is on a two-day visit to
Israel addressed the Israeli Parliament
today he pledged to fully fund security
Aid to Israel while he's the speaker
while insisting it's up to the people
to the Israeli people to decide on
judicial reforms McCarthy is the second
U.S House speaker to address Israel's
knesset Israel's government has
portrayed McCarthy's visit as a nod to
bipartisan U.S support for Israel as it
marks 75 years since its creation
addressing the knesset he lauded U.S
Israel ties and pledged that America
will always stand by the Jewish State
and defend it
as long as I am speaker America will
continue to support fully funding for
security assistance in Israel
McCarthy also denounced Iranian
aggression in the Middle East and its
funding of Terror proxies in the region
while slamming the Communist part of
China for stealing technology in the
guise of innovation McCarthy's address
to the Israeli Parliament comes in the
backdrop of the ongoing unrest over the
proposed judicial reforms in Israel and
passing of the state budget before May
26th to avoid dissolution
16 weeks of widespread protests against
the judicial overall had brought many
parts of Israel to a standstill
our correspondent Jody Cohen sent us
this report from Jerusalem
U.S House of Representatives speaker
Kevin McCarthy suggested that if
President Biden doesn't invite prime
minister Netanyahu to the U.S soon he
will as he pledged that the U.S will
fully fund security Aid to Israel and
supports the Abraham Accords while he's
speaker leading a bipartisan delegation
McCarthy is in Israel to address the
Israeli parliament in Jerusalem becoming
only the second U.S House speaker to do
so this is also McCarthy's first
official overseas visit since becoming
speaker so it's seen as especially
significant this is Jody Curran for we
on world as one
[Music]