this is him and his 2-year-old daughter
all the way in Ottawa Maha buasi still
feels pain and loss my father's brother
his son so my cousin and my cousin's
daughter uh which are three generations
of the same family all uh were killed by
an Israeli air strike but she's hoping a
new program announced by the federal
government will spare some of her over
200 family members stuck in Gaza the
same fate it comes down to a point where
I just want them to be able to have
their basic necessities and if it takes
bringing them here to give them that um
it would mean the world I've signaled
over the last few weeks announced in
late December family members of
Canadians and permanent residents will
be able to apply for a study or work
permit which would allow them to stay in
Canada for up to 3 years but the program
will only allow a th000 entrance from
Gaza a number that will likely be
quickly filled most of the folks that
are going to try to apply for this
program are not going to be able to come
in because just me with the the small
group of lawyers that I know we already
know more than a thousand people that
want to apply for this program similar
immigration restrictions were not an
issue for ukrainians fleeing war with
over 900,000 applications approved to
Grant temporary travel documents to come
to Canada and the federal government has
surpassed their original goal by helping
settle over 45,000 refugees from
Afghanistan I don't think there should
be a cap just yesterday morning I
received another email from a family who
stuck in Gaza who was urgently looking
to get out Global Affairs Canada says
there are 150 Canadians in Gaza in a
similar position but if warned that it's
up to both Israel and Egypt to determine
who can leave the territory little
comfort for bues if I could I would
bring everybody here but unfortunately
that's definitely not uh realistic we
reached out to immigration Minister Mark
Miller's office for an interview but
Caroline he was not
available Mackenzie gra Ottawa thanks