in this part of the West Bank settlement
of meeron the streets are named for the
former Israeli settlements in Gaza this
is now home to nurel fredman one of
8,000 Jewish settlers evacuated from
Gaza almost 20 years ago in his garden
nurel has planted the seed of an olive
tree from Gaza then he was 20 now a
reservist in the Israeli Army he hopes
the current military operation in Gaza
will allow him to return
yes I want to go back and more than that
I think it should happen and that it's
only just if you ask me what is Gush
katif it's my home a home I miss a lot I
want to go
back in his living room an entire wall
is dedicated to memories of
Gaza under international law these
Jewish settlements were not legal when
Israel withdrew from Gaza in 2005 it
destroyed almost everything it had built
there I think the withdrawal cut Society
in two those who said it would bring
peace and that everything would be fine
and that the others who said that if we
left gush katif the Palestinians would
fire Rockets all over the
country for many Jewish settlers the
evacuation from Gaza is an enduring
trauma under this tent volunteers gather
supplies including us donations for the
Israelis evacuated from the south after
the Hamas attack on October the 7th the
teenagers here are exhilarated by
Israel's military response in
Gaza the people of Israel think that
Hamas is the only thing stopping us but
that's not true it's not just Hamas it's
everyone in Gaza they all hate us it
doesn't matter if they're in Hamas or
not but for many in the International
Community Israel's occupation of
Palestinian land is an obstacle to the
two-state solution to this conflict