I'm here right on Israel's Southern
border with Egypt and this is a crossing
point where normally under the current
deal trucks carrying humanitarian Aid
destined for Gaza cross through and are
inspected by Israeli troops before being
allowed to go onto the Rafa Crossing and
go into Gaza itself but today this
crossing point is blocked by a crowd of
Israeli protesters they're people from
all over the country some of them are
relatives of hostage is held inside Gaza
some of them have family members who are
soldiers serving there but all of them
say they don't want this humanitarian
Aid to get into the hands of
Hamas we don't know anything about
what's happened to Sasha we don't know
if he's alive or what he needs to stay
alive there is nothing humanitarian
about what Hamas is doing it's a bit
hypocritical to criticize us with
questions about humanitarian
Aid we've stopped hundreds of of trucks
from fueling Kash that's what the enemy
is only kamash not the Palestinian
civilians no one else and instead of
fueling them with Aid We're start trying
to stop
it countries around the world and Aid
groups have repeatedly sounded the alert
about the dire humanitarian situation
inside Gaza we asked this organization
spokeswoman whether she thought these
actions weren't worsening the suffering
of Palestinians there
nobody here wants to starve the
Palestinian civilian population of Gaza
but we're at War right now we've been at
War for more than 130 days if we want
this war to end Hamas must be destroyed
and dismantled that's it it would be
good for the civilian population of Gaza
and of course very good for Israel
too this group takes action like this
around three times a week so some
humanitarian Aid is still getting
through to Gaza but these protesters
have vowed to continue continue with the
campaign