after the week-long pause in Gaza
fighting ended Israel has resumed
military operations in
Gaza now 30 minutes after the ceasefire
expired at 700 a.m. local time Israeli
fighter jets hit Hamas Targets in Gaza
accusing the Palestinian militant group
of firing rockets at Israel and
violating the agreement to free all
women held as
hostages
according to gaza's health Ministry at
least 29 Palestinians were killed and
dozens more were injured across the Gaza
Strip during the first 3 hours since the
TRU deal with Israel expired Israel has
stepped up its offensive in conun
this is what remains of a residential
apartment locals are trying to look for
any survivors under the rubble a body
was pulled from the rubble of a
destroyed
building
[Music]
following Israeli strikes people were
seen fleeing to camps in the west of
canun for cover after heavy firing
shelling and seeing smoke rising in the
east of the town the wounded
Palestinians were rushed to NASA
Hospital in kanun in the southern Gaza
Strip for treatment as Israel continued
to pound the area Israel has dropped
leaflets in parts of already bombarded
Southern Gaza urging people to leave
homes east of the city of kanun the
leaflets also warned that kanun was now
a dangerous Battle
Zone the Israeli Army has published a
map dividing Gaza into hundreds of small
zones they intend to notify Palestinian
civilians of areas which are active
combat zones according to an
announcement published on the Army's
website Palestinians have been asked to
pay attention to their area's number as
per the map and follow security updates
on evacuations when the idf's ground
offensive expands to the strip
South Sirens warning of potential
missile fire sound wed around several
communities near Gaza in the hour after
the fighting resumed according to
reports hamas's armed Wing has resumed
combat and uh this to quote unquote
defend the Gaza Strip with heavy
fighting reported in parts of Gaza
City
[Music]