lebanon's Hezbollah said it launched
missiles and drones at a military
facility in Northern Israel in
retaliation for strikes that killed
members of the group now the Israeli
military said that the incident left 14
soldiers wounded the military said six
of the soldiers were in serious
condition it said it struck the sources
of fire after identifying several
anti-tank missile and drone launches
from Lebanon towards the beduan village
of Arab Al Aram as per Lebanese security
sources Israeli strikes on Tuesday
killed three people including a hisbah
field commander Israeli National
Security Minister called for the war
cabinet to be disbanded as per reports
itamar bengu said that it's time to
dismantle the concept cabinet stop the
policy of containment and
proportionality and show our enemies
who's in charge now Israeli forces and
Hezbollah have been exchanging fire for
over 6 months in parallel to the Gaza
war in the most serious hostilities
since they fought a major war back in
2006 Israeli Jets hit hisbah
infrastructure north of balbec in East
Lebanon reaching beyond the southern
border region where Tel Aviv has focused
most of its
strikes Gaza officials slammed Israeli
air strike on a unrwa school four were
killed including two children and dozens
were injured
and Israeli military official stated
that the Air Force is preparing the
country's air defenses for future
attacks from Iran now the AR3 system
that's designed to intercept longrange
ballistic missiles was deployed
successfully against a missile Salvo for
the first time over the weekend the
arrow success on Saturday night is
likely to please Germany which recently
signed a contract with Israel and the
United States to procure the system
[Music]