an emotional homecoming following more
than 4 months in captivity in Gaza the
rescue of 61 year-old Fernando marman
and 7-year-old Lewis har was conducted
by Israeli Security Forces under the
cover of
Darkness they were kidnapped on October
7th by Hamas fighters from a kabut in
southern
Israel at 149 in the morning Special
Forces broke into a building in the
heart of Rafa there on the second floor
Lewis and Fernando were held by Hamas
following exchanges of gunfire they were
evacuated and flown directly to a
medical center in Tel Aviv the Israeli
military says it launched a wave of
attacks in Rafa where more than 1.4
million Palestinians are Sheltering in
coordination with the rescue dozens of
Palestinians were killed in strikes
there
overnight Israel's government is
promising to bring back the other 134
hostages still being held in G
protesters including families of the
hostages are holding regular
demonstrations criticizing the
government of prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu for apparently being unwilling
to strike a deal with Hamas to secure
their
release right now the situation for me
is that the cabinet the prime minister
is giving up on my family and the rest
of the
hostages well it's been more than 10
days since the US Qatar and Egypt put
together a proposal that would see the
release of hostages in exchange for a
humanitarian truce but so far Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin nyaho has
refused to make any concessions and has
vowed to continue the war against Hamas
angering the families worried for their
loved ones in
Gaza but I must say that the job is not
done we are happy today but it's not a
we didn't win it's just another step
towards bringing all the other 134
hostages back home Hamas says if Israel
pushes ahead with its plans to Launch
ground invasion in Rafa negotiating for
hostages will be off the
table something keeping these protesters
up at night calling for a change in
their government Randolph Nole trt World
occupied East
[Music]
Jerusalem