[Music]
[Music]
you
[Music]
simmering Israel Iran tensions boiled
over with Iran launching an
unprecedented direct Iranian assault on
us Ally Israel over 300 drones and
missiles were fired from Iran towards
Israel
[Music]
a barrage of objects were seen flying
through the night sky over Bethlehem
from Iran and headed towards Israel
Sirens were activated in Jerusalem at
around 1:45 a.m. local time in the we
hours of Sunday morning
Iranian missiles or drones were
intercepted in the sky above the
Jordanian Capital Aman US forces said
they had downed some Iran launched
attack drones flying towards
[Music]
Israel Iran's ballistic missiles hit the
Israeli nevatim Abbas in the al- nakab
desert as per the Islamic Republic news
agency multiple ballistic missiles hit
the base as was seen in the footage
circulated on social media the United
States United Kingdom and Jordan say
they have shot down several
drones as Aid Sirens rang out the Israel
Defense Forces assured that its aerial
defense array was fully operational
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu said the country is ready for
every scenario as he underscored that
Israel would hit back and defeat its
enemies
[Music]
it's been a flurry of activity in Israel
and the United States after Iran
announced it had fired the missiles
under what it called operation through
promise it specified that the attack was
in retaliation for what it calls
Israel's repeated crimes including the
April 1st attack on the Iranian
consulate US president president met his
National Security team in the White
House Situation Room for an update on
Iran's attacks against Israel a White
House statement condemned the attack by
Iran President Biden said he would call
a meeting of G7 leaders to build towards
a diplomatic resolution on Monday he
also spoke to prime minister Netanyahu
over the phone assuring full backing for
Israel in Israel the chief of staff
called a meeting of top military
officials on the way forward after the
Iranian attack for all the latest news
download the weon app And subscribe to
our YouTube channel