now the US and Qatar have reached an
agreement that the qataris will not act
on any requests from Teran to access the
$6 billion doar in Iranian funds and
this was informed by a Us official on
Thursday These funds were blocked last
month as a part of a prisoner swap deal
the US officials did not describe the
money as Frozen permanently but said
that case by case applications to spend
it under the current Arrangement will be
denied for the foreseeable future take a
listen
none of the funds that have now gone to
Cutter have actually been spent or
accessed in any way uh by Iran indeed
funds from that account are overseen by
the treasury Department can only be
dispensed for humanitarian Goods food
medicine medical equipment and never
touch Iranian hands um we have strict
oversight of the funds and we retain the
right to freeze them the move comes
after harsh criticism mainly from
Republicans that the Biden
administration had given Iran a was Sum
to provide support to Hamas before it
attacked Israel last week and to clarify
this Iran supreme leader on Tuesday said
that tan was not involved in the Hamas
attack on
Israel
regime
for the move reflects just how rapidly
the Hamas massacre in Israel has rehap
shaped us relations in the region and as
Israeli Pummel Gaza and retaliation the
White House has reaffirmed its
commitment to its allies with Secretary
of State Anthony blinkin traveling to
Israel in a show of support and he has
currently landed in
Jordan and our correspondent Susan Tani
explains as to why us and Qi governments
have agreed to block Iran from accessing
the $6 billion fund take a
listen the news of holding off on the
funds come as the Biden Administration
has been heavily criticized for striking
that $6 billion deal with Iran in the
first place notably uh not only from
Republican presidential candidates but
the Republican party as a whole on
Capitol Hill reacting to this news the
Iranian mission to the United Nations
called the reports unreliable and quote
unquote distant from reality meanwhile
there is a Democrat named Brad Sherman
he's a senior member of the House
Foreign Affairs committee he says his
understanding is that this deal with
Qatar is temporary and it's not clear
whether or not the funds will ultimately
be sent back to South Korea or
[Music]
not