US President Joe Biden has said that
Israel has agreed to Halt its Gaza
offensive during the holy month of
Ramadan under a ceasefire deal that is
being negotiated negotiators from Egypt
Qatar United States and France are
working with the Waring
sides now they are working to clinch a
Deal Seeking a halt to the 5 Monon long
fighting which has claimed more than
30,000 lives so far according to a
writer's report Hamas has received a
draft proposal from Gaza TR STS impa
which includes a 40-day pause in all
military operations and the exchange of
Palestinian prisoners for Israeli
hostages at a ratio of 10 to1 according
to the report by writers under the
proposed ceasefire hospitals and
bakeries in Gaza would be repaired and
500 Aid trucks would enter into The
Enclave each day in New York Biden was
asked when such an agreement might start
and Biden responded by saying a deal is
very close and that he hopes that a
ceasefire will be achieved by
Monday I hope by the the beginning of
the weekend I mean the end of the
weekend at least my my my National
Security advisor tells me that we're
close we're close it's not done yet and
My Hope Is by next Monday we'll have a
ceasefire Israeli Prime Minister Benin
Netanyahu had earlier dismissed The
Troop withdrawal demand as delusional he
says any ceasefire deal would only delay
at best a milit incursion into the
southern Gaza City of Rafa around 1.4
million Palestinians have sought shelter
in this region of Rafa as Israeli forces
took down other Gaza cities one by one
Israeli forces marched into Gaza days
after the Hamas militant group launched
the October 7th attack on Israel nearly
1200 people were killed in Israel and
more than 250 were taken hostage by
Hamas 130 hostages which includes 31 who
are presumed dead remain in Gaza till
date after a onewe truce in November
helped secure the release of some of the
hostages Hamas run Gaza Health Ministry
claims that over 29,000 people have been
killed in Israeli Onslaught that
followed the October 7th
attacks