a US landlord has been charged with
murder and hate crimes after he stabbed
a Muslim woman and a 6-year-old boy
dozens of times the police has linked
the attacks to the Israel Hamas conflict
President Joe Biden has condemned the
deadly stabbing attack he said and I'm
quoting here this horrific Act of hate
has no place in America and stands
against our fundamental values Freedom
From Fear for how we pray what we
believe and who we are he added that he
was praying for the recovery of the
boy's mother who was also severely
wounded in the attack Will County
Sheriff's Office released a mugshot of
the 71-year-old suspect who was charged
with first degree murder here is the man
on your screens he attempted first
degree murder two counts of hate crime
and aggravated battery with a deadly
weapon officers found both victims at a
home in an un Incorporated area of
planfield Township roughly 5 km
southwest of Chicago
yesterday the ex-wife the mother of the
boy and the boy were in their um unit
basically they're renting a floor in the
house of this man who committed this
crime when he knocked on their door she
opened it he had knocked on the door
many times before um she had no reason
to suspect anything and when he opened
the door he proceeded to choke her the
mother who's 32 years old her name is
Hanan and attempted to stab her and she
ran into the bathroom and called 911 and
by the time she came out he had located
and murdered her child six-year-old
wedia by stabbing this all happened in
seconds I know this because she texted
this information to the father who
shared the text with me um she is now
lying in the hospital in serious
condition even residents of the area was
shocked by the
incident heartbreaking and again it's
because it's in this community he had
nothing to do with it all because he was
an innocent child he was Muslim that's
what happened he was Muslim and this is
what they did this is what this monster
did the Muslim civil liberties
organization has called the crime our
worst nightmare and part of a disturbing
spike in hate calls and emails since the
outbreak of violence in the Middle
[Music]
East