following President Biden's announcement
of a new effort to get Aid into Gaza by
sea a ship is waiting in Cyprus loaded
up with food to head into the strip but
has not yet set sail the food on board
that vessel is being provided by World
Central Kitchen the charity run by Chef
Jose Andre they say they are ready to go
technically there are no problems but
they say there is a diplomat IC hold up
at this point that is preventing them
from setting sail not clear what that
hold up is humanitarian organizations
are saying that these Aid drops by air
we've seen over the last couple of weeks
this new effort to get Aid in by SE is
really no substitute for the effective
delivery of Aid by land into Gaza from
Israel from Egypt and for creating safe
conditions on the ground for that food
to actually be distributed to people who
need it this temporary Pier that
President Biden has directed the US
military to build off the coast of Gaza
is going to take two months to set up
that's according to us officials the UN
is saying people in Gaza are already on
the brink of famine that there are
children in the north of the strip dying
of malnutrition and
dehydration here in Jerusalem
Palestinian Muslims are marking the
first full day of Ramadan the Islamic
holy month this is normally a time of
Celebration a time of being with family
of feeling close to God but there is a
heaviness in Jerusalem today one
38-year-old man told our team this is
the most painful Ramadan he can remember
as he sees the images out of Gaza
there's also a very heavy Israeli
security presence here in East Jerusalem
right now including a new set of
checkpoints that really look like
something more out of the occupied West
Bank than what we're used to see here in
the old city of Jerusalem rap Sanchez
NBC News
Jerusalem