pressure is mounting on the Israeli
government to reach a deal with Hamas
approaching the sixth month Mark of the
war relatives of hostages are becoming
impatient calling for the resignation of
Benjamin Netanyahu I demand that
Netanyahu go home and leave us alone so
we can lead the country and that
somebody else will bring back my son
Matan and the rest of the hostages talks
resumed Sunday in Cairo between the two
sides over a ceasefire deal Israel's
primary demand is the release of its
hostages taken captive on October 7
mediated by Qatar and Egypt current
negotiations are for the release of 40
of the 130 hostages still held by the
islamist group in Gaza in return Hamas
wants Palestinian prisoners detained in
Israel to be released hundreds of
thousands of displaced gazans to be able
to return to the north of The Enclave in
a permanent ceasefire but since the
Netanyahu government is pledging to
destroy the militant group responsible
for the attacks which killed 1,200
people in southern Israel full
withdrawal is off the table and instead
a six we truce is being negotiated
another major hold back in achieving a
deal has been reaching an agreement over
the ratio of Palestinian prisoners to be
released there were original hopes for a
ceasefire for the beginning of the
Muslim hly month of Ramadan but more
than halfway through those talks have
stalled leaving no rest pite for the
residents of Gaza where over 32,000
people have been killed according to
Hamas leading to more pressure from the
International Community after the UN
Security Council called for an immediate
ceasefire
only a one week long ceasefire in
November has been achieved since the
start of the war