[Music]
Yahoo desean might be the most popular
ex Israeli soldier among Palestinians in
Hebron a city he once served in for a
year and it's what he saw then that made
him decide to bear witness publicly for
me it was quite a terrifying moment
because when smeltery rhinology and
military we are thinking stop being the
way I viewed the world I
just couldn't justify any more ninety
percent of actions I don't part it yeah
and it's that strong sense that
something was wrong that brought me to
RM today yoohoo deformed breaking the
silence with other fellow soldiers from
his battalion the organization collects
testimonials from soldiers who've served
across the occupied territory
breaking the silence is one of many
Israeli organizations that have made it
their mission to raise awareness about
what they see as the immorality of the
occupation
but all of them could now be facing
intense scrutiny because of a new law
put forward by the government the
transparency
legislation is about being transparent
to know who are the
foreign government there are behind
various
NGOs and we feel that we need to know
that this country or another country are
trying to influence these real politics
this is nothing to do with transparency
nothing to do a for intervention
internal politics this is all about
silencing anyone who speaks against the
occupation
this is about pursuing a policy maintain
and entrench the settlement project and
the occupation as we can see it in here
in everyone and anybody who knows the
occupation knows that the only way to
keep it as if there is silent about it
yehuda says you will not be silent until
the story of the occupation ends but how
far his voice will echo across israel
and the occupied territories is another
story Xena odd TRT world Hebron
you
[Music]