the stakes couldn't be higher tens of
thousands killed hundreds of thousands
displaced countless numbers at risk of
famine these are the numbers that hung
over the international court of justice
in the Netherlands on Thursday the un's
highest place of Justice listening to
accusations from South Africa that
Israel is guilty of genocide against the
Palestinians South Africa
contends that Israel has transgressed
article two of the convention
by committing actions that fall within
the definition of
genocide the actions show a systematic
pattern of conduct from which genocide
can be inferred Thursday marks the
opening of proceedings that legal
experts have warned could take years
before yielding any ultimate decision
the accusations though were unequivocal
Israel's special genocidal intent is
rooted in the belief that in fact the
enemy is not just the military wing of
Hamas or indeed Hamas generally but is
embedded in the fabric of Palestinian
life in
Gaza outside the court pro-israel and
pro Palestinian protesters gathered
ahead of what was just two days of
arguments Israel's opening rebuttal to
the accusations will come on Friday it's
already called South Africa's case false
and
baseless initially the court has to
decide whether it has jurisdiction over
the case then it has to respond to an
urgent request to demand Israel
immediately halts military activity in
Gaza and lets more humanitarian Aid in
South Africa now respectfully and humbly
calls on this honorable Court to do what
is in its power to do to indicate the
provisional measures that are so
urgently required to prevent further
irreparable harm to the the Palestinian
people in Gaza whose hopes including for
their very survival are now vested in
this court whatever this Court decides
will ultimately be binding for Israel
which is a signatory to the convention
on genocide enforcing any judgment
though could well prove elusive so too
could the question of time while
consideration around legal principles
often has far-reaching
ramifications the issue of delay does as
well doin trt world at the inter
National court of justice in the
[Music]
ha