now some support an Israeli invasion of
Gaza others want a prisoner swap
relatives of dozens seized by Hamas say
that they are united in their demand the
Israeli government must end their
nightmare more than 3 weeks after shock
cross B Hamas attacks the fearful
families feel that they're just starting
to be taken seriously by the authorities
at the headquarters of the hostages and
missing families Forum in Tel Aviv some
Israelis said ensuring the safety of all
h hostages and destroying Hamas are
actually two conflicting goals that
cannot be achieved
together and we are just hoping that
netan and all the other politicians and
the people that get this decision won't
forget the hostages and we think about
them before any decision that they are
making Hamas took more than 200 hostages
including children back into Gaza during
its raids and it it has so far released
four and claimed on Thursday that
Israeli bombing had killed another
50 everyone are in sorrow but we need to
rush we need to understand that time
goes
by we we have no clue we are not uh
political people or you know military
people we are twoo simple people that
try to save our sister and we must tell
the story as much as possible and it
doesn't matter in which way everybody
can
help on Saturday Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu held a hastily
arranged encounter with other relatives
who had threatened to organize protests
over the lack of contact from the
government the next day about 80 hostage
relatives met with President ISAC HW
they said that the president assured
them that bringing out hostages from
Gaza is a key
aim I'm trying to hold the thought that
anyone in the authority Israeli
authorities are doing their best and to
bring all the hostages back home but I
do think that uh if they're not here if
they're not back then there's always
more to
do Hamas leaders have demanded the
release of some 5200 Palestinian
prisoners in Israeli jails in exchange
for the October 7 hostages but Israel's
defense minister y Kanan told some
relatives on Sunday that Hamas was
playing psychological games and he said
that the military campaign would help
end the captive
crisis