Israel's merciless Siege of Gaza is now
pushing those inside over the brink Ved
late has come in as negotiations
continue over a un Security Council vote
to demand a ceasefire those supplies
that do arrive are greeted with massive
lines of people desperate to feed their
families mostly in southern
Gaza the war brought up an unbearable
level of humiliation too much struggle
and humiliation so we can only be able
to provide
life here has become so expensive it's
unbearable we do not eat drink or sleep
probably and nothing is available and
it's getting worse as Israel's
bombardment in the north forced more
than 2 million to flee South for shelter
a un back report says acute food
insecurity in Gaza is currently the
worst ever recorded globally more severe
than in Afghanistan or Yemen what is
happening in Gaza is
unprecedented both in terms terms of its
scale but also how quickly it is
happening you know in the world right
now there are about
130,000 people who are in
catastrophic levels of hunger meaning
they're Starving in
Gaza more than half a million that is
four times more and that is what makes
this totally
unprecedented the food crisis is only
only the latest humanitarian disaster to
emerge gaza's hospitals and medical
facilities are almost non-existent in
the north the who says there's not a
single Hospital still functioning
Israeli soldiers continue to raid
refugee camps like jabalia in the North
taking away paramedics while women and
children remain trapped that's why many
are fleeing to the South but even there
they cannot Escape Tel aviv's wrath
eight Marchers were hit at 12: in the
morning they were hit by an F-16 my
daughter her husband and this is my
grandson he was a baby four months old
he was an only child she only had this
son it's all falling on De years as
Israel insists its actions are Justified
and it will continue the onslaught shib
Hass trt
world