Lieutenant Colonel Jonathan from the IDF
here I am in the chifa hospital as you
can see from the sign behind me and as
you can clearly see from the building
based on intelligence information and an
operational necessity Ida forces are
carrying out a precise and targeted
operation against Hamas in a specified
area in the shifa hospital the IDF is
conducting a ground operation in Gaza
to defeat Hamas and rescue our hostages
follow me as we go in and we will see
the MRI Center and see the weapons that
Hamas has hidden
inside this is where patients come in
order to get MRI Services we proceed
into a more secluded
area and the lighting here is out so
we're using
flashlights we're now as you can see in
in an MRI
room I don't know when this was used the
last time I don't know when it was used
the last time but it is definitely an
MRI machine and if you follow me behind
the MRI machine I'll show you what our
troops exposed just minutes ago in
military terms this is a grab bag grab
and go of a Hamas combatant and if you
zoom in and we get some light over here
what you will be able to see are is
military equipment there is a an
AK-47 there are cartridges am ammo uh
there are grenades in here of course
uniform and all of that this was hidden
very conveniently secretly behind the
MRI machine on the other side we found a
backpack with what appears to be very
important intelligence including a
laptop and we'll show you that
momentarily let's go see the next
room so so we're still in the MRI center
the backpack was found in here and it
was also hidden behind the MRI machine
as you can see the rest of the equipment
here is proper hospital equipment right
bandages and medical gear uh it seems as
if there's no real shortage because
there's a lot of equipment here but
we'll leave that for another discussion
let's go see weapons and other
prohibited
items
from breaking news d detailed analysis
in-depth interviews and explainers
follow the times of India subscribe to
our YouTube channel don't forget to like
our videos and hit the Bell icon to stay
updated with the
latest