in Pakistan a group of students had a
terrifying close call they were using a
cable car that connects to another
village where their school is located
when the cables snapped turning a
four-minute journey into an hours-long
mid-air Rescue Mission here's ctv's John
venaveli Rao
stuck halfway across a Ravine and
trapped inside six children and two
adults who used to lift daily to get to
a school in a mountainous region with
few roads the race to rescue them
happening in an area north of Islamabad
the children ranging in age from 11 to
15. the car essentially hanging by a
thread 300 meters up after a cable snap
relatives and people on the ground
watching and praying as Pakistan's
military early on sent helicopters in a
daring move a Commando tried to repel to
the car but some worried the Chopper's
downwash could destabilize it and break
the remaining cable and the first
attempts were aborted
across Pakistan people were transfixed
by the rescue efforts which were also
hampered by strong winds eventually a
harness was lowered to a passenger who
then stepped out of the car and was
lifted to safety to the cheers of those
watching but as Darkness approached the
Choppers were called off Rescuers then
deployed a makeshift chair lift and
showing incredible bravery and managed
to create a ziplock
passengers were then pulled to safety
for some nearly 16 hours after their
ordeal began when the helicopter
operation could not go on uh in the dark
I think The Rescuers made this Brave
decent because they didn't want the kids
to be waiting all night and the parents
to be suffering from anxiety in rural
regions of Pakistan cable cars are
common and tonight many leaders there
calling for new inspections of them
Montana Valley Rao CTV News Toronto