well moving on Iran's foreign minister
whose government supports Hamas and
other West Asian militant groups has
warned of opening a new front against
Israel would depend on Israel's actions
in Gaza although thean has been a
long-term backer of the Hamas Iranian
officials have been adamant that the
country has no involvement in the attack
against Israel last
week regime
bazas
Israel which has vowed to crush Hamas is
now preparing for a possible ground of
offensive while the country's political
and military leaders we the next move
they are nervously watching Hezbollah on
Israel's northern border and have sent
troop reinforcements to the area
Hezbollah with an arsenal of tens of
thousands of rockets and missiles
capable of hitting virtually anywhere in
Israel is viewed as a far more
formidable uh player than the Hamas
hence Israel is anxious that opening the
new front in the country's North could
change the tide of the war with
hezbollah's military caliber far
superior to the that of Hamas but the
fighting could be equally devastating
for Hezbollah and Lebanon and as the
Israel Hamas War continues to enrage uh
to rage on Egypt's President on Thursday
said the gazans must stay steadfast and
remain on their land amid calls for
Cairo to allow safe passage for
civilians stuck in Gaza during a
military ceremony the president further
added that the delivery of eight during
the ongoing war will continue and even
affirmed kyo's firm position in
providing pales iians legitimate rights
the Rafa border crossing between Egypt
and Gaza is the only passage not
controlled by Israel Israel has
bombarded the Hamas ruled Gaza Strip
since last week in retaliation to the
surprise attack that has until now
killed 1300 people in uh Israel and 1500
in Gaza Egypt has pushed for a
diplomatic solution and called for
restrain from both sides the president
even asserted that his country's
National Security was his primary
respons
[Music]
responsibility