[Music]
I mean I am filled with horror that's
what I can say I think I'm filled with
horror about the attack by Hamas I'm
filled with for boing about what Mr
Netanyahu might do in return and I just
hope that there can be a cessation of
hostilities at the earliest point I mean
I'm just happy to still be here to say
so um but um it was a clo it was you
know it was a close thing uh of course
it's a reminder but actually I don't
think it's right to say that I had ever
forgotten you um I mean I was always
aware that the possibility existed
um I'm just sorry that it happened you
know and and and uh fortunate fortunate
to be here it's very worrying that one
of the major political parties in the
United States is seems to have departed
from democratic values and move towards
a kind of culture of
[Music]
personality
[Music]
I mean I am filled with horror that's
what I can say I think I'm filled with
horror about the attack by Hamas I'm
filled with for boing about what Mr
Netanyahu might do in return and I just
hope that there can be a cessation of
hostilities at the earliest point I mean
I'm just happy to still be here to say
so um but um it was a clo it was you
know it was a close thing uh of course
it's a reminder but actually I don't
think it's right to say that I had ever
forgotten you know um I mean I was
always
aware that the possibility
existed um I'm just sorry that it
happened you know and and and uh
fortunate fortunate to be here it's very
worrying that one of the major political
parties in the United States is seems to
have departed from democratic values and
moved towards a kind of culture of
personality from breaking news detailed
analysis in-depth interviews and
explainers follow the times of India
subscribe to our YouTube channel don't
forget to like our videos and hit the
Bell icon to stay updated with the
latest