we continue with our continuous coverage
of the Israel Hamas War Joe Biden
delivered full us backing for Israel in
person on a solidarity visit in which he
blames islamist militants for a deadly
rocket strike on a Gaza Hospital the US
has made its stance amply clear now the
US President also announces the
resumption of urgent aid to the besieged
Palestinian enclave and as Rashi sunak
visits Israel European intelligence
agencies are casting doubt on the
hospital strike death
toll
[Music]
a European intelligence official told
news agency AFP that there weren't 200
or even 500 deaths more likely between
10 to 50 the official also backed Biden
and the Israelis account who said the
strike at the Christian run hospital was
from a malfunctioning Palestinian rocket
now Arab countries have almost
universally blamed Israel for the
hospital strike including Egypt Jordan
and UAE among other regions few Nations
that have diplomatic ties with Israel
Iran President Iranian president ibraim
REI predicted the end of Israel
following deadly Gaza Hospital explosion
apart from funding Hamas Israel's arch
for backs Hezbollah as well they're
based of course in Lebanon and the
organization of Islamic cooperation a 57
member block of Muslim majority
countries denounced Israel's backers for
granting the country impunity in its War
now continuing the conveyor of Western
leaders who have visited Israel in the
wake of the Hamas attacks the British
prime minister will be in Israel to seek
deescalation of the conflict Rishi sunak
will then travel to West Asian capitals
as part of his diplomatic efforts US
President Joe Biden is also eyeing
unprecedented aid for Israel from and
the Palestinians in Gaza and the West
Bank as part of a wider hundred billion
package that includes support for
[Music]
Ukraine in the public Gallery
[Music]
today