un Secretary General Antony gerer has
made an attempt to salvage a proposal
for an immediate ceasefire resolution in
Gaza with this final plea to the
security Council I urge the council to
spare no effort to push for an immediate
humanitarian ceas fire for the
protection of civilians and for the
Urgent delivery of life-saving AIDS gz's
appeal was embraced by most of the
security Council but was ultimately
vetoed by the
US the result of the vote is as follow
13 votes in favor one against one
exstension
pro the draft
resolution has not been approved due to
the veto of a permanent member of the
security
Council we still cannot comprehend why
the resolution's authors declined to
include language condemning hamas's
horrific terrorist attack on Israel on
October
7 an attack that killed over 12200
people women children the elderly the
ceasefire resolution was co-sponsored by
100 countries who disagreed with the US
and the United Kingdom the only council
member country that abstained from
voting our colleagues from the USA have
literally before our
eyes issued a death sentence to
thousands if not tens of thousands more
civilians in Palestinian Palestine and
Israel including women and children it
was another bitter defeat for
palestine's un Ambassador who questioned
the morality of the US voo the war
criminals are given more time to
perpetuate their
crimes how can this be
justified how can anyone justify the
slaughter of entire people 14 members of
the security Council will visit the
Egyptian side of the Rafa Crossing
Monday to see the humanitarian Aid
situation the US won't be there but
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin
admitted there is a gap between Israel's
intent to protect civilians and what has
happened on the ground Frank UC trt
world the United
[Music]
Nations