[Applause]
we want a deal now the Israeli
protesters chanted as the call for an
end to the hostilities in Gaza grows
louder it makes me sick that you have
had to beg the people whose job it is to
bring them
home it makes me sick frustrations have
clearly reached a boiling point as
police moved in with horses in water
cannons leading to multiple arrs and
injuries the protesters are demanding
two things the release of Israeli
hostages and an end to the humanitarian
crisis that has engulfed
Gaza this doctor says three to four
babies are being crammed into incubators
made for one the only thing they're
guilty of is that they live in Gaza but
there is hope however faint that the
basic Contours of a hostage deal in ceas
fire is close despite the fundamental
differences between the two sides the
goals that Israel has and the goals that
Hamas uh has are very very different uh
Israel as well as just about every
Democratic State understands that it
cannot be peace in the Middle East
unless Hamas is removed Hamas wants an
agreement that somehow would allow them
to rebuild and stay in power and those
two goals are not compatible Hamas
started out with just crazy demands but
if they come down to a reasonable uh U
uh situation yes we'll have a hostage I
hope so yet prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu was quick to insist that an
operational plan for the invasion of
Rafa will be approved this week and
without a deal Israel is happy with he
says the conflict will be over within
weeks not months we have a long long way
to go there is some optimism but I think
we have to temper that with the
realization that uh Hamas uh uh is is
holding something like 100 uh hostages
and that they have not in the past
respected any ceasefire even if it's not
the end of the war a temporary ceasefire
could allow civilians to get out of
Harm's Way mrole Global News Toronto