[Music]
the home favor of the bill 60 against
the bill 52 I determined that the bill
proposal for the legalization of the
settlement in Judea and Samaria was
accepted there were protests in the
gallery and on the Knesset floor as the
new law was passed
Israel now says that 4,000 homes built
on privately on Palestinian land in the
occupied West Bank are legal almost
400,000 Israelis live in 121 settlements
earlier in the bills to be it Israel's
opposition party urged lawmakers to vote
against it I'll take know yet Kamla do
not give your hand to this insane law
that threatens to destroy Israeli
democracy
Israel's international stand threatens
IDF commanders and threatens leaders of
the state and stands in complete
opposition to the opinion of the
Attorney General the new law on the
settlements is expected to face legal
challenges and the government's top
lawyer says he will not defend it in the
Supreme Court his view that the bill is
unconstitutional is shared by some
Israeli scholars well this legislation
is illegal under both international law
and Israeli law it's a violation of the
right to property it's a violation of
the prohibition on discrimination on
Monday demolition work continued on the
amonos settlement also deemed illegal by
the Israeli courts Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu's response 3,000 new
homes will be built elsewhere
Netanyahu missed the vort because he was
meeting the british prime minister in
London Theresa May says she made the
UK's position clear on the settlements
however the US stance appears to be
softening under Donald Trump who is seen
as pro-israel the new law states that
Palestinian land owners will be
compensated or given new land but the
legislation has been condemned by
Palestinians as a bra to their hopes of
forming an independent state from land
in the occupied West Bank east jerusalem
and the Gaza Strip Oliver whitefield
message TRT world
[Music]