shifting gears Watchers say Israeli
forces have taken a tactical approach in
their ground incursions rather than a
fulls scale War this as Israeli Ground
Forces move deeper into Gaza while its
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
rejects the idea of a
ceasefire an Jin takes a look at how
this is
unfolding Israel's ground operation has
intensified in Gaza the Israeli Defense
Forces announced that they struck
approxim nearly 300 Hamas Targets in
Northern Gaza exploding military
compounds and underground tunnels this
comes as prime minister Benyamin
Netanyahu rejects any talk of a
ceasefire calls for a ceasefire are
calls for Israel to surrender to Hamas
to surrender to terrorism to surrender
to
barbarism that will not
happen the Israeli military on Monday
stated the killing of four prominent
Hamas operatives and the rescue of an
Israeli soldier whoas kidnapped among
more than 200 others during the October
7th attack private Ori mides a female
Soldier monitoring the Gaza border was
rescued by Israeli Defense Forces in
Northern Gaza and is said to be well
mentally and physically Israel is
strengthening ground operations in the
Palestinian Enclave as it searches for
more
hostages Israel intends to engage in
ground operations bit by bit as they
surround the strip just like the salami
tactic they'll search for hostages in
destroy underground tunnels and booby
traps as they use artillery in limited
areas to refrain from Hit or Miss
bombing rather than rushing in the
Israeli Defense Force aim to reduce the
number of casualties this tactic could
allow Israel to dodge direct
criticism if Israel engages in a
full-scale Invasion and if there are any
hostage casualties from their bombing
condemnation from the rest of the world
will be inevitable instead they decided
on Military ground operations which will
pressure Hamas and also place the moral
responsibility of killings on
them Israeli forces are said to push
deeper into Gaza yet this raises
concerns as countries fear a spill over
into a broader regional conflict Anin
Harang news