of rapid changes in the battlefield in
the Israel Hamas War now this even as
the Israeli Army spokesperson warned
that the war on the besieged on Cleaves
Hamas rulers will continue throughout
2024 the IDF spokesperson said that
there are plans to shift tactics and cut
back on troop numbers and in the first
draw down since the War Began almost 3
months ago Israel has pulled back tanks
out of some districts in Gaza City and
is also withdrawing some forces from
Gaza to shift to more targeted
operations against Hamas militants
Israel is partially returning reservice
to civilian life to help the economy now
as the war looks set to last well into
the new year since launching the war in
retaliation for the crossb Hamas Rampage
2 months ago Israeli officials have said
that they would wage the war in three
main stages now the first was intense
shelling to clear access routes for
ground forces and encourage civilians to
evacuate the second was first The
Invasion that began on October 27th with
tanks and troops having now overrun much
of the Gaza Strip and largely asserting
control despite Palestinian gunman
continuing the ambushes from hidden
tunnels and bunkers now according to an
Israel official the military is moving
into its third stage which is to a more
localized mopping up operations and the
change in shifting tactics comes as the
US Navy announced the USS Gerald off for
aircraft camp strike group will be
heading back to America and months after
being deployed in West Asia to provide
protection for Israel on the sea the
Ford and the USS dwighty Eisenhower
aircraft carriers have been part of a
two carrier presence bracketing the
Israel Hamas War underscoring us
concerns that the conflict will widen
now the Ford and its accompanying
warships will be replaced by the
amphibious assault ship the USS batan
and its accompanying warships the USS
and the USS cter
[Music]
Hall