Israeli forces with bulldozers and jeeps
enter the camp under the cover of
Darkness this has become a routine and
this is the usual aftermath wreckage and
Rubble asphalt roads plowed down to the
dirt once the damage is repaired there's
another raid and it's the same thing all
over again for almost 2 years a low
intensity War has been raging in the
occupied West Bank residents here in
Janine's refugee camp say that there
have been more than 30 Israeli military
incursions since August of this
year the camp is home to militants who
Israel has accused of involvement in
attacks on Israelis but here Those whom
Israel calls terrorists are seen as
Fighters against a decades long military
occupation with
kuskus is not a fighter he works for the
local government guess is the kids room
but last week Israeli soldiers took over
his home during yet another
raid as he shows me around the remains
of what was a family's life crunching
our
shoes brutal is how wooda sums up the
solders
behavior scars of battles past pockmark
the Camp's walls debris on almost every
corner
um Sami shows me spent cartridges on the
floor of her house saying Israeli troops
used this room to fire down into the
street they took my husband bound his
hands and pushed him outside in the cold
she says they kept him there from 6:00
in the evening until 5: in the
morning eventually the soldiers let him
go but took away her recently married
son after ransacking in his bedroom
searching for
weapons 18-year-old Mahmud abuli was
shot last Thursday evening shot through
his bedroom window his mother holding a
bloodstained towel recounts how Israeli
soldiers wouldn't allow Medics to take
him to
hospital I was sure we were going to the
hospital she says we went downstairs a
second officer was there and made the
Medics put the stretcher down Mahmud
bled to death in front of his
home Tuesday night Israeli forces raided
the camp again sparking gun battles with
militants and in the process Israeli
troops killed at least four people
including this 8-year-old boy and then
they left Ben Weedman CNN Janine in the
occupied West
Bank