get them get them get them get them the
fighting in parts of Gaza is as Fierce
now as it has been at any point during
the war so far the IDF has encircled the
second city of car Yunis and is closing
in on herass cells there thousands of
garans are again fleeing the fighting
heading towards increasingly small safe
zones as the IDF pushes
South Gaza is Dead 4 months and we are
dead they are trapped from everything
water and food f are cut from us
everything is cut the cold slaughtered
our children it's not fair the
international court of justice didn't
order a ceasefire and so the Israeli
government has said the fighting will
continue as you've heard me say before
uh we will do what needs to be done to
make sure that humanitarian Aid reaches
the civilian population rocket fire into
Israel has decreased significantly in
recent weeks but minutes after the
international court of justice delivered
its ruling Rockets were fired into
Israel the Palestinian Authority
welcomed the icj ruling the icj judges
assessed the facts and the law they
ruled in favor of humanity and
international law we call in all states
to ensure that all provisional measures
ordered by the court are
implemented although there are divisions
within Israel with many angry that a new
hostage deal hasn't been agreed there is
also still widespread support for the
IDF H can decide whatever they want we
are here fighting for our life with the
most vicious event ever since the
Holocaust Israel says it is letting more
humanitarian Aid into Gaza but Aid
agencies say it isn't anywhere near
enough the icj said that Israel has to
ensure that more basic Aid gets
through historically Israel hasn't
recognized the jurisdiction of the IC J
but on this instance the government put
together a strong legal team and
robustly defended itself against the
claims having done that it makes it very
hard for the Israeli government to then
try and dismiss or ignore the Court's
findings it might not be immediately
obvious how today's ruling will change
the course of the war if at all but the
IDF will be acutely mindful of what the
icj had to say and that might affect the
way it continues to fight Hamas aliser
bankas Sky news in Israel