posters of missing Israeli children were
torn down this is for Palestine they're
not mutually exclusive it's children
it's children it's innocent people okay
what about the children in Palestine
that's not it doesn't make it as tempers
flared on a street in
London Hamas had called for an
international day of Rage but at this
mosque in Birmingham there was a
collection for Gaza and prayers for
peace
as a mosque as a Muslim Community we
absolutely condemn the loss of innocent
lives we are not um condoning the loss
of any innocent lives here whether it's
you know my child or the child of a
Palestinian or the child of an Israeli
family what's happening right now in um
Palestine needs to end there's sadness
here and anger but no desire to see
Jewish people targeted as um Muslims who
believe that if you were to take one
life it's as if you've taken the life of
the whole of humanity and any sort of
day of Rage or any sort of um unjust uh
you know damage to property or anything
like that it's not justified in this
Muslim Community we found empathy
although many were unwilling to be
filmed uh it's not good what's happening
in
Gaza how do you feel about Israel and
what Israel is doing um of course Israel
they feel attacked as well by the Hamas
so they're doing what they think is
right in London the mayor was at a
charity that's preparing to deliver
Medical Aid to Gaza as thousands are due
to join Pro Palestinian demonstrations
this weekend he had this message for
people planning to take part what you
mustn't do when you're protesting is
break the law by either inciting hatred
by intimidating other communities or by
glorifying acts of terrorism or showing
support for a prescribed terrorist
organization while many British Muslim
condemn the actions of Hamas they want
an end to the suffering of innocent
Palestinians no one we spoke to here
wants to see Division and hatred spill
out onto Britain's streets Becky Johnson
Sky News buring him