standing guard outside a Jewish school
security has been stepped up in
communities where there concerned
children could be targeted at least two
Jewish schools have announced they'll be
closed on Friday a response to warnings
about Pro Palestinian protests so there
there's there's a heightened vigilance
everywhere now at those that will remain
open like this secondary in North London
staff have had to reassure parents who
worry it's not safe there is a feeling
of anxiety we know that there are
parents who have raised concern about
the children coming to school so how
have the pupils Chang the way they're
living their lives since the weekend
regarding the journey they there are we
know there are children who used to use
public transport who come from out the
area and they are using taxes the
government has announced Â£3 million to
fund extra security for Jewish sites
including schools after a sharp rise in
anti-semitic attacks p parents busy
packing aid for Israel are worried about
their families here ADV advised us that
they need to change their unicorn so
that they're not signaling in any way
that they're Jewish and in 2023 for my
kids to go to school and it not be okay
for them to wear uniform Car Star of
David on on their blaz to hide their
identity in 2023 is is very scary out on
the street parents are on edge we're
definitely more scared but we're just
hoping for the
best and we're just hoping for peace but
fear spreads as people hear of Jews
being victimized there have been
unfortunately in the past significant
ripple effect when things have happened
in the Middle East they seem to have
impacted and caused a significant
increase in incidences in the UK control
from Air receiving over this security
company has seen requests from the
Jewish Community increase by more than a
third we have had calls from schooles
but we've also had calls from schools
that for instance they've had security
officers on site um that they've been
called back to Israel so they've asked
us to replace them on site people are
anxious for themselves and for their
children Becky Johnson Sky News North
London