come out as pupils should have been
heading in for lessons Instead This
education is a human right
educ protest at the gates of Barkley
Primary in East London and at the center
of it all an 8-year-old boy it started
in mid November when Yahya whose face
we've been asked to hide turned up with
a Palestinian flag swn onto his sleeve
and solidarity with his mother's family
in Gaza many of whom they say have been
killed by Israeli bombs we received a
phone call from the school that he was
not allowed he would not be um allowed
play time and at lunchtime he was
isolated from his year group he was told
um he was not welcome back at school
Yaya's parents refused to remove the
patch so he stayed home for 3 weeks on
Wednesday the school decided to break up
2 days early imagine an 8-year-old child
was constantly bullied after videos were
posted on Tik Tok calling for Action
protesters have accused the school of
double standards when the Russia ukra
conflict started the school had a
massive
Ukrainian um flag outside the school he
is Palestinian and the badge is his
cultural and religious identity there's
been anger too that a letter was sent to
the parents of pupils who've worn
Palestinian colors warning that
extremist or divisive comments could
lead to referrals to the prevent team
which is focused on stopping people
becoming radicalized or supporting
terrorism in a statement the school said
it had closed early in the light of
escalating threats against staff and the
school based on factually inaccurate
misunderstandings falsehoods and
malicious Fabrications adding that there
was no evidence of bullying or
misconduct y Ya's father says his son is
being denied in education and that he's
been left traumatized and Confused now
the family is calling for an independent
investigation and the resignation of the
head a Barkley primary lessons won't
resume until January but with both sides
refusing to budge it seems there's
little chance the new year will bring
any
resolution Emma Burley Sky News East
London