this is my family back in Gaza in
December Zara Juda was able to see her
family on a video chat after losing all
connection with them for 2 weeks so the
moment I receive a DOT I know that
they're fine but they're trying to get
connected the Canadian permanent
resident arrived here last month after
fleeing the war in
Gaza she says she filmed this video on
October 9th before her family fled their
home in the
north her father later returned to this
site their home destroyed in an air
strike there's New Hope through Canada's
temporary resident pathway offering
threeyear visas to extended family
members it is a very time-sensitive
issue she's applied to bring her parents
two sisters brother and grandmother and
is fundraising to help cover the costs
this money will be used to get them out
uh find a place for them in Egypt until
they are able to arrive to Canada Ottawa
says the program's initially announced
1,000 person limit is not a hard cap
reassuring for this couple applying to
sponsor 61 relatives nearly half are
children including their newborn nephew
it's a big number then if I put the Hat
of the humanity I say I can't brzee I
can't take one and leave another take
one child and leave another child to
die as they try to help their families
they say the application process has
been confusing collecting all of this
information it is uh
really not easy and we were lacking of
um directions at the beginning some
immigration lawyers say the process
involves an unprecedented degree of
personal details some information is
specifically requested from 16 years
which again is
unprecedented um and uh the level of
detail certainly is something I've never
seen the federal government says it's
part of a unique security screening
process which takes into consideration
the volatility on the ground all what we
need is a ceasefire we need this to stop
there's no guarantee families like hers
will be accepted or how long it could
take to know whether they
are getting out of Gaza is another
challenge something she says they wish
wasn't their only hope for survival Nara
Global News Vancouver