a story of hope amid a raging war a
five-year-old ukrainian girl who fled
the country with her mother has received
life-saving heart treatment in israel
irena andrejko sought aid from an
israeli field hospital in order to help
her daughter karina
the incident took place about five
kilometers from the family home near the
polish border thankfully a doctor at the
hospital complied with irena's request
the medical practitioner listened to
karina's heart and happened to hear a
murmur which prompted the doctor to
conduct an ultrasound
the diagnosis was a congenital defect
that could be treated with a simple
procedure which was available in israel
however this procedure was not available
in ukraine according to the doctors
save a child's heart and israeli
nonprofit organization agreed to
transport carina to the wolfson medical
center in holland near tel aviv for
treatment
for us to save a child's heart it
doesn't matter where the child come from
it could be a ukrainian child it could
be a child from gaza it could be a child
from iraq from syria from africa we are
here to help them and to save their
lives
and today we're saving the lives of a
five-year-old child from ukraine
thus the plan was made and put into
action once karina and her mother's
passports were secured and two weeks
after irena approached the field
hospital karina was treated by the
israeli doctors on monday the
five-year-old underwent catheterization
and is now expected to lead a normal
life
the technique of the categorization
means we're going to enter through one
of the vessels
here from the groin go into the heart
and then close it uh with a device
after a few months
the device is covered by a normal heart
tissue
and then it becomes part of the heart
and she will have complete normal life
the medical center is used to performing
more than 250 similar surgeries on
children every year
i'm happy that i came to israel for my
child to have an operation here on the
one hand i'm very worried about her but
i think everything will be fine
israel is one of the very few countries
that has maintained good working
relations with both russia and ukraine
israel has not imposed sanctions against
russia provided arms to ukraine however
it has criticized the invasion and
provided humanitarian assistance to
ukraine
we are a report we on world is one
[Music]