US Secretary of State Anthony blinkin is
set to be in Israel on Wednesday to
discuss the next steps in a ceasefire
plan for Gaza after Hamas gave what it
called a positive response to the
proposal the evening before there's
still a lot of work to be done but we
continue to believe that an agreement is
possible and indeed essential very
Lincoln was speaking in katar during a
lightning tour of the Middle East US
Qatari and Egyptian mediators are
preparing a diplomatic push to bridge
differences between Israel and Hamas on
the proposed truce that includes the
release of the remaining hostages held
in Gaza that offers the the prospect of
extended calm hostages out more
assistance in uh that would clearly be
beneficial to everyone uh and I think
that offers the best path forward but uh
there's a lot of work to be done to uh
to achieve it Hamas replied on Tuesday
to the framework drawn up more than a
week ago go by us and Israeli spy Chiefs
at a meeting with the Egyptians and
qataris in a statement later Hamas said
it responded in a positive spirit to
ensure quote a comprehensive and
complete ceasefire ending the aggression
against our people ensuring relief
shelter and reconstruction lifting The
Siege on the Gaza Strip and achieving a
prisoner swap the mediators did not
disclose details of the response but
katar said it gave them hope while
Egyptian security sources told Reuters
that Hamas showed flexibility there's
been a response in Washington US
President Joe Biden said cautiously that
the reply showed some movement toward a
deal sources close to the talks have
said the truce would last at least 40
days during this time gaza's militants
would free the remaining civilian
hostages taken during the deadly
crossborder attack into Israel on
October the 7th in the next phases they
would hand over soldiers and dead bodies
of hostages in return for releases of
Palestinians imprisoned in Israel the
truce would also increase the flow of
food and other Aid to gaza's desperate
civilians the Israeli Prime Minister's
office said late on Tuesday the details
of hamas's response were being quote
thoroughly evaluated by the officials
involved in the
negotiations