for the 10th consecutive month protests
in Israel persist with the latest
demonstrations unfolding outside a
resort housing prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu and his wife Sarah but are we
witnessing a shift in the tide of these
protests and what resolutions May lie
ahead our correspondent jod Kohan
reports about 200 demonstrators armed
with placards and a call for democracy
gathered in the village of Na ATIV where
the PM is briefly vacationing for the
cot
[Music]
holidays their protest centers on the
government's proposals for judicial
reform expressing concerns about the
potential erosion of democracy and an
excessive shift of power away from the
courts in cont contrast the government
contends that these reforms would
reinstate democracy asserting that the
Judiciary has rested too much power from
Parliament yet there's a growing
sentiment from some that the protests
might be crossing a
line defense minister yav Galant
addressing a memorial event for the
Fallen Soldiers of the Yum kipor War
which was seen as a time of unity in
Israel face chance of democracy from the
crowd renowned singer yoram gaon present
at the event deems the heckling as
[Music]
shameful this evening we came to draw
inspiration from those wonderful days of
the wonderful togetherness what you are
doing now is a
shame meanwhile Israel Air Force
Commander tombar has urged conversations
with the 400 protesting Reserve pilots
who refuse to
serve they have until October the 17th
to return to reserve duty or
risk-academy at odds regarding judicial
reform what does the future hold the
Supreme Court is anticipated to rule on
the coalition's reasonableness law in
the coming months as Parliament resumes
after the Scot holiday the possibility
of further legislation passing looms
speculations suggests a potential Saudi
Israel deal might temporarily shove the
issue of judicial reform as a demand
from the US with President Biden
highlighting shared values in a recent
meeting with Netanyahu meanwhile
president Herzog reportedly continues
seeking dialogue with all sides aiming
to broker a compromise this is jod Cohen
reporting for weon world is one weon is
now available in your country download
the app now and get all the news on the
move