eris tell us what exactly took place
today what we saw overnight was um
dozens or hundreds it's not clear of
young Palestinians protesting and then
in the end that protests turned violent
we saw at this biblical site which is in
the Palestinian area it's just outside
Nablus near the balata refugee camp but
um it is a Jewish holy site there and
they began throwing firebombs at that
moment it was the Palestinian forces who
are in control there who intervened to
stop it but Israeli reaction has been
severe we have heard the representative
of the Foreign Office of Israel's
Foreign Office saying this is a sign
this is what you would expect from Isis
this is a sign that the holy sites have
to remain in Jewish hands because it's
the only way they can be safe and Israel
says it will try to find the
perpetrators of this attack but your
despite this attack then this arson
attack that we saw the West Bank it is
quieter than we've seen in the past
that's true the focus of this uprising
Intifada in Stepford a tweeter fodder
whatever name you want to give it has
actually been Jerusalem the area around
Jerusalem is where most of the attackers
come from and while there are some
protests and clashes across the West
Bank it's not at the same pitch as it is
here nor is it at the same pitch that it
is in Gaza most of the Palestinians who
have died have either been attackers who
are killed inside Israel carrying out
their attacks or they've been from Gaza
and once again today we are expecting
that Gazans will be coming to the border
fence and trying to cross into Israel
every other time they've done that over
the past two weeks
it has resulted in deaths and I think we
may be seeing that again today there I
think that's likely to be more tense
than the West Bank near us thank you for
that aris macula reporting from
Jerusalem