1 month into the Israel Hamas War the
costs economical and human are glaring
children's lives their nightmare is a
massive casualty of over 10,000 people
killed in Gaza close to half are
children over 160 children are killed
every day in the Palestinian territory
and this is as for the World Health
Organization as for the reports the
Israeli forces have killed twice as many
Palestinian children in the Gaza rape
over the past month than the total
number of Palestinian children killed in
west bank and Gaza combined since
1967 and the toll is only increasing un
Secretary General Antonio gutus called
Gaza a graveyard for children following
Israel's bombings and air strikes on the
Gaza
Strip Gaza is becoming a graveyard for
children hundreds of girls and boys are
reportedly being killed or injured every
day more journalists have reportedly
been killed over a 4-week period than in
any conflict in at least three
decades more United Nations Aid workers
have been killed than in any comparable
period in the history of our
organization the spokesperson of the
World Health Organization claim that on
an average of 160 innocent children are
killed every day in the Gaza Strip take
a listen the level of death and
suffering is hard to
Fathom over 1,400 people have reportedly
died in
Israel and just over 11,000 have now
been reported dead in
Gaza that's a half% of the population of
Gaza an average of about 160 children
are killed every every
day as for the estimates over 0.5% of
the population of Gaza have died in the
month since hamas's attack on October
7th not only this the number of children
killed in Gaza nearly 1,400 children are
missing under the rubble the rescue
workers grimly presume that most of them
are dead according to the latest figures
by the health officials in Gaza on
Wednesday over 4,000 children have been
killed in the Israeli bombings since
October
7th