for Raya Amar a moment of peace with her
father in the Family Vineyard a far cry
from the moment she was arrested by the
Israeli Army last October she was held
in prison for 35 days without charges
ever being made an experience she'll
never
forget they searched us more than was
necessary on the pretext of looking for
mobile phone they started by stripping
us naked during the search they beat
some of the girls and according to their
evidence subjected others to sexual
harassment they were in their underwear
right no nothing at all nothing to
substantiate raya's claims we visited
the offices of Physicians for human
rights an NGO based in Jaffa testimonies
like this about a sexual assault we've
got from all the prisoners it's not just
about women we are we're getting
testimonies of men of minors speaking
about a sexual assault the policy of the
IPS the Israeli prison service since
October is is a Revenge
policy without any
reasons Israel categorically denies the
charges but there's no shortage of
witnesses lahat is an activist who makes
no secret of her support for Hamas her
daughter filmed the aftermath of her
arrest by the Army at that her home in
October not her first arrest but unlike
anything she'd experienced
before during this detention despite its
short duration since I was released as
part of the exchange of prisoners in
November things felt different I felt
the prison system was different and run
by a different Army particularly as
regards the use of violence and the lack
of respect for the law and prisoners and
their disregard for women's
intimacy since October
Israel has intensified its occupation of
the West Bank nowhere more so than heon
according to Palestinian sources more
than 1500 people have been arrested
there among them 38 women