Israel has launched a raid on the main
alifa hospital in Northern Gaza the IDF
says 20 terrorists were killed at the
site where it claims terrorist group
Hamas is
gathering the Israeli operation started
in the dark hours of Monday
morning inside the hospital soldiers
were engaged in heavy gun battles with
Hamas
Fighters by first light smoke was seen
rising from the compound and the sound
of heavy explosion ions thundered around
the
neighborhood the Israeli military
released Drone footage apparently
showing their soldiers coming under Fire
outside Al shifa they say that senior
Hamas Fighters have been Gathering
inside the hospital to plan and launch
attacks our war is against Hamas not
against the people of Gaza we seek no
harm to the civilians that Hamas is
hiding behind which is why we will
conduct this operation with caution and
Care thousands are trapped inside the
hospital patients medical staff and
civilian Sheltering there is
international concern for their safety
this will necessarily make things more
complicated for people who are still in
that area in north of Gaza we have been
last time able to get to shifa hospital
a week ago to bring some fuel and
medical supplies but what we have seen
and that's what we are seeing in all the
hospital is it's a lack of supplies lack
of food lack of fuel lack of medical
experts the IDF says it has found
weapons and money inside the hospital
dozens of Hamas Fighters have been
reportedly killed and many more
[Applause]
arrested as a Sky News team was filming
close to the hospital today an air
strike hit near
[Applause]
this lady is left alone in the street
holding the body of her husband until
help
arrives families carrying what they can
in their arms and on their backs walk
through the dusty Haze of
War seems little pointed running
when there is nowhere safe to run to