number one we must be clear that what
happened on October 7th was terrorism no
caveats no justification no explanation
it was
terrorism number
two uh as Israel
response it is important that Israel
should be should have been uh very
mindful of Civilian
casualties
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
what is the the view from uh from India
what would you if if you had uh some
advice for your colleagues what would
you be what would you tell
them well I don't have advice from my
colleagues though I particularly I think
all of us follow the enormous efforts
which Tony is putting in right now uh
but uh look the way we look at it
uh there are different dimensions
different elements to this number one we
must be clear that what happened on
October 7th was terrorism no caveats no
justification no explanation it was
terrorism number
two uh as Israel
response it is important that Israel
should be should have been uh very
mindful of Civilian
casualties uh that uh it has an
obligation to observe International
humanitarian
law uh number three uh the return of
hostages is today
imperative uh number four there is a
need for a humanitarian Corridor a
sustainable humanitarian Corridor to
provide relief and eventually there has
to be a permanent fix a long-term fix
otherwise we're going to see a
recurrence and I think today uh suddenly
India has long uh believed in a two
State solution we have uh maintained
that position for many decades and I
think today many more countries in the
world uh today feel uh not just that the
two-state solution is necessary but it
is more urgent uh than it was before
large number of countries especially of
the global South believe that terrorism
shouldn't be countenance or Justified
but they equally strongly believe that a
two-state solution should not be delayed
these are not choices these are both
musts and unless we are able to address
both these issues uh we are not going to
really solve the
[Music]
problem
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]