a top Focus Amit the ongoing war with
Israel ismile Han the leader of the
Palestinian militant group Hamas is in
Cairo well this is to discuss the
possibility of brokering another
ceasefire and renewing hostage
negotiations Han who otherwise resides
in Qatar last travel to Egypt in early
November before the announcement of the
only ceasefire in the Gaza War so far
interestingly representatives of the
Palestine Islamic Jihad militant group
will also be taking part in the talks
this as some Israeli hostages are under
their custody as well now according to
reports Israel has presented a plan to
the mediators which could secure the
release of some 30 to 40 more hostages
Israel's plan prioritizes remaining
elderly women and men in need of urgent
medical care in exchange for
Palestinians held in Israeli prisons who
have been convicted of more serious
offenses than the women and teenagers
who were released in the previous Troth
Han who is in Egypt with a high level
Hamas delegation will be meeting with
the Egyptian intelligence chief he will
discuss the delivery of humanitarian Aid
withdrawal of Israeli Army from the
gaza's trip and the return of displaced
people to their towns and villages in
the north of Gaza the truths would be
open to extension only if there is an
agreement on new conditions for further
releases while on one hand Hamas has
rejected any further temporary pause and
has said that it will discuss only a
permanent ceasefire Israel has ruled out
a permanent ceasefire and said that it
will only agree to limited humanitarian
pauses until Hamas is
defeated We are continuing the war to
the end it will continue until Hamas is
eliminated until Victory whoever thinks
that we will stop is detached from
reality we will not stop the fighting
until all of the goals that we have set
are achieved the elimination of Hamas
the release of our hostages and the
removal of the threat from Gaza we are
attacking Hamas with Fierce fire
everywhere including today we have also
attacked their accomplices near and far
all Hamas terrorists from the first to
the last are dead men walking they have
only two possibilities surrender or
die
meanwhile Han met with Iran's foreign
minister before traveling to Cairo for
[Music]
talks