an active member of the US Air Force set
himself on fire outside the Israeli
Embassy in Washington on Sunday he was
critically injured while declaring that
he will no longer be complicit in
genocide as per the Associated Press the
man whose name wasn't immediately
released walked up to the Embassy and
began live streaming on the video
streaming platform twitch law
enforcement officials believe the man
started a live stream set his phone down
and then dowed himself in accelerant and
ignited the Flames the video was later
removed from the platform but law
enforcement officials have obtained and
reviewed a copy the incident happened as
Benjamin Netanyahu is seeking the
cabinet approval for a military
operation in Rafa while a temporary
ceasefire deal is being negotiated
Israel's military offensive in Gaza
however has drawn criticisms including
genocide claims against the Palestinians
Israel has adamantly denied the genocide
allegations and says it is carrying out
operations in accordance with
international law in the Israel Hamas
war in December a person self ulated
outside the Israeli Consulate in Atlanta
and used gasoline as an accelerate a
Palestinian flag was found at the scene
and the Act was believed to be one of
extreme political protest the
Metropolitan Police Department in
Washington said its officers had
responded to the scene outside the
Israeli Embassy to assist us Secret
Service officers its bomb squad had also
been called to examine a suspicious
vehicle police said no hazardous
materials were found in the vehicle
Israel is facing mounting International
pressure as Gaza suffering
persists a catastrophic lack of food in
Gaza means that families are going for
days without a meal according to the
British Red Cross 2.2 million people the
entire population of Gaza in fact is
experiencing food insecurity at crisis
level or even above on on top of this
the healthcare system is in survival
mode and people's lack people lack
cleaning drinking water and proper
sanitation as well hundreds of thousands
are in makeshift shelters in cars or out
in the
open