no I don't want people coming in from
certain countries where it's so bad and
they're blowing each other up and
they're killing each
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
other we had total peace four years you
know I talk uh uh I was with a group
yesterday great group in Nevada and we
had a fantastic evening actually a very
religious group also very religious
people great people and we were talking
about different things and I said to
them our security was so incredible I
have the Trump ban you know the Trump
travel ban everybody killed me on that
the Trump travel ban because it sounds a
little nasty but no I don't want people
coming in from certain countries where
it's so bad and they BL blowing each
other up and they're killing each other
and they want to now come and they want
to teach us how their country runs we
don't need that we don't want to be
taught so we had the Trump travel B but
I said you know the one thing that's
nice about not being in I never talked
about the fact that we had no trouble
with terrorism for four years think of
it we didn't have buildings knocked down
we didn't have the World Trade Center we
didn't have any of that we didn't have
anything
[Music]
we had nothing happening and we had a
very strong we were very tough on
letting people into our country we had
the strongest Border in history we built
500 miles of wall which was nobody's
ever seen we're going to add another 200
and they could have put it up in 3 weeks
and they decided to sell it for 5 cents
on the dollar if you can believe it but
we never had a problem and I couldn't
say it when I was there because I don't
want to be there Ben and say we've never
had a problem then the following day we
have a problem that doesn't work but now
the four years is up and I say we didn't
have a problem that's cuz we ran it
tough and we ran it smart and people
could come into our country but they had
to come
legally we had the lowest numbers of
illegals coming into our country in
history and we'll get that back
[Music]
again a