in the latest Hamas has released two
women hostages who are Russian Hamas
says the release is a gesture of
appreciation for the position taken by
the Russian president Wladimir Putin in
the ongoing War meanwhile as a
negotiation to extent Tru deal continues
to be the top concern for the
authorities and officials worldwide
Palestinian officials reported raids by
Israeli forces in West Bank which
includes the brutal shooting of an
8-year-old boy and a teenager on a
street in central
Janine and for more on the hostage
situation we earlier spoke to Abbe on
who is currently the spokesperson for
hostages families from Tera wave listen
in I I don't think anyone is going to
tell you that they did enough fast
enough because you know 50 days in is
when we began see seeing the first kind
of big releases that being said Israel
right now is facing two conflicting uh
priorities one the release of the
hostages and two the elimination of
Hamas and those don't necessarily align
and so you have your constituents the
the citizens of Israel pushing to bring
our family members home and you also
have this massive threat that that
happened on October 7th that we need to
respond to and so
that makes sense to me that the
government didn't respond as quickly as
they did I I I don't agree with it I
don't think it's fair but I understand
the
conflict on October 6th there was a
truce on October 7th Hamas broke that
Israel did not want to start or conduct
a war our civilians were taken from
their beds from their homes from a party
they were murdered they were beheaded
they were t Ted and now they're being
held against their will and I want the
world whether it be a government or an
aid organization to think about if it
was their parent or their child or their
sibling and demand that an international
Aid organization be led in to see them
they need medical care we need signs of
life and more than that we need each and
every one of them
home