an Israeli sniper shoots what appears to
be an unarmed Palestinian man
[Music]
Israeli Defense Forces say the footage
is from protests late last year but
critics of the Israeli military say it
points to a larger problem that
continues today
a
new wave of Palestinian protest has
broken out and dozens of demonstrators
have been killed they're demanding the
right of return for refugees to lands in
what today is the State of Israel
one of the Dead was video journalist
Jason Ortega witnesses say he was also
killed by an Israeli sniper a memorial
was held for him in Istanbul on
Wednesday Islamic dad a close friend
says voltage' had a three-year-old son
it's so hard to to be
standing holding his picture knowing
that he is no more with us knowing that
he's
being killed in an inhumane way by the
Israeli occupation soldiers a group of
journalists at the event laid their
cameras down in a show of respect for
voltage' friends and NGOs have gathered
here in Taksim Square to protest the
Israeli occupation of Palestine as well
as the increased number of killed
Palestinian journalists by the Israeli
army they are also here to honor those
killed in the March of return protests
which began some two weeks ago
but one of the organizers of the
demonstration - damage says the
international community isn't doing
everything it can to end the occupation
Yasser Murtaza was shot on the side of
his bulletproof vest which shows he was
specifically targeted we demand that the
occupying Israeli government is brought
to justice for the injustice they
inflict on these people we also want to
tell the world that we want to see an
end to the prejudicial killing of
innocent people the Israeli military
says it will launch a thorough
investigation into the recently released
sniper video but if past experiences
tell us anything whatever the findings
they aren't going to satisfy Yasin again
TRT world
[Music]