smoke and fire rise over the city of Han
yunes the largest city in southern Gaza
as the Israeli Army says it's battling
Hamas militants who plann the October
7th Massacre Sheltering in the South
late Tuesday prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu said the military had killed
about half of hamas's regiment
commanders adding that Israel would
retain security control over the Gaza
Strip long after the war ends a
Gaza must be demilitarized and in order
for Gaza to be demilitarized there is
only one force that can enforce that
demilitarization that force is the
Israeli military no International force
can be responsible for
this for weeks Palestinians have been
fleeing South on mass to escape Israeli
attacks in Northern Gaza now they're
packing up and moving yet again Israel
dropped leaflets over Han yunes warning
of an impend ending attack and said it
sent messages to mobile phones despite a
Communications blackout that lasted into
early Tuesday it was an order to
evacuate farther south to Rafa that the
UN said caused widespread fear and
panic if they want to kill us let them
surround us in one place and eliminate
us altogether instructing us to move
from one location to another is unfair
if they intend to kill us they should do
it decisively we demand Clarity but for
the wounded moving is not an option the
main hospital in hanun is overflowing
with the injured and the World Health
Organization says there's not enough
staff or supplies to care for those in
need the Gaza Health Ministry run by
Hamas says more than 15,000 Palestinians
have been killed since the War Began
meanwhile on Tuesday Hamas launched a
rocket successfully striking a
residential building in the Israeli city
of ashalon injuring two the militant
group says it won't release any more of
the 140 Israeli hostages it has in
custody until there is a permanent
ceasefire