poor sanitary conditions we indeed came
across families who may have to realize
are on their second trip in three days
second trip fleeing their homes after
having received orders from the Israeli
army to evacuate for the sake of their
own lives that's what the leaflet that
was dropped over northern and eastern
Gaza reads in Arabic and a lot of these
people complaining about these difficult
conditions about the fact that they had
to bring their own food and that
basically they have to rely on
solidarity as a key element in order to
deal with this situation and also we
came across people who basically are
starting to seriously lose hope to of
seeing a truce or a ceasefire anytime
soon people really telling us that at
this point the fighting is so fierce the
bombardments the airstrikes are so heavy
and so frequent that they don't see any
solution in the near future and they
really feel caught in the crossfire
caught in this very difficult situation
having to stay inside these improvised
UN shelters 20 21 of them open and a
hundred thousand people told you it's
difficult at this point to tell exactly
how many people have heated the order
the second order given by Israel to flee
it's a very fluid situation people
basically sort of going in and out and
going home returning with whatever they
could grab but again an extremely
difficult situation certainly for these
people and as you just saying with the
failure of those ceasefire talks galaga
the number of Israeli airstrikes
increased overnight didn't they yes it
did last night was a very very heavy
Saul very very heavy operational
activity on the part of the Israeli Air
Force but also the Israeli vessels
posted off the coast of Gaza which
relentlessly pounded the Gaza Strip
especially to Northern the central
southern parts of the strip chicester in
the small perimeter around where I'm
standing a house was hit next to a masa
an apartment was also hit on the seventh
floor of the building casualties which
bring a death toll at this point to
about two hundred and three palestinians
dead according to local sources and Gaza
vast majority of dose
villians homes destroyed as well so a
lot of activity and salvos of rockets
also flying out of God so so basically
what you have is rotten Palestinian
rockets and Israeli missiles
crisscrossing over the skies of Gaza