United States and British war planes
carried out fresh air strikes in small
towns of Yemen hitting both cities and
small towns killing at least 11 people
and injuring 14 others the strikes
follow the first civilian fatalities and
a vessel loss since the hoodis began
attacking commercial ships in November
the air strikes also coincide with the
first day of the holy month of Ramadan
meanwhile the houthis targeted what they
described as a US ship in oio in the Red
Sea with Iles the US Central Command
confirmed the attack and a post sh on
centcom's social media account of
X meanwhile the group's military
spokesperson also said that the group
will escalate its military operations
even in the holy month of
Ramadan the yemeni Armed Forces
confirmed that their military operations
will be escalated with the help of Allah
the almighty during the month of Ramadan
the month of jihad in support of the
oppressed Palestinian people and for our
mujahid brothers in the Gaza
Strip on the Israel Lebanon front
Israeli strikes killed six people near
lebanon's Northeastern city of
balbec according to sources the air
strikes were the deepest in Lebanon
since February
26th the situation is tense in Gaza as
well as a looming ground incursion into
gaza's Southernmost city has emerged as
a flash
point and amid all of this the
relationship between US President Joe
Biden and Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu has grown
increasingly fraud and now the US
president has said that he hasn't
scheduled a meeting with the Israeli
Prime Minister Biden also said he does
not have any plans at this moment to
address the Israeli
Parliament this comes after Israeli
Prime Minister Netanyahu vowed to press
ahead with an offensive in the south of
Gaza on Cave a move United States
President Joe Biden has described as his
red line also according to the United
States threat annual report US
intelligence has warned that Israel will
be challenged by Hamas for years as the
Israeli military continues with its
military offensive aimed at destroying
the Gaza ruling Group after October 7
attacks for all the latest news download
the weon app And subscribe to our
YouTube channel