there are escalating tensions between
the United States and Israel Over the
ongoing conflict in Gaza US President
Joe Biden has openly criticized Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin netanyahu's
handling of the Gaza War calling it a
mistake he also called for his
government to flood Gaza with Aid
ramping a pressure on Israel to reach a
ceasefire and widening a rift between
the two staunch allies that has worsened
as a war has dragged on Biden's remark
come as a significant development in the
relationship between the two long
standing allies Biden's recent interview
highlighted the differences between
Israel and the us over humanitarian Aid
to the people in Gaza where months long
War has led to warnings of imminent fine
Biden described netanyahu's approach as
a mistake and emphasized the need for
immediate humanitarian Aid to Gaza he
was responding to being asked if
Netanyahu is prioritizing his political
survival over the national interest
Biden was also outraged after an Israeli
Strike last week killed seven Aid
workers working for food charity World
Central Kitchen most of them
foreigners Biden said Israel should
agree to a ceasefire flood beled Gaza
with aid for the next 6 to 8 weeks and
allow other countries in the region to
help distribute the aid it should be
done now said the US President Biden has
been a vocal supporter of Israel's
actions against Hamas since a conflict
began on the 7th of October last year
but in recent weeks his patience with
Netanyahu has appeared to be waning and
his admin Administration has taken a
more Stern line with Israel rattling the
country's decades old Alliance and
deepening Israel's International
isolation over the
war Netanyahu is under pressure to
decide on a post-war vision for Gaza but
critics say that he's dealing because he
doesn't want to anger his Ultra
nationalist governing Partners who
support resettling the Gaza Strip which
Israel withdrew from in 2005 and an idea
that Netanyahu has ruled
out
I