Rob Parson slow you a Rob um what's at
stake in Anthony blinken's latest trip
to Israel well you know it's a really
delicate Balancing Act for for him first
of all I think he clearly he wants to
ensure that he demonstrates that the
United States still has Israel's back
that it's not going to let Israel down
in any sort of way but at the same time
uh the United States wants to impress
upon Israel that there has to be more
recognition of the need for humanitarian
Aid to get into Gaza and that there
should be humanitarian pauses not
ceasefire that's a word that the
Americans aren't using just like the
Israelis uh they say that that would be
a reward to Hamas but pauses to allow
the aid to get in perhaps on a regular
basis once a day or twice a day
something like that the other thing I
think that he's most conscious of is
ensuring that this doesn't spread into a
regional conflict which is why
presumably after he's been in Israel
he's going on to Jordan to make Arab
leaders there
uh to impress on them as if they don't
need being impressed upon that the there
are real dangers that this could turn
into a regional conflict and what can
they do to prevent that happening those
are the the the three areas I think he's
looking at most today you know but you
the US is clearly very concerned uh that
this is beginning to spiral out of
control you know the the the the the
bombings of the jabalia refugee camp for
instance have caused a pretty severe
reaction around the world and a point
will will come when if this if these
attacks and the civilian death toll
continues to rise at the rate it is at
the moment that the pressure will become
very very intense on the United States
uh to take tougher action to try and
hold Israel back uh they're not at that
point yet but Israel too needs to be
aware of that I'm sure is perfectly
aware of that but that's a point that
Biden will be making uh to Netanyahu in
their talks today if he hasn't already
in the meeting he had with him earlier
this morning all right thank you very
much Rob Parson are chief foreign editor