to do with uh the stopping of energy
Supply to Gaza now we are given to
understand that the Israeli energy
Minister has said that electricity Fuel
and other resources will not be allowed
to return to Gaza until Israeli hostages
are released by the Hamas so that's a
clear warning this after that statement
was launched by uh the Israeli Ministry
that all sorts of supplies to Gaza are
going to be stopped and they are
sticking by that argument they are
saying until there is a release of all
the hostages that still continue to be
held by uh the Hamas there is no
restoration of fuel or electricity
supplies to Gaza abishek that's a clear
warning that Israel is standing
back okay we seem to have lost that link
with abishek now remember two
developments that have happened the US
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin is
currently in Israel he's now going to be
meeting with his Israeli counterparts
including prime minister Benyamin
Netanyahu there is a concerted effort uh
by uh us to constantly have Israel's
back in fact US Secretary of State anony
blinkin has said that in as many words
before leaving for his trip to Israel at
the same time they have taken very
strong note of uh the humanitarian
crisis that has erupted because of this
war and also how the Hamas militants
have inflicted a huge amount violence in
Israel there have been confirmed reports
now of children also who have been
killed at the hands of Hamas earlier
those reports were not really confirmed
but now there is a confirmed case and
this really makes things worse now Hamas
targets uh in southern Israel have in
fact led to Major missile attack as
families in Israel have faced the grief
and horror of the deaths and kidnapping
of the loved ones