White House says the president has
emphasized to the Israeli Prime Minister
the need to immediately and
significantly increase the flow of
humanitarian Aid into Gaza early I spoke
with Palestinian filmmaker and European
Union ambassador of Goodwill bisan AA
for a firsthand look at what life is
like in Gaza right now I asked her what
her biggest fear is here's her
response so my biggest fear is the the
the ground Invasion I mean I mean if
they are doing I mean the Israeli is
doing all these massacr just by using
the worldland imagine what will happen
if they entered the land if they came to
the hospital if they uh uh surrounded
the hospital and just enter the schools
hospitals and and the remaining home I
mean today if if you get theage today a
tank on an Israel tank on the the road
of Salah a main road could enter uh the
the um the borders from the East to the
road just for a little amount of of time
and it bombed a civilian car two
civilian cars two families were killed
today just because the tank
came and threatened these cars by by um
by standing in the middle of the road
cutting the road and then Coen I mean
this is terrible the the the ground
invasion is an occupation of an occup
they are occupa Palestine since the 19
the 19 48 and now they are occupying
also G of by the the the ground Invasion
actually for me and for for people
around me this is the hardest things it
could could ever happen for us because
many massacres could happen and we will
have no access to food and water like
more than the suffering that we are
suffering now all right Palestinian
filmmaker bisan AA bisan thank you so
much for joining us Israel of course
says they are going in to eliminate
Hamas and trying to spare civilians but
no doubt so many civilians already
affected by what's happening there we
appreciate you coming on to tell your
story ban thank
you hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching