displac Palestinian Sheltering intents
in southern Gaza as Israel continues its
air strikes including one that turned
this mosque in the central Gaza town of
De Al balah into Rubble this is the
backdrop for President Joe Biden's
remarks Thursday evening fresh off his
visit to Tel Aviv as he asked for more
funding for Israel a key us Ally as well
as to support Ukraine against the
Russian invasion Hamas and Putin
represent different threats but they
this in common they both want to
completely annihilate a neighboring
democracy Israel has bombarded Gaza
killing 3,000 and displacing more than a
million people mostly Palestinian Arabs
in response to the militant group Hamas
incursion on October 7th which killed
1,400 people in retaliation for Israel's
decades long occupation in supporting
Israel Biden said America must also keep
its commitment to help Ukraine in its
fight against Russia's inv Invasion
history has taught us that when
terrorists don't pay a price for their
Terror when dictators don't pay a price
for their aggression they cause more
chaos and death and more destruction
Biden did not say how much he is
requesting the amount will be known
Friday when presented to Congress the
house must have a speaker to pass
legislation so far no Republican has
been able to secure the 27 votes needed
to claim the speaker's gavel following
The Ting of former house Speaker Kevin
mccarth earlier this
month meanwhile protesters calling for a
ceasefire between Israel and Hamas
descended on the US capital on Wednesday
an October 16 Reuters ipsis poll shows
that 41% says the US should support
Israel's position American leadership is
what holds the world together American
Alliance is what keep us America safe
that argument will be viewed with
skepticism massive in some cases violent
anti-israel and anti us demonstrations
have erupted in various capitals around
the world many protesters see Israel as
an occupying force that continues to
Annex Palestinian territory supported by
the US even as the administration
denounces Russia's annexation of parts
of Ukraine Pat Sia kuswar v news
Washington