a little break to try to relax before
going back to the overwhelming job of
helping people who are badly hurt the
medical teams of the unknown soldiers of
this work sometimes they stay up all
night like a beehive working and nobody
realizes the work that is going on since
March thousands of Palestinians have
rallied at the border to protest against
the Israeli blockade and occupation in
that time authorities say at least 217
protestors have been killed and more
than 20,000 injured by Israeli soldiers
numbers that rise by the week at Shifa
hospital Palestinians with devastating
injuries pack the six operating rooms
where staff performed back-to-back
surgeries and shifts that last twenty to
thirty hours despite shortages in power
water and supplies caused by the Israeli
blockade they managed to provide medical
care to their radios but the strain is
showing the images of the injured
patients remain with us and even appear
to us in our dreams while we sleep I'd
like to add in the operating rooms
because of the pressure of all that's
going on
many people are blacking out and have to
be taken out sometimes the work hits a
little too close to home one of our
colleagues found her nephew in the
operating room she blacked out after a
while she came to and went straight back
to work despite the difficult
circumstances the emotional struggle is
intense especially when people worry
about their colleagues like the medic
Rosanna al-najjar killed in May and how
they too could become targets as they
attend to the wounded in the field but
their shared experience means they know
how to offer each other the support they
need before they get back to work work
with no end in sight
Sarah falters to your team
[Music]