in this footage shared by Hamas two
Israeli hostages yav lifshitz and nurit
kooper are being released more than 2
weeks after hamas's bloody Rampage on
civilians in Israel they are fed and
escorted by two armed and masked
fighters to the International Red Cross
the images appear staged and intended to
show that the hostages held by herass
are not being mistreated with heras
citing urgent humanitarian reasons for
the
release it's okay let's go it's okay
let the two women were taken to the ra
of border crossing and transported via
helicopter to a hospital in Tel Aviv
once there they were reunited with their
loved
ones we received the two hostages we
were very excited they look okay their
medical condition is okay and they're
speaking 3 days ago two Israeli American
hostages were released by Hamas in both
cases mediation by Qatar and Egypt
played a key role from Qatar this Hamas
leader set out conditions for the
release of the remaining hostages if
Netanyahu is also looking after their
safety if the Europeans and the
Americans are resolutely on their side
then let them Force Israel to stop its
aggression its genocide and all its
brutal war crimes committed every
day for the Israeli government these
releases are the result of military and
diplomatic pressure on Hamas our
understanding is Hamas is is not
releasing these people because suddenly
they became humanitarian they're
bloodthirsty killers and if they are
releasing people it's because they're
being compelled to do so by the pressure
we're placing upon them and as that
pressure increases I believe you'll get
more people out while Israel continues
its bombardment of The Enclave the
United States is reportedly asking to
delay the ground offensive into Gaza so
that it can negotiate new agreements for
the release of civilians