and now we're getting some more inputs
on the story Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu has dead Palestine
and he has said and I quote Israel is at
War we didn't want this war it was
forced Upon Us in the most brutal and
Savage way but though Israel didn't
start this war Israel will finish it so
big statement coming in from Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu let's
listen
in
Israel is at War we didn't want this war
it was forced Upon Us in the most brutal
and Savage way but though Israel didn't
start this war Israel will finish it
once the Jewish people were stateless
once the Jewish people were defenseless
no longer Kamas will understand that by
attacking us they've made a mistake of
historic proportions we will exact a
price that will be remembered by them
and Israel's other enemies for decades
to come the Savage attacks that Hamas
perpetrated against innocent Israelis
are mindboggling slaughtering families
in their homes massacring hundreds of
young people at an outdoor
Festival kidnapping scores of women
children and elderly even Holocaust
survivals and we're getting some more
inputs on the story now there's a
statement coming in from Hamas
group now the Hamas group has said that
it will not negotiate regarding Israeli
hostages while Under Fire so after
Israel's counter offensive now Hamas has
issued a statement saying that it will
not negotiate uh regarding Israeli
hostages while Under Fire so remember a
lot of people are uh have been taken
hostage uh by uh the Hamas group a lot
of Israeli so Hamas said that it had
taken dozens of Israeli soldiers hostage
and now uh the the statement coming in
from Hamas group who says that it will
not negotiate regarding those Israeli
hostages if the attack from Israel
continues