that their heiress McClure heiress
Netanyahu very much throwing his weight
behind this deal why exactly is he so
enthusiastic he calls that not the deal
of the century but the opportunity of
the century for Israel and I've read a
highly regarded security analyst saying
this is the best deal Israel has ever
been offered by the United States all
the way back to Clinton Clinton Bush
Obama this is the best deal and Israel
should grab it so I think that's why
they're so enthusiastic it is a
pro-israel deal its timing is strange it
comes just before an Israeli election we
heard Donald Trump saying yesterday that
he couldn't wait any longer for the
paralysis in Israeli politics and he was
releasing it now there are other reasons
of course he's got legal problems
Netanyahu has legal problems but what it
means is there's a range of opinion in
Israel far right-wing and Israeli
settlers West Bank settlers say they
oppose it because it will create a
Palestinian state left-wing Israelis say
they oppose it because it's hasn't
involved the Palestinians so there's a
range of opinion in Israel but Netanyahu
has thrown his weight behind it and the
Palestinians has have of course they
rejected this deal out of hand what
exactly is their position here
well their position is we weren't spoken
to and and indeed the President Mahmoud
Abbas refuses to take calls from Donald
Trump so there's no opportunity for them
to be spoken to we don't like the terms
not that we know the exact term so we
don't like the leaked terms of this deal
it is bad for the Palestinians they're
holding an emergency meeting at the same
time this evening our time that Donald
Trump is revealing the plan there are
protests planned tonight at that time
and all the way through to Friday Friday
prayers the Palestinian reaction is
negative they say it's just about
Trump's politicking problems
Netanyahu's political problems not about
resolving the issues in the region
really Aris macula in Jerusalem thank
you very much