a draft resolution at the United Nations
security Council calling for an
immediate ceasefire in Gaza was vetoed
by the United States on Tuesday those
against it was the third such veto since
the start of the Israel Hamas War
abstentions Britain abstained while the
13 other council members all voted in
favor of the drafted text proceeding
with a vote today was wishful and
irresponsible US ambassador to the UN
Linda Thomas Greenfield told the 15
member body that the draft resolution
could jeopardize ongoing ceasefire talks
between the US Egypt Israel and cutter
we believe that the resolution on the
table right now would in fact negatively
impact those
negotiations demanding an immediate
unconditional ceasefire without an
agreement requiring Hamas to release the
hostages will not bring about a durable
peace
instead it could extend the fighting
between Hamas and Israel according to
text seen by Reuters the US has proposed
a rival draft resolution calling for a
temporary ceasefire quote as soon as
practicable and on the condition that
all hostages are released the blocked
draft resolution which was drawn up by
Algeria did not link a ceasefire to the
release of hostages here's algeria's un
Ambassador voting against
implies an endorsement of the brutal
violence Israel's un Ambassador said the
word ceasefire was being mentioned as if
it was quote a magical solution what
exactly will this Silver Bullet
ceasefire
achieve a ceasefire achieves one thing
and one thing only the survival of Hamas
palestine's un Ambassador said blocking
the Algerian drafted resolution would
mean more Horrors in a war that Health
authorities in Gaza say has killed
nearly 29,000 Palestinians the message
given today to Israel with this veto is
that it can continue to get away with
murder outside the UN headquarters in
New York protesters called on the US to
back the resolution Washington
traditionally Shields Israel from un
action and has been averse to the word
ceasefire in any resolution but the
draft resolution it proposed could
signal a shift as the US text Echoes
language that President Joe Biden said
he used last week in extensive talks
with Israel prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu in which he pushed for a
temporary
ceasefire