in Israel one teenager and two Arab men
have been killed and several injured in
separate shootings across the country
the incidents are thought to be related
to underwired feuds between two powerful
rival Clans our correspondent Jody Cohen
sent us this ground report
according to Israeli media reports the
shootings in shparram and farcana in the
country's North and Rahat in the South
took place within hours of each other
besides the three killed in the
shootings nearly 20 were injured
including one man seriously hurt by
gunfire while in a barber shop next to
his screaming son
the latest shootings follow a string of
similar incidents according to the
Abraham initiatives which tracks
violence crime in the Arab Israeli
Community this brings the death toll to
109 since the start of the Year
according to the Israel police most of
the incidents are the result of criminal
disputes most of the shootings are
thought to be related to extortion loan
sharking protection brackets and other
criminal activities with some related to
domestic violence
on Saturday hundreds of people including
some Arab members of parliament
protested against the increase in crime
rate which has more than doubled
compared with the same period last year
to tackle this issue prime minister
Netanyahu this month called a summit
with parliamentarians from Arab focused
parties the government said they will
appoint a policy coordinator to be the
point person to help tackle the spike in
organized crime and Netanyahu said he
himself will head a steering committee
to personally deal with the issue
however many Community leaders say the
authorities have failed to crack down on
the criminal organizations despite
promising more resources this is Jody
Cohen for we on world as one
is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move
[Music]