well he was out there as a young fedal
journalist and was uh covering the ism
which is a protest movement and he was
rescuing some children or trying to help
rescue children from sniper fire from an
Israeli Watchtower and he was shot by
one of their
soldiers and uh that led to quite a long
investigation to find out what was what
was happening and I think one of the
lessons that we learned from that was
that you can't place any Reliance on on
Israeli accounts of events and I think
that's why I feel it's particularly
relevant today when we're hearing the
Israelis explain their actions in Gaza
so I think that that was our concern
that this was happening again because it
does seem that that's the idea of
approach uh to routinely misrepresent
what ordinary civilian targets as in
some way tainted with a military aspect
and therefore justify their attacking
them and yet you um you still um have
support for Israel don't I do I do
indeed I I I've always supported Israel
um and I still do but I I do find it
very difficult when you see how the
Palestinians are treated and the
inhumane and unethical policies that
they adopted and seem to be getting
worse and certainly in the present war
in Gaza um they seem to have gone
completely out of control um you know
we're talking about 14,000 civilians
having been killed in the space of what
six weeks and that's more than the
Russians have killed in the ukraini and
the whole of the Ukrainian conflict and
yet Hamas the Barbarian on the 7th of
October is what triggered the situation
we have seen that we don't know how many
exactly hostage is are being held but
they're being held in tunnels underneath
Gaza and being used as a currency in
order to try to keep a ceasefire in
place what would what's your view on
that well I understand that I mean to
kill 1200 people is barbarous but what
you must remember is that that barbarity
was incited by the ongoing barbarity of
the Israeli policy is towards Palestine
if