Israel mounts attack on Gaza Israeli
Army has said it struck 450 Gaza Targets
in 24 hours roughly double the figure
that it is typically reported since the
end of the truce with Hamas it marks a
new expansion of the war with the UN
warning that Gaza is tittering on a
complete societal collapse more in this
report the Israeli military appears to
be sharply increasing its strikes in
Gaza marking a possible new expansion of
the war and with hospitals overrun and
food running out the UN is warning that
Gaza Teeter is on the edge of a total
societal collapse this footage is said
the show Israeli troops in the city of
con Yunis the Israeli military says it
hit 450 Targets in Gaza over 24 hours as
of Friday that's double what they've
typically reported since the truce
reached with Hamas fell apart last
week elsewhere in the same city
Palestinians who've been forced from
their homes into a tent city are telling
Reuters journalists their fears this
man's wife is on dialysis but has had to
reduce her
treatments we can be patient with Hunger
he says but how long can his wife wait
to be treated how long can his kids wait
for something to
drink they keep saying dad I want to eat
dad I want to eat he says they're down
to just one meal a day the vast majority
of Gins have been rendered homeless by
the
war meanwhile in Israel the human toll
is also continuing to climb this is the
funeral for a 25-year-old Israeli
soldier killed in the fighting who was
the son of a minister in Israel's war
cabinet as of Friday about a 100 Israeli
soldiers have been reported killed Hamas
says The Minister's son was killed by a
bomb rigged to one of their
tunnels the militant group also reported
Friday that a hostage was killed in a
separate incident during a failed
Israeli rescue attempt the Israeli
military declined to comment on what it
called psychological warfare