the United States has said that its Ally
in the Middle East the state of Israel
has a right to defend itself this after
Rockets were far from Lebanon following
the tensions and also the violence that
was witnessed inside of the Alexa mosque
when the Israeli forces decided to storm
the third holy site in Islam
abroad Rockets rained down over Northern
Israel from the neighboring nation of
Lebanon and according to the Israeli
military about 30 crude Rockets were
reportedly fired into the country of
which 25 were intercepted this is of
course a shuffle of those Rockets
but this is being viewed as the largest
escalation along the frontier between
the state of Israel and Lebanon since a
war was fought between the state of
Israel and Lebanon that is predominantly
Hezbollah in 2006.
the latest attack of course has come
after lebanon's iran-backed Hezbollah
has vowed to back the Palestinians this
after the Israeli forces
went inside of the Alexa most of the
time and prayers were being held the
Alexa mosque is the third holiest site
and the Israelis stormed the Al-Aqsa
mosque compound for a second night in a
row and the visuals that have come out
from the Alexa mosque are very very
disturbing because of the scale of the
violence that has been perpetrated by
the Israeli forces
and the Israeli forces resorted to the
use of flash Banks and stunned granites
and tear gas and rubber coated steel
bullets within the confines of the Alexa
mosque on the Palestinian worshipers
would gather there during the prayers in
the holy month of Ramadan and this
action by the Israelis in which at least
about 12 Palestinians are set to sustain
some serious injuries is drawn
widespread condemnation the United
Nations Chief is also condemned or the
rockets that have been far from Lebanon
into the state of Israel
and is called for restraint to be
exercised as the UNSC is to hold an
emergency meeting over the situation at
the behest of the United Arab Emirates
and China
[Music]
[Music]