7 days into the Israel Hamas War Gaza
City lies in Ruins here's a report from
the epicenter of War Gaza City filed by
Ramy
almari this is a part of the rented home
of ibraim that was damaged even not that
grossly but as you can see it is being
damaged because of the strike against a
nearby home that was totally destroyed
totally destroyed that's the scene for
for now uh at abim's R this uh this
about fourest story building with three
story building that was destroyed by the
Israeli warri planes and this very big
deal of damage has caused the nearby the
nearby as you might see here the nearby
homes and residential homes to be at
least partially destroyed this is what
the Israeli warri planes always leave in
the territory for the time being in
different parts of the
region this is the home that is for
story for story building that was
totally destroyed and on the other side
of the road you can see some homes that
were partially damaged by the total
Destruction of this Forest story
building that belongs to one of the
residents of the magazi refugee camp I'm
standing here in the front of an Ana
United Nations relief and works agency
run school elementary school for girls
that has been transferred has been
turned into a shelter a safe shelter for
few thousand few thousands of
Palestinians who live who used to live
near the border lines with Israel you
know magazi is an eastern part of the
Gaza Strip and in the middle of Gaza
strap and it and it's located uh uh uh
close to the Israeli borders we are here
standing about 3 kilomet from the
Israeli Border Lines with Gaza and these
population of these residents who are
being this place that this place this H
School H School were lived or used to
live just close to the Border about 700
M 1,000 M away from the Border Lines and
after the Israeli Army the Israeli
government had it written it had it
written that warned the residents the
whole residence of of Eastern borders
with Israel to leave the place and move
inside inside the towns like what we are
having now this is inside center of the
magazi refugee camp and Central Gaza
Strip and those dwellers of the B lines
were forced to come over to this place
to seek a safe sh shter under the
Israeli
threats