the further we moved up the mountain
with the Mediterranean Sea behind us the
closer we got to the border that
separates Israel from Lebanon instead of
trees a thick wall and Israeli
surveillance Towers Line This Ridge many
Israeli towns lie directly in
hezbollah's line of
[Applause]
fire we've had to take shelter behind
the car because of what seemed like
Small Arms firing it's not clear who
started but it's certainly between
hisbah on the Lebanese side and also
we've heard outgoing fire from Israel
towards
Lebanon since the war on Gaza some of
the residents of the beding town of have
been witnessing crossborder firing and
air strikes almost
daily While most of those living in the
northern towns have left their homes
until the fighting is over some like fa
and his family chose to
stay he points to a
mosque that's in the Lebanese town next
to us he
says is on the front line fael sees the
incoming rockets and can also hear the
Israeli air strikes on the other
side we see it all it's very dangerous
there's no work no school no doctors or
people left we're scared could
Infiltrate The Wall Hezbollah Fighters
tried it before but failed they could
try again like what we saw on October
7th later that day Hezbollah said it had
targeted Israeli Army outposts in a
number of locations and Israel says it
responded by hitting its infrastructure
and positions not long after that
statement that's a rocket that you're
hearing just behind me there and during
a live this happened that's the bang
it's just landed a hisbah rocket fired
across and into
Israel the Iranian back group has
increased its range of capabilities with
locals saying this is the heaviest
bombardment since Israel's 2006 war with
Lebanon and with every mortar or long
range rocket that falls into Israel
towns like shomi will remain
empty
alaz on the Israeli Lebanese
border make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer