after the us-led invasion of Iraq in
2003 Iran seized on an opportunity to
start building funding arming training
and expanding sheia proxies in the
region again the aim was to eject US
troops from the region and cause as much
harm as possible to Israel their
management and coordination fell under
the responsibility of the irgc's foreign
Wing the goods Force which translates to
the Jerusalem Force their stated mandate
was and Remains The Liberation of
Jerusalem over the years Iran's proxies
started to expand with the jewel in the
crown being Hezbollah the model they
wanted to replicate with their
burgeoning proxies militias started to
grow in Iraq Syria Yemen all of whom owe
what they are to Teran displaying
unwavering loyalty to the Islamic
Republic their rise to power and success
in asymmetrical IC Warfare and Guerilla
fighting was all masterminded by the
head of the goods Force Kasam suani his
objective was to build militias in the
region that could attack US forces and
threaten Israel while creating a buffer
between them and tan making sure the
fight never entered Iranian soil while
maintaining a thin veneer of plausible
deniability Iran's objective has long
been to be a medal not a mediator that
doesn't get its own hands dirty by
creating what they call the axis of
resistance if Iran was to get physically
involved in this latest conflict it
would break with decades long strategy
to push red lines with the us as far as
possible but to make sure it always
falls short of a direct reprisal from
the US because they know a direct fight
with America could risk weakening them
significantly or dislodging them from
Power a risk so far that they have
avoided
taking thanks for watching stay updated
about breaking news and top stories on
the NBC News app or follow us on social
media