exactly a month ago on the 7th of
October Hamas militants broke through
Israel's border defenses at least 30
points across this so-called Iron Wall
erected around the Gaza Strip were
breached now this 64 km barrier runs
along the length of the Enclave cutting
it off from the rest of the world rise
groups call the Gaza Strip an open a
prison any movement in and out is
heavily controlled the are two entry and
exit points the Aras Crossing with
Israel in the North and the Rafa
Crossing with Egypt in the South Israel
controls gaza's airspace and its Waters
now Israel also controls the flow of
electricity food water and medical
supplies and even before The Siege
imposed in the wake of the attack Gaza
was already in a state of humanitarian
crisis consider this this trip is about
40 km long and 12 kilomet wide 2.3
million people live there making it one
of the most densely populated places in
the world that's an average of around
5,500 people per square kilometer
Israel's average population density is
around 400 people per square kilometer
on the 12th of October Israel told more
than 1 million civilians in the north to
move to the South now the UN says around
60% of the two points 3 million people
were displaced in the span of 24 hours
eight has been trickling in through the
border at Rafa before October 7th nearly
500 trucks crossed per day and that's
down to a daily average of 12 trucks now
the world food program says a third of
the population or 1.84 million people
were food insecure even before this
latest war broke out UNICEF estimates
people had access to Less Than 3 lers of
water per day to drink cook and wash the
minimum emergency daily threshold is 15
lers per person