news that's just coming in Israel is now
preparing for a fullblown brown assault
on Gaza as Palestinians are now fleeing
Israel's message to those who are
staying in Gaza war is not against you
Israel is now declaring a planned
grounded assault on Gaza and also wants
hez buah to stay out of it or risk the
destruction of Lebanon Hamas says
Palestinians will not
leave
the latest that's coming in in the
Israel Hamas war is that Israel is all
set and they are now fully prepared for
a Full brone Assault that will take
place on the ground they have in fact
now sent a message to all those people
the civilians especially who are staying
in Gaza Israel has said that the war is
not against you and now they are asking
the civilians the those who are staying
in north of Gaza to move towards the
southern part of Gaza on the other side
is Hamas that is now asking the Civ ions
to stay put on the other
side Israel has also now sent a warning
to hullah and said that you need to stay
out of this war or you will risk the
destruction of Lebanon
too the IDF is calling for the people of
Gaza to evacuate to Southern Gaza for
their safety Israel and Hamas are at War
a war that Hamas started with a brutal
Massacre that left over 1,000 Israeli
children women
and Men
slaughtered they've continuously
attacked Israel every day since we have
a responsibility to protect our people
and make sure this thing never happens
again that is why the IDF is operating
to eliminate Hamas and Gaza our war is
not with the people of Gaza let me say
that again our war is not with the
people of Gaza in stark contrast to
hamas's war crime
hamas's crimes against humanity we are
calling on the residents of Gaza City to
evacuate southwards for their own safety
not just because it's international law
because it's our values our morals and
we demand no less our warnings are to
save Gaz and civilians civilians that
Hamas believes are more valuable dead
than alive Hamas has already told
civilians in Gaza to ignore the warnings
calling them fake and even stopping them
physically from leaving Gaza City Hamas
is responsible for the people of Gaza
the IDF is responsible for defending the
people of Israel