well calls for a ceasefire in the Israel
Hamas War are growing more and more
straightened across the world people are
insisting that world leaders put aside
other agenda and step in urgently to end
the war such uh was a scene in
Minneapolis when the US President Joe
Biden was speaking at a fundraiser event
a protesting woman RAB Rabbi uh
interrupted the US President Biden's
speech to call for a ceas fire Biden was
speaking at to an audience of 200 people
at a campaign when the woman shouted
chance to end the war Biden tried to
Plate her by saying that the hostages
need to be secured first Biden also
mentioned that he had mediated with
Egypt's President to get the Rafa
Crossing open for Aid and evacuations
but when uh the woman kept her protests
up she was subsequently removed from the
room uh not far from the fundraiser
event in here other protesters also
numbering a nearly thousand uh in
strength were holding similar
demonstrations with flags and placards
reading free Palestine and ceasefire now
but Joe Biden is not the only us leader
who is facing a backlash due to
Washington's stance on the ongoing
conflict Israel Hamas War has ignited a
battle even in American college campuses
the former US first lady Hillary Clinton
found herself in the middle of one such
disturbance when a group of Columbia
University student staged a walk out
from her lecture that was part of a
course on women's involvement in peace
process say 30 students out of the 300
seated in Clinton's classroom staged a
walk out they joined other students who
were protesting what they perceived as
the school's role in publicly shaming
them last week a video uh screen panel a
top a truck showed photographs of
students while labeling them as
Columbia's leading anti-semitic Semitic
uh students uh the students alleged that
the photographs were taken from a
private and secure online platform they
demanded immediate legal support
[Music]
course