the invoking of article 99 by the UN
Secretary General is a really dramatic
move it's sort of like the firing off of
an SOS flare article 99 allows him to
bring to the attention of the council
any matter which may threaten the
maintenance of International Peace and
security it's the first time that guish
has used this measure since he became
Secretary General in 2017 it's only
happened nine times in the history of
the UN the last time was back in 19 1989
to push for a ceasefire in lebanon's
Civil War well the UN said that Gish
decided to take this step uh due to the
huge loss of life in Gaza and Israel in
such a short space of time and the
severe risk of the humanitarian system
collapsing in Gaza he's essentially
pleading with the security Council to
help avert a catastrophe it's a
reflection of his frustration Council in
action and a reminder that they must do
more now gues wants the security
Security Council to call for a ceasefire
this calls a push for them to meet as
soon as possible and it now seems that
they will be meeting on Friday now here
it's important to explain that the
majority of council members do want a
ceasefire the one that does not is the
United States Israel's main Ally in the
council and it's a powerful veto
wielding Ally a group of Arab ministers
is in DC on Thursday to lobby for a
ceasefire in his letter to the council
president Gish stressed that this war
has irreversible implications for the
Palestinians and indeed for the whole
region Israel's ambassador to the UN
gilad Eran has reacted angrily at saying
that this is actually a call to keep
hamas's reign of terror in Gaza well he
called once again for the Secretary
General to
resign