and calls to allow humanitarian access
and for Hamas to free Israeli hostages
echoed in the House of Commons today as
Parliament resumed for the first time
since the October 7th Hamas attack
Canada is calling for unimpeded
humanitarian access and a humanitarian
Corridor so that essential Aid like food
Fuel and water can be delivered to
civilians in Gaza meanwhile a million
gazin are reportedly displaced many more
are suffering and have lost their or
have lost their lives let's bring in
ctv's Chief political correspondent
vashi capello's vashi the war clearly
top of mind for parliamentarians in this
country what did they say today Omar it
really dominated discussion and debate
as members of parliament returned to the
house after a week back in their
constituencies the Prime Minister even
stood up this afternoon to speak
specifically about everything unfolding
in the Middle East and I would note a
kind of evolution in his comment comment
and that of other comments of other
politicians from different political
Stripes as well since hamas's attack
last Saturday following that attack they
were Resolute right everybody condemned
Hamas they expressed support for Israel
but as Israel's counter offensive on
Hamas in Gaza intensifies and so too
does the humanitarian crisis there and
the sheer number of civilians impacted
in one way or the other you have seen uh
more Nuance to the way in which the
Prime Minister and others are talking
about it more of a focus on that
humanitarian crisis and more of an Ask
of Israel to adhere to international law
I think the thing I'm watching for going
forward is certainly exactly that
whether as this humanitarian crisis in
Gaza escalates the resolve that we've
seen among most politicians remains or
whether that too is challenged in a
commensurate way Omar all right vashy
thank you