and there are no signs the biggest war
in Europe since the second world war
will end anytime soon key members of
NATO including Canada have rejected an
idea floated by the French president at
a crisis meeting in Paris cdv's Heather
Wright is in Poland tonight on The
Diplomatic disruption and the response
Heather Omar the idea of sending NATO
troops into Ukraine has rarely been
discussed publicly the alliance trying
to avoid being dragged into a wider war
with Russia and after comments made by
French president Emanuel mcon many
member states including Canada have been
quick to shut the idea down at a meeting
of Western allies yesterday in Paris
macron said nothing can be ruled out
when it comes to sending soldiers to
fight in Ukraine these comments drew a
swift rebuke from the Kremlin which
warned that a direct conflict between
NATO and Russia would be inevitable if
combat troops were deployed in Ukraine
Germany Poland NATO and Canada among the
countries to rule out troop deployment
with the defense Minister's office
saying in a statement we will continue
to provide Ukraine with Comprehensive
military assistance but as a NATO member
Canada has no plans to deploy combat
troops to Ukraine and while NATO and
other allies were quick to deny any
plans the conversation was
unsurprisingly welcome to the ukrainians
who said even discussing the idea shows
there is an awareness about the risk
posed by Russia which continued to
advance further into Ukraine
today officials say troops retreated
from two more Villages as president
volodimir zalinski traveled to Saudi
Arabia to meet with Crown Prince
Muhammad bin Salman talks aimed at
finding an eventual path to peace as
well as securing a prisoner of war
exchange between Ukraine and Russia
right now NATO only provides non-lethal
support to Ukraine though many member
states provide weapons and ammunition
any decision to send troops though would
have to be unanimous and based on the
comments made today that does not appear
likely in the near future Omar all right
Heather thank you