in a rather interesting turn of events
US Special Envoy for Yemen Tim lender
King has left the door open for
Washington to again remove the terror
designation from houti Rebels however
there is a caveat the latter must seize
their attacks in the red SE that's right
this statement comes as the houis
continue holding 25 crew members of the
Japanese cargo ship the Galaxy leader
captive the United States designated
terror group hijacked the vessel in
November
but my hope is the envoy for Yemen is
that we can find diplomatic off ramps to
find ways to deescalate and allow us to
pull back eventually the designation and
of course to end the military strikes on
hou's Military
capability the comment is in line with
US Secretary of State Anthony blinkin
statement in November upon re-evaluating
the hui's designation as a terrorist
organization Lincoln has said and I
quote if the houi sees their attacks in
the Red Sea and Gulf of aen the United
States will re-evaluate this designation
then US president Donald Trump
originally designated the houis a
terrorist organization in January
2021 it was one of his last acts in
office the Biden Administration later
reversed this decision citing the
designation likely exasperating effect
on humanitarian crisis in Yemen however
things changed following the October 7
attack on Israel's Gaza Onslaught the
hui's decision to attack International
Private vessels sailing in the Red Sea
and the Gulf of Aden as well as kidnap
Crews has led to a US centered
International response this included
missile strikes on houi vessels and
interests in Yemen as a consequence
Washington redesignated the houis as
especially designated Global terrorist
in January 17th announcement following
this their terror group status became
effective starting mid
February for all the latest news
download the weon app And subscribe to
our YouTube channel