under the watchful eye of several law
enforcement agencies thousands of Jewish
Americans gathered Tuesday at the
National Mall in Washington to express
support for Israel and call for the
release of the hostages kidnapped by the
militant group Hamas during a terrorist
incursion into Israel on October 7 just
like you have uh Israel made a corridor
so that gazen refugees who wanted to
leave who were in fear of their lives
they made have passage for them I'd like
to see a safe passage for the
240 kidnapped Israelis that were taken
from their homes everybody saw what
Hamas did and of course I I Cay for you
know to to minimize civilian righ goers
also denounced all forms of
anti-Semitism I have never experienced
so much anti-Semitism in my life I'm
used to anti-Semitism but not at this
level there were also calls for the
United States to run Grandpa its support
to Israel I think that more financial
aid is needed I think that making sure
that the Middle East stays safe is a
huge priority for the United States
among the thousands of people who
gathered for the March for Israel there
was a subgroup of people who had a
different set of views concerning the
conflict in the Middle East they
participated under the banner of the
peace block and were led by lobing
groups such as J Street and the NGO
Americans for peace now some questioned
aspects of Israel's military offensive
in Gaza I wouldn't consider it a
counterd demonstration I would consider
it a piece of the larger conversation
what we need immediately is we need a
pause in the fighting we need a
humanitarian pause we condemn hamas's
actions however we believe that to fight
war crimes with more war crimes does not
solve the problem others share their
views on what should happen when the
fighting ends yeah I'm in favor of a
two-state solution I think that's the
only solution we care about Israel
deeply and we care about the
Palestinians and we want to see both of
those people with dignity sovereignty
Freedom despite the wide variety of
opinions among Jewish Americans who
participated in the March for Israel and
a couple of tense moments during
encounters with Jewish Orthodox
protesters on the sidelines of the main
event the rally was held and concluded
in an environment of
Peace Veronica vasias vaa News
[Music]
Washington