well as it stands this resolution calls
for an urgent suspension of hostilities
and the wording is absolutely key here
that's what all the Diplomatic wrangling
has been about over the past days
because what Washington does not want
and what Washington would veto would be
any resolution calling for a ceasefire
Israel and the United States do not want
a ceasefire they argue that that would
only benefit Hamas on the ground there
in the Gaza Strip and so uh this vote
which was originally due to take place
on Monday was postponed to Tuesday and
now it seems like it's going to be
postponed to a little later on the day
to 12:30 local time uh because the
wrangling over the wording continues but
as it stands yes it will call for an
urgent suspension of hostilities it also
calls for unimpeded Aid access uh
because uh civilians there in the Gaza
Strip have not been able to get food
water medical supplies and and it calls
for something else that is new that has
not been in any of the previous
resolutions put to the security Council
on this War uh in in uh the the Gaza
Strip uh it calls for uh the United
Nations to have a monitoring presence it
calls for the UN to monitor all of the
Aid distribution into Gaza and the UN
Secretary General Antonio gues has put
forward uh three possible ways to do
this uh one being a larger un presence
on the ground so uh more uh human rights
staff there in the Gaza Strip or a
civilian Observer Mission which would uh
mainly be deployed uh at checkpoints and
places like that to monitor how Aid
comes in and that it's unimpeded it has
unimpeded access or a uniformed presence
made up of uh unarmed military observers
to monitor seized fires