Israeli settlers are attacking the
Palestinian Village of that's south of
nablas in the occupied West Bank an
ambulance can be seen making its way to
the scene of the attack amid reports of
Palestinian casualties this flare up
follows violence uh this flare up in
violence follows The Disappearance of a
14-year-old settler whose body was found
on Saturday recent settler attacks are
part of a broader wave of violence which
has heightened since is is's war on Gaza
Rory Chalin joining us from ramala in
the occupied West Bank what are you
hearing about what's taking place in
that Village and the number of
casualties so
far another deadly encounter between
Palestinians and is is illegal Israeli
settlers now uh we understand that two
Palestinians have been killed and a
third is injured uh that's around the
village of arraba uh which is southeast
of of Naas now uh We've confirmed this
with a medic who was attending the scene
who also said that the bodies were being
withheld the Palestinians as far as we
understand uh were were sheep herders
were shepherds uh looking after their
flocks when they were approached by the
Israeli settlers now this part this area
southeast of of nabas is pretty much the
hot spot of settler violence uh followed
only by heon and then the rala area as
well and this is just the latest in what
is an
incredibly violent period uh for
Palestinians in their encounters with
with Israeli settlers there have been
four Palestinian deaths uh since Friday
we know that uh large groups of settlers
uh have been attacking at least 17
different Palestinian Villages uh there
have been according to the United
Nations since October the 7th there have
been 16 Palestinian deaths with more
than 700 attacks on uh on on
Palestinians in total so you can see
that this this latest flare up is is
part of a wider increase of settler
violence now the uh the defense minister
y of galance has warned against
vigilantism uh after that Israeli
settler boy was found dead but and he
sent more troops to the area but more
troops doesn't necessarily equal
reassurance for the Palestinians who say
that the troops often take the settlers
side thank you Rory challenge reporting
from
rad make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Alia