so as the world focused its attention on
the escalation of tensions between
Israel and Iran illegal Jewish settlers
launched one of their worst Rampages yet
against Palestinians in the occupied
West Bank since Israel launched its
brutal war on palestine's Gaza so what's
actually happening in the occupied West
Bank so what happened was settler
violence erupted on April 12th after the
body of a missing 14-year-old Israeli
boy was discovered in the illegal
settler Outpost of Malaki hasham near
ramala which is an area Palestinians are
prohibited from entering now Israel says
the boys's death was a result of a
terrorist attack but provided no
evidence to support this claim in the
absence of a thorough investigation
fanatical Israeli settlers assumed that
Palestinians were responsible for his
death what followed was an uncontrolled
offensive against Palestinians in al-
near rala in the occupied West Bank
according to local Palestinian median
agency Waffa some of the settlers were
armed with guns stones and some with
flamable liquids in just two days at
least two Palestinians were killed more
than 50 people were injured 11 Villages
were attacked 70 houses were burned to
the ground and four agricultural green
houses were set on fire so this footage
shows Israeli forces allowing Jewish
settlers to conduct these raids with
without even trying to stop them so the
head of the village local Council
slayman daa told the Associated Press
and I quote the Army came but
unfortunately the Army was protecting
the settlers it doesn't end there
settlers continue to Target roads in
cars leading to the Palestinian Villages
and on the other hand Israeli forces
prevented ambulances from entering the
villages to provide Aid to Injured
Palestinians and according to the
Palestinian red Christen Society a
volunteer paramedic was attacked by
Israeli forces while he was transporting
one of the injured from alphara camp now
this is far from being the first time
Palestinians have been targeted in the
occupied West
Bank in 2023 alone Israeli forces and
the settlers killed almost 500
Palestinians in the occupied territories