there is some breaking news prime
minister Narendra Modi has spoken to his
Israeli counterpart Netanyahu today my
colleague kadini Sharma has all the
details kadam what was discussed in this
phone call between prime minister
Narendra Modi and Mr
Netanyahu well both the leaders have
discussed quite a lot and uh this is in
the midst of the war that is going on
between Israel and Hamas the two leaders
talked about the maritime situation we
have seen how uh the global interests
are in question now now that we have
seen uh the attacks on ships which have
been Crossing Red Sea and the Arabian
Sea so there is this fact that PM Modi
noted that freedom of navigation is an
essential Global necessity as prime
minister Ben n who has tweeted out they
had also he also thanked PM Modi for
support of Israel in the war to
eliminate the Hamas terrorist
organization according to Benjamin
netanyahu's tweet and they have also
talked about the importance of uh
securing uh the navigation of in Babel
manday and they they have talked about
other issues as well so this is an
important conversation given that uh
India was one of the first countries
which had talked about uh the terror
attack and condemning the terror attack
p Modi had tweeted out apart from that
India has been steadfast in saying that
there should be a two-state solution and
that is Final Solution so these two
leaders talking at this moment is quite
important because we have seen that the
bombing of Gaza has taken some sympathy
away from Israel the leaders are asking
of the te countries have been asking
Israel to scale back the aggression in
which thousands of civilians are being
killed so this telephone call is a kind
of contact that uh Israel would want and
both the leaders have talked about
Maritime navigation as well as uh other
issues