as war in Gaza continues to exact a
heavy toll the US National Security
adviser has told reporters in Tel Aviv
the conflict will eventually transition
to a new phase one that could inflict
less harm on
civilians we are now in the middle of a
high intensity phase with ongoing ground
operations military operations in both
the northern half and the southern half
of Gaza but um there will be a
transition to another phase of this war
one that is focused uh in more precise
ways on targeting the leadership and uh
on intelligence driven operations that
continues to deal with the ongoing
threat that Hamas
poses Mr Sullivan who headed to the West
Bank for talks with Palestinian leaders
offered no details on any specific
timeline for this shift he did however
double down on Israeli claims that it
will take months to meet its objectives
in Gaza but made clear Israel should not
occupy Gaza in the long long term on the
ground Israel continues to press deeper
into the territory the Palestinian death
toll is fast approaching
19,000 dozens more are dead after
bombardments across several regions in
the north as well as the South including
the key city of Han Unis as well as Rafa
near the Egyptian border 1 million
displaced Palestinians are currently
seeking safety there but hospitals have
been overwhelmed with the new influx of
patients
on the Israeli front the IDF says it has
recovered the bodies of two captive
soldiers and brought them back to Israel
their families were informed following
an identification process the
announcement comes just a few hours
after the body of another civilian was
retrieved from the strip but the
28-year-old French Israeli was among
those kidnapped at an outdoor music
festival in southern Israel on the 7th
of October France has expressed its
condolences reiterating that releasing
all hostages taken by Hamas is its
priority