doctors attend to wounded patients in a
tent in jabalia as the fighting in
Northern Gaza raged on Saturday
residents reported persistent aerial
bombardment and shelling from Israeli
tanks which they said had moved further
into the town it follows an appeal from
the UN Security Council for more aid for
the Palestinian Enclave though it
stopped short of demanding a ceasefire
US President Joe Biden spoke with
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu on Saturday about the
situation in Israel and Gaza I I had a
long talk with Netanyahu today in this a
private conversation while leaving for
Camp David Biden told reporters he did
not ask Netanyahu for a
ceasefire Israel's main Ally has kept up
its support while expressing concern
over the growing casualty toll and
humanitarian crisis in Gaza n Yahoo's
office said in a statement the Israeli
leader quote made clear that Israel will
pursue the war until all of its
objectives are fully
met at least 2011 Palestinians have been
killed over the past 24 hours taking the
death to to over 20,000 during the 11we
conflict the Palestinian Health Ministry
said on Saturday thousands more bodies
are believe trapped under Rubble hamas's
armed Wings said it had destroyed five
Israeli tanks in the area killing and
injuring their Crews after reusing two
undetonated missiles launched earlier by
Israel Raiders could not independently
verify the report Israel said more than
140 of its soldiers have been killed
since it launched its ground incursion
in response to an October 7 Rampage by
gaza's ruling Hamas militants 1,200
people were killed and 240 hostages were
taken back into the Enclave Hamas said
on Saturday it had lost contact with a
group it said was responsible for five
of the Israeli hostages due to Israeli
bombardment more than 100 hostages are
still believed to be in
Gaza