Israel is facing its most serious crisis
in decades in fact this happens to be
one of the most intense escalations in
the Israel Palestinian conflict in years
it's reported that this could have a
direct impact on Israel's Tech sector
according to investors and analysts tech
companies operating in Israel are
expected to fortify security as they
could face disruptions understand that
for a few decades high-tech Industries
have been the fastest growing sector in
Israel they have been crucial for
economic growth accounting for 14% of
jobs and almost a fifth of the gross
domestic product according to Jack ablin
Chief investment officer and founding
partner at cresit wealth advisers
short-term resources could be diverted
if the conflict expands for instance
staff at tech companies being called up
as military reservists quinc crossby who
is the chief Global strategist at LPL
Financial in Charlotte says there will
likely be a tremendous effort to guard
physical
installations for companies from attacks
because some technology spending is tied
to the military Nvidia which is the
world's largest maker of chips used for
artificial intelligence and computer
Graphics says it has cancelled an AI
Summit scheduled for Tel Aviv next week
its CEO was due to speak at the event
Israel's technology sector has already
been facing a Slowdown in 2023 due to
internal political conflict and protests
but it's important to note that the
Israeli Tech sector has always bounced
back from geopolitical tragedies it has
shown resilience in the past it remains
to be seen how Israel's high tech sector
which is seen as a global lender and
leader in technology navigates and grows
amid the latest
crisis weon is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the move oh