[Music]
we are with Italian Soldiers the second
largest contingent in the UN
peacekeeping force unifil their base in
southern Lebanon is a few kilometers
from the border with
Israel since the war on Gaza began in
October the peacekeepers have been in
the middle of an escalating conflict
here there's been daily exchanges of
fire since the Lebanese armed group
Hezbollah opened a front line against
Israeli forces to support Palestinians
in Gaza the unifil duty uh continue and
carry out as usual according with the
1701
resolution what changed was our posture
that was set up accordance with the
instability of the period UN resolution
1701 was adopted following the last war
between Israel and Hezbollah in
2016 it tasked unifil with helping
lebanon's Army and the presence of armed
groups such as Hezbollah up to 20 km
from Israel's border it never happened
and Israel is now threatening a wider
conflict until it does but lebanon's
government says Israel must first stop
violating Lebanese sovereignty and
withdraw from disputed areas along the
border western diplomats have presented
proposals to bring an end to the
hostilities along the border but they
have said it is no longer enough to
return to the relative calm and
stability that prevailed before October
that would involve a political process
based on the full implementation of UN
resolution
1701 that should involve a beefed up
presence of lebanon's Army in the South
which is not involved in this conflict
officials say the Army faces financial
and logistical challenges to carry out
its tasks but there's also a lack of
political will Western powers are
proposing to help strengthen the army so
that it can deploy in numbers and serve
as a buffer Force to restore stability
so 1701 in terms of support to the
Lebanese Army is ongoing that's a long
process and that's what the
International Community is trying to do
to bring more Lebanese Army to the south
of Lebanon first there needs to be a
settlement to this conflict but
Hezbollah is refusing to come to the
negotiating table as long as the war on
Gaza continues zenah aljaz Southern
Lebanon
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer