over in Gaza Israel and Hamas agreed to
extend their truth One Day More at the
last minute hostages had been released
up until the sixth day of the ceasefire
and due to the extension more captives
are anticipated to be freed Pono with
the
latest just 10 minutes before its
expiration Israel and amas agreed to
extend their truths in the Gaza Strip
under the same previous conditions for
another extra day the Israeli Prime
Minister's office said on Thursday that
the truth will continue as Israel was
given a new list of women and miners for
potential release beforehand though not
mentioning an exact number Israel had
agreed to extend the troops by one day
for every 10 living hostages released
and noted it would resume fighting if
that condition was not met meanwhile
Qatar one of the negotiators between
Israel and namas also confirmed the
extension in a statement made by its
foreign Ministry on Thursday the
ministry added that negotia A's continue
in Hope of reaching off permanent
ceasefire in Gaza thanks to continuous
efforts by these mediators including
Qatar Egypt and the us more captives are
said to be released and more
humanitarian Aid convoys are scheduled
to enter Gaza just before the ceasefire
between Israel and Hamas was due to
expire at 7:00 a.m. on Thursday local
time 16 hostages were released by Hamas
including 10 Israelis four Tha Nationals
and two Russians they were handed over
to the Red Cross late Wednesday on the
sixth day of the truce and were taken to
five different hospitals in Israel in
exchange Israel also released 30
Palestinians mostly women and minors
over the first 5 days of the ceasefire
which began last Friday Hamas released
81 hostages and Israel freed 180
Palestinians from prison mainly women
and minors ponu arang news