I mean it's pretty significant the caram
Shalom Crossing is where 60% of the aid
before the war would pass through uh and
about 400 to 500 trucks would come in uh
to the Gaza Strip before uh this war
remember a two-thirds of gazin rely in
some way on a un or Aid handout uh and
now during the war in the best of times
we're seeing maybe 200 trucks come in
when arguably uh the needs are much much
much greater uh so if the Kum Shalom
Crossing opens again as Israel is now
signaling and it may take a couple days
until it does uh that would allow
potentially another uh 200 trucks per
day uh to get in uh it would be uh and
it would also be another juncture
another point where AID could be
distributed so it may uh help uh Quicken
the pace of distribution uh so it is a
very uh important step uh and one that
will bring a modicum of relief to some
of the Gaz and civilians uh who are now
packed really into uh the southern uh
Gaza Strip and find themselves uh with
few places that are completely safe
given the intensity of the fighting
going on in Kan Yunis uh which is you
know right in the southern part of the
Gaza Strip and civilians are essentially
to the West to the east of that City and
more and more moving to the South to the
Rafa Crossing um but there's only really
one safe Zone Zone that Israel has uh
defined moazi uh and that area really is
not large enough to even uh take in all
the civilians that are seeking shelter
uh we may see in the days ahead Israel
Define or declare another safe Zone um
you know because otherwise you know
Israel's promise to the United States
that it would do a better job of
protecting civilians in this second
stage of the war it is you know not able
to do that and we saw from the remarks
of the US Secretary of State Anthony
blinkin yesterday essentially you know
issuing uh um a rebuke saying there's
still a gap and he and and Israel needs
to do a better job