Palestine on the eve of 1948 the green
areas showing Palestinian majority areas
and the blue marking the Jewish
population Jewish presence had grown
from 84,000 in 1917 to 640,000 in
1947 that's after the British capture of
Palestine and the Bala declaration for
the establishment of a Jewish homeland a
year later war broke out and Western
backed Israel launched its ethnic
cleansing of Arabs from Palestine
victory in 1948 emboldened the new
Jewish community and it refused to
accept the UN partition plan Tel Aviv
also immediately introduced a plan to
expand Jewish settlements in the newly
occupied
lands Israel Caesar of Gaza in East
Jerusalem in the 1967 war completed its
capture of all Palestinian lands from
Arab control as well as parts of Egypt
and Syria one of the first acts was the
formal annexation of East Jerusalem and
its holy sites including the Alexa
mosque that's still deemed illegal under
international law particularly the
unanimous United Nations security
resolution 242 after the 1967
ceasefire it stresses occupation can't
be used as a means to grab land signing
the agreement didn't stop Israel's
expansionist dreams as it continued to
erase Arab Heritage from areas
captured they were only Cur with the
1973 Arab Israeli War soon after Tel
Aviv gave up the captured Sinai
Peninsula for a permanent peace deal and
recognition by Egypt since then it has
struggled to control Rising Palestinian
descent within the captured Palestinian
territory that culminated in the 1993
Oso Accords with Israel accepting the
right of Palestinians to statehood but
the move was rejected by many in Israel
particularly Benjamin Netanyahu in in
1996 his return to power in 2003 has
seen an expansion of Jewish settlements
and annexation of land in the West Bank
as well as the economically crippling
Gaza blockade since
2006 Gaza is now in Ruins following
Israel's Onslaught since October 7 with
right-wing Israeli leaders promising to
turn it into a new Jewish
settlement that means the Palestine
accepted as Arab Land by the United
Nations in 1947
has been reduced to dots of green in an
increasing sea of blue Israeli
occupation sh Hassan T
world