let's also now bring you some visuals to
help you understand where the conflict
currently stands what are the kind of
developments that we've seen in the last
24 to 48 hours this is the air strike
that we spoke about a short while ago
that has happened at the jabalia camp
this is in fact a refugee camp and the
unfortunate bit is that this is the
largest refugee camp in Gaza now the
attack on this refugee camp
understandably has led to a lot of
casualties and injuries as well but what
we hearing from Israel is that yes there
have been civilian casualties but Israel
claims that as part of this air strike
they've managed to neutralize a key
Hamas commander who they believe was one
of the main Men Behind the October 7th
attack let's move on to the other set of
visuals missiles rain down on the Gaza
Skyline as we pointed out we continue to
see offensive coming in from Hamas
supported by hisbah but there is a
counter offensive that's coming in from
the IDF as well and because of which we
continue to see Miss missiles rain down
as far as the Gaza Strip is concerned
day in and day out even one month down
after this conflict in fact had started
let's bring you some other visuals now
the unfortunate reality of every
conflict every war is the kind of
Destruction damage and casualties that
you see exactly what we see in the
visuals behind me fire scen in ashad
after Gaza rocket strike for the people
that are living in and around Gaza as of
now there is a massive humanitarian
crisis that continues to plague the
place and even though there are
humanitarian corridors that have been
opened for some sort of Aid to get in
the air strikes the kind of attacks that
are happening are making it almost
impossible for these people to look at
any sort of larger term solution going
forward