there's a sense of anticipation at this
staging Post in southern
Israel an order to move on Gaza May well
be coming more slowly than some
anticipated but these combat troops look
Ready for War not a prolonged wait our
Brigade is about to maneuver uh where
were ever needed through through the
sectors that we been that we been need
need to to go through the officer didn't
comment on any delay but said his troops
were keeping busy actually the time that
have been given us is made us much more
prepared much more efficient much more
leful toward Kamas that if we'll be
needed to go to go inside when we have
the sign we'll be able to go and do
whatever we need we need to do the
Israeli military allowed Sky News to
film at this site but we were restricted
about what we could show because of
security reasons they soldiers are
waiting for the order to move forwards
they know if they go to Gaza it will be
dangerous but they say they're not
scared some have lost friends or
relatives in the October the 7th attack
and they say they have no choice but to
fight the troops won't just be thinking
about the threat posed to them by
Hamas it's also about the safety of more
than 200 hostages is there a delay in
the military maneuvering because you
need to take into consideration
The Wider repercussions so we know that
had we entered the Gaza strep on the
first or second or third day we would
have fallen into deadly traps and that
would have meant also probably very
important losses in terms of Israeli
soldiers so we are taking our time but
soldiers can't be kept at this level of
Readiness in
definitely here on the ground at least
it feels like the moment to move is
surely approaching Deborah hayn Sky News
Southern Israel