the port of larnaka not the country's
largest but the country's most important
it is from here where the cpri
government is planning on delivering Aid
to Gaza although they say everything is
ready the plan is stumbling upon some
technical
issues we have the facilities the teams
on the ground and Specialists ready to
and everything is in place but we cannot
deliver the aid unless both sides ensure
us that the ships arriving with help
will be getting there and leaving the
side earlier this month the President of
Cyprus Nikos outlined a proposal to open
a maritime Corridor to help deliver more
Aid to Gaza this could drastically help
Palestinians in need as one shipment is
close to 500 trucks of Aid the plan is
to use the city of larnaka as the main
Hub as it is only 400 km away from Gaza
it has both a port an airport and a qu
coordination Center already in
place the ciate government is confident
that everything is in place for the aid
to be delivered and putting the ships on
the water isn't a problem what they're
worried about is where would it unload
as the only port in Gaza is not
functional they have been discussing
about creating a floating one off the
coast of the Gaza Strip but that cannot
be implemented unless Israel gives the
green light
we discussed having teams from the UN
and other countries here on the ground
to inspect what is going into the ships
to make sure that nothing that could
increase the risk of more conflict we
have already agreed on how we will do it
and all parties are on board including
the European Union so from our side
everything is ready to go the issue here
is who will deliver it once on the
ground some organizations have stepped
up but we need more Insurance before
starting while the ceasefires in place
and Aid is being delivered to those in
need all parties involved are Keen to
get aid from Cypress to Gaza as quick as
possible evangelo hipas for cgtn from
the city of Lara