Gaza Strip one of the most densely
populated piece of land blocked by Egypt
and Israel by land border and Sea on the
other
side now under intense aerial bombing by
Israel since Hamas carried out a terror
attack in
Israel this was the border wall near the
Aris Crossing which Gaza residents had
to cross this was also the route through
which humanitarian aid used to reach the
Gaza Strip but it's monitored and
regulated by Israeli Security
Forces now Israel has announced that it
will stop the Border movement and also
cut off power and water
supply the other Crossing is at Rafa on
the border with Egypt in retaliatory
attacks Israel dropped bombs near Rafa
border forcing Egypt to close it as
residents of Gaza had gathered to cross
over so as Israel announced its total
Siege of Gaza cutting power water fuel
and supply of Essentials the Gaza
residents are literally left with no
basic facilities on the ground and
Israeli fire from the skies but since
Israel's retaliation in the Gaza Strip
has intensified the global order seems
to be changing
The Siege moved by Israel has raised
concern even in parts of the world that
are otherwise sympathetic to
Israel first the EU foreign ministers
have reversed the decision by the
European commission to suspend payment
to the Palestinian Authority after an
emergency meeting in Oman the EU has
also spoken against the siege of Gaza
now China and Russia voicing concern
about the crisis is seen as a support
for Hamas ruled Gaza
Russia has also blamed the US for the
crisis in West Asia the Arab League
foreign ministers will meet in Cairo to
discussed the ongoing War UK France Us
and other major European poers have
shown support to Israel India has also
shown support to Israel's military
action against
[Music]
Hamas with the crisis continuing to
escalate in Israel and Gaza the oners
Now lies on the global superpowers to
work for peace and stop the humanitarian
crisis from worsening further with
Muhammad gazali gari raat for NDTV