this is a place not unaccustomed to
clashes with soldiers leading to Deaths
but on this day the West Bank City of
Janine buried
[Applause]
11 Israeli Defense Forces rolled in
early Thursday morning as part of what
the IDF calls a counterterrorism
operation it was special forces at first
then it called in
reinforcements
the IDF says it was targeting Islamic
Jihad facilities it says it seized
explosives weapons and ammunition
arrested 20 people and killed
12 those are numbers that can't be
confirmed but it's clear civilians got
caught up in what
happened they say they're targeting
terrorists this woman says but we were
just two women and three
children now between clashes with the
Israeli military and faceoffs with
settlers in the first 9 months of this
year according to the UN about 200
Palestinians were killed well things
have gotten
worse in just the last month and a half
176 West Bank Palestinians have been
killed including 43
children continued widespread impunity
for the un's commissioner for human
rights said Friday Israel as the
occupying force in the West Bank has to
do more to protect Palestinians from
violence there's also been a sharp
increase he says in Settlers taking over
land in the West
Bank since 7 October nearly 1,000
Palestinians from at least 15 hering
communities have been forced from their
home the alaro refugee camp had its own
violence this week two young men were
killed according to a local politician
shot by IDF soldiers during a March in
solidarity with God
the Camp's mayor says the men posed no
threat to the soldiers but that that
didn't matter he says this is the most
dangerous time he remembers it is also
the most painful the majority in this
region has family in Gaza some we met
told us they've lost dozens of family
members in Israel's Invasion they've
been watching the images on television
and getting messages from loved ones in
in the middle of
it the mayor says it seems
indiscriminate and that the
International Community doesn't care the
fear now is that it also feels as though
things will continue to get worse before
they get better mikee Armstrong global
news Al arub refugee camp the West Bank