Israel's military apparently pulled this
intercepted Iranian ballistic missile
out of the Dead Sea putting it on show
to demonstrate how much damage it could
have done we cannot stand still from
this kind of aggression Iran says it was
Israel that actually fired first by
killing two of its Generals in a Syrian
diplomatic consulate on April the first
and its foreign Ministry continues to
warn if Israel retaliates Iran's
response will be immediate and
severe but before Saturday night Iran
had never directly hit Israel and
Israel's leaders are now trying to build
a case simply letting it go to
deescalate as many countries including
the United States are urging is not an
option on a visit with new military
recruits prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu tried to connect Iran's attack
to Israel's now six-month-long war
against Hamas in Gaza
Iran stands behind Hamas behind
Hezbollah he said it's part of a much
bigger
system this former Israeli Diplomat says
Netanyahu will do whatever is most
likely to keep him in power he will be
trounced in any election which is why
he's trying to prolong the war in Gaza
which which is why he's trying to
maintain a war atmosphere via Iran for
the moment Iran has shifted the focus
off Gaza and the immense criticism
Israel has faced for the destruction and
suffering it's inflicted but Alan Pinkus
doubts Israel can avoid Gaza for long if
Iran goes away he gets the accolades for
for exercising your stength but then
attention goes back to Gaza he loses if
he attacks Iran he loses he's in a no
one
situation in Tel Aviv people were
anxious but many also supported a
reprisal against Iran a targeted strike
click that was the best move and a
continued Target strike is the continued
best move I believe that if we do
violence it will drag more violence and
I don't believe that we should continue
doing so several European foreign
ministers are reportedly on their way to
Israel to make the case in person that
the country should consider the broader
strategic issues Chris Brown CBC News
Jerusalem