in a mix of Cheers jeers and whistles
Hamas released 12 more of its hostages
on Tuesday 10 israelies and two ties the
crowd shouted God is
great and as the hostages were driven
into Israel cheering girls shouted we
are waiting for
you and cheers and honking horns erupted
in the occupied West Bank where 30 more
Palestinians were released from Israeli
detention the youngest Palestinian
prisoner so far a 14-year-old boy was
released to a joyous reunion with his
family and talks are ongoing in Cutter
for a longer term pause in the fighting
that reportedly would include the
eventual release of all Israeli hostages
and the release of more Palestinian
inmates the heads of Israel's and
America's spy agencies are taking part
in those talks a former CIA officer
tells trt that a longer term pause
benefits Hamas more and adds increasing
pressure on Israel not to resume a
fullscale Invasion I think that uh
director Burns's presence as well as the
repeated visits by Secretary of State
blinkin the visit by President Biden
continued us diplomacy has sought to
make a wider War less likely there is
still ongoing trouble in the north of
occupied West Bank where clashes
continue between the Israeli Army and
Palestinians but for now there is a
clamoring to keep the releases coming on
both sides in Tel Aviv a rally to
release all the hostages including a
10-month-old
baby when you look at kir which is a
10-month old baby you need to ask
yourself is this an enemy of
theas is this someone that needs to be
held C
he's so young he's so small and a
Palestinian mother thrilled about the
release of her
son put him in my eyes because he's part
of my soul it's an Indescribable feeling
to learn he will be free I wish all the
mothers of the prisoners will experience
this feeling the US is now warning
Israel to better protect Palestinians
living in southern Gaza if it does does
restart its military assault but a lot
more people hoping now that a restart
doesn't happen Andy rosan trt
world