the foreign minister Penny Wong
certainly created some waves this week
when she said out in a speech that she
believed the way out of the Israel
Palestine conflict that has arisen from
the October 7 terrorist attacks on
Israel was a two-state
solution the simple truth is that a
secure and prosperous future for both
Israelis and Palestinians will only come
with a two-state
solution recognition of each other's
right to
exist a Palestinian State a alongside
the state of Israel from the Australian
government's point of view it genuinely
believes it's echoing the views of the
British American and European
governments with its language the
government views it as important that
this conflict end to stop a broader more
damaging Conflict for the world from
opening up and we've started to see that
this morning potentially with Iran and
according to senior government sources
talking about this two State solution
and specifically saying it must exclude
Hamas is about smoothing the way for
Hamas to be excluded from a peaceful
solution but from opposition leader
Peter dutton's perspective Penny Wong's
speech and Anthony albanese's words are
a political Ploy with Pauling showing
labor losing some support amongst Muslim
voters in Australia over its backing of
Israel but then Mr Dutton linked what he
saw as a lack of leadership over the
reaction in Australia to the conflict to
John Howard's leadership during the Port
Arthur Massacre and that this was
criticized by Bridget Archer his liberal
Empire and
others yes did I think that John Howard
stood up in '96 when he needed to in our
country's interest absolutely and did
Anthony alanes stand up and show the
strength that John Howard demonstrated
and Chang the course of our country's
history no he didn't he was weak he's
been trying to walk both sides of the
street when it comes to this issue he's
trying to tell people in Western Sydney
one story and people in DOA Heights a
completely different story and
Australians are seeing through it