I don't know if even now as we speak
they rape my sister I don't have any
information
on October 7th and in 6 6:30 in the
morning we woke up to the sound of
alarm uh
bombs gun shoot everywhere we get
message from the kibuts about an Hamas
terrorist Waring IDF uniforms try to
enter our home try to murder us to
kidnap us
and we spoke with my little sister and
she said that she's very afraid she hear
the terrorist
outside getting crazy running shouting
gar shooting
everywhere
in 10 in the morning she spoke with her
mother say how much she's afraid she was
crying she was terrified that she he the
terrorist come in and with a
very courage she sent a me a voice
message to her friend and they she said
they caught me they caught me they
caught me and we are a big shout in the
background
I saw the video of the release the they
took the hostages who set free by hands
and just see them touching the hostages
the thinking of those end touching my
little
sister it's Mak me nauseous because it's
a terrorist I don't have any proof of my
sister I don't know if she's alive I
don't know if she's got
H uh the woman who set free and come
back didn't see my sister but they do
say that we must do everything to
release them because we hear evidence of
a brutal sexual attack I don't of raping
women I don't know if even now as we
speak they rape my sister I don't have
any
information
we here to make
pressure on the European
Nation to do whatever they can to put
pressure on Qatar because we know that
Qatar is in the European nation from one
end Qatar found Hamas and from the other
end Qatar want to be a part took a part
on the
European
society and they bought a football CAD
foot football group and you cannot do it
you have to choose a side and also you
have to realize that if I as a woman and
as a Jew woman have to put to take off
all Jewish symbol if it's not safe for
me to walk as a woman in the
street of Paris of brel so you have to
do more because now it's happened in our
kib now it's happened in Israel but
tomorrow the the Isis terrorists can go
into your home and they rape your woman
and they burn burn your house and they
murder
you