the United Nations Human Rights Council
is demanding a halt to all armed sales
to Israel highlighting warnings of
genocide in its war in Gaza the call is
part of a string of resolutions
considered on the last day of its spring
session the council is also demanding
that Israel be held accountable for
possible war crimes and crimes against
humanity in the Gaza Strip the
resolution on arms sales passed to 28 of
the council's 47 member states voting in
favor while 13 abstained and six opposed
it marks the first time the un's top
rights body has taken a position on this
war and aan G reports live from Brussels
isan what is the potential impact of
this resolution on the ongoing war in
Gaza well the first thing we have to
consider here is that this is a legally
nonbinding resolution so it does not
have the power to compel Israel to do
anything but what it does have the power
to do is to Kickstart a conversation
about how countries uh what countries
can do in terms of pressuring Israel or
or uh having their opinion uh uh counted
in terms of their position uh on uh the
uh issue of Palestinian territories uh
what we when we look at this resolution
couple of things stand out first of all
this resolution makes it clear clear it
says that any condemnation of Israel
should not be taken as anti-Semitism it
also calls on countries to sub stop
sending weapons to Israel but also ask
uh countries to stop sending dual use
items which can include anything from
chips to transistors and transmitters
anything that can both have a civilian
use as well as a military use so this
resolution is quite Broad in that sense
but when we look at the voting we see
that two major uh uh two major economies
of the world the USA and Germany have
voted against against this resolution
even though the resolution has passed so
while it may not compel Israel to do
anything from a legal stand point of
view it can certainly kickart a
conversation and hopefully uh according
to uh the folks who have brought this
resolution uh push Israel to take some
steps in the Palestinian territories