with the Israel Hamas War well into its
third month top intelligence officials
have resumed talks of a hostage swap
with qatar's prime minister on Monday
CIA director resumed a fresh round of
talks with the mosad chief David Baria
and Kat's prime minister in the Polish
Capital the meeting focused on bringing
Israel and Hamas back on the table for
striking a hostage and prisoner swap
deal while efforts to resume talks are
on a top Hamas leader has once again
emphasized that while the group is open
to talks no hostage will be released
until Israel stops bombing
Gaza
[Music]
in the backdrop of Hostage negotiations
Hamas released a video of three elderly
Israeli hostages were seen pleading for
their release meanwhile Israel's primary
Ally us continues to push its military
presence in the region us def secretary
Lloyd Austin was seen visiting the US
Navy's headquarters in West Asia the
visit comes on the hills of Lloyd Austin
announcing a multinational Naval task
force to curb attacks in the Red Sea but
in the midst of all the Diplomatic
action the Battle Ground in Gaza remains
volatile as Israel continues to blanket
bomb the strip the latest operations
Israeli air strikes have targeted
residential buildings in Rafa the
attacks have killed 20 more Palestinians
far raising the death T to beyond
19,500 the escalating attacks by Israeli
forces have triggered a wave of concern
globally as the humanitarian crisis in
Gaza continues to worsen by the day
Global organizations like the World
Health Organization and wild food
program have time and again raised an
alarm over the homelessness and hunger
induced by large- scale Devastation in
Gaza I'm furious that those with power
shrug as the humanitarian nightmares
Unleashed on a million children I'm
furious that children who are recovering
from amputations in hospitals are then
killed in those
hospitals
toia continues to extend support to Gaza
as it brings in 102 more critically
illed and wounded patients from the war
torn Enclave toia has been treating
terminally ill cancer patients from Gaza
and consistently flies in critical cases
ever since the health infrastructure in
Gaza collapsed under Israeli
strikes weon is now available in country
download the app now and get all the
news on the
move