the United States and Britain have
launched a new round of air strikes
targeting Yemen's houthi Rebels these
strikes targeted underground missile
Depot as well as launch sites for both
missiles and drones that the British and
the Americans say were going to be used
to Target shipping in the Red Sea in the
Gulf of Aiden now uh British prime
minister Richie sunak had said that
there was an initial sign that the
houthis were going to launch these
attacks these attacks that continue to
disrupt shipping in that vital Corridor
that sees cargo and energy shipments
move from Asia and the Middle East
onward to Europe we haven't heard yet
from the houthis just how bad they
suffered in these attacks overall we've
seen eight rounds of individual air
strikes most led by the United States on
their own and all of this comes as the
houthis say these attacks are trying to
get Israel to stop their ongoing war
against Hamas and the Gaza Strip that
war has seen some 25,000 Palestinians
killed since October now overall the
houthis say they're going to continue
these attacks they say that the
Americans and the British are now their
targets as these attacks go on and it
remains unclear when exactly the
Americans and the British or what
exactly they're going to do if the
houthis continue these attacks there's
sort of a desire not to escalate this
further there's concerns that if these
attacks continue that it could see the
Israel Hamas War grow into a regional
conflict but so far the houthis haven't
stopped their attacks the Americans
haven't stopped their air strikes and
Israel's war on Kamas and the Gaza Strip
continues with no immediate end in
[Music]
sight