I wrote to the security Council invoking
article 99 because we are at a Breaking
Point there is a high risk of the total
collapse of the humanitarian support
system in Gaza which would have
devastating consequences we have already
seen the spillover in the occupied West
Bank Lebanon Syria Iraq and Yemen the
threat to the Safety and Security of
United Nations Staffing AA is
unprecedented more than 130 of my
colleagues have already been killed many
with their
families this is the largest single loss
of life in the history of our
organization some of our staff take
their children to work so they know they
will live or die together I cannot
emphasize strongly enough that the is
totally committed to stay and deliver
for the people of Gaza I deeply regret
to inform the council that under current
conditions on the ground the Fulfillment
of this mandate has become
impossible the conditions for the
effective delivery of humanitarian Aid
no longer exist some 85% of the
population have been forced from their
homes the people of Gaza are being told
to move like human pinballs ricochetting
between ever smaller slavers of the
South without any of the basics for
survival but nowhere in Gaza is safe all
of the people of the north and more than
one third of displaced people in the
South are simply starving we are all
aware that Israel began its military
operations in response to the brutal
Terror attacks Unleashed by Hamas and
other Palestinian armed groups on 7
October
I unreservedly condemn those attacks and
I'm appalled by the reports of sexual
violence at the same time the brutality
perpetrated by amas can never justify
the collective punishment of the
Palestinian
people and while indiscriminate rocket
Fire by amas into Israel and the use of
civilians as human Shields are in
contravention with the laws of war such
conduct does not absolve Israel on its
own
violations International humanitarian
law includes the duty to protect
civilians and to comply with the
principles of Distinction
proportionality and precaution the
people of Gaza are looking into the
abys the International Community must do
everything possible to end their
ordeal I urge the council to spare no
effort to push for an immediate
humanitarian SE fire for the protection
of civilians and for the Urgent delivery
of life-saving aid