China and Russia seem to be finding
common cause with countries across the
Middle East supporting the Palestinian
cause uh from where how you see it how
do you see this conflict potentially
widening it's not World War I uh so I
mean first of all of course it's a huge
distraction for the United States this
is the second major foreign policy
crisis of the Biden Administration by
the way in both cases uh sort of pinning
the United States and B
closely to a leader that he does not
privately like or trust zalinski and
nanyu and that makes it harder of course
to uh to to drive successful long-term
foreign policy response um it's not
World War II the Russians and the
Chinese are not going to get involved
directly in this War uh but the idea
that it stays contained to Gaza is hard
to imagine we've already seen uh drone
strikes um against us um military bases
um and equipment uh in the region uh we
have seen um some skirmishing across the
northern border in Israel with hesah
some rocket strikes some small
incursions that could of course get
bigger we've seen dozens of uh
Palestinians killed in the West Bank the
Israeli settlers have not yet invol been
involved in that violence but that could
easily spread out I mean you are going
to have outrage certainly at a minimum
on the part of Palestinian populations r
large which means not just the West Bank
but where there are lots of refugees in
uh Jordan um and in Syria uh and in
Lebanon and that will destabilize those
countries and could lead to an expansion
of the violence it is also quite
possible that Hezbollah which is much
more militarily capable and directly
supported by Iran could get involved
directly in the fighting the Americans
have warned them not to do that uh Biden
has sent two aircraft strike carrier
groups to the Eastern Mediterranean to
back that uh that that call up with
Force but that doesn't mean it won't
happen uh and so this is a this a very
very dangerous time and it is very clear
to me that this war is about to get
worse