[Music]
Tyus was satellite early to offer cover
to protesters venturing close to the
Gaza Israel border Palestinian families
came to show their defiance this mother
and her fellow demonstrators are
demanding to be allowed to return to
their properties lost when Israel became
a state 70 years ago
it's enough there is a feeling inside us
compelling us to come here it's our
right to come and we demand our rights
we come and ask for them people say
don't come to the camp but I say if we
don't come here who is going to ask for
our rights on Fridays prayers are well
attended the demonstration and Israeli
retaliation happens afterwards it's not
long before medics in Abu Sofia Camp in
the north of the Gaza Strip receive
their first patient he's inhaled too
much tear gas at Malacca camp near Gaza
City the majority of protesters stay
well away from Israel's border fence but
gangs of young men bring tires to burn
so tires are being thrown into these
fires to create this black smoke which
they hope will make it harder for
Israeli soldiers and snipers to fire
back from the Israeli side across into
Gaza the protests have gone on for two
weeks for more weeks of demonstrations
are planned their aim is to remind
Palestinians of all ages what's been
lost
the main reason I come is to try to
return to my village Katra it is only 50
kilometers from here just half an hour
in the car I have learned there and we
are now heading towards it and the
border friends and we are not going back
every day we are here
Adri Palestinians are frustrated with
their leaders in Gaza as well as the
occupied territories they've set up
protest camps independently of the Fatah
and Hamas parties my upon bishops Allah
said what the Philistine population is
doing is something greater than the
level of division between Fatah and
Hamas what the Palestine people are
doing is over and beyond the political
stance of the Palestine Authority
many protesters came to stand in silence
others take part in the daily game of
burning tires dodging tear gas and the
occasional shooting despite the danger
many young men still dare to strip
Israeli fencing and barbed wire from the
border to drag back into Gaza as a
trophy Yolo up David TRT world at the
Gaza Israeli border
[Music]