in English and then we good afternoon
I'm here with you today along with uh my
colleague and friend Mr Miller dear Mark
um as of now I can confirm that India
has formly conveyed its plan to unly
remove diplomatic immunities for all but
21 Canadian diplomats and dependents in
Delhi by tomorrow October
20th this means 41 Canadian diplomats
and their 40 two dependents were in
danger of having immunity stripped on an
arbitary date and this would put their
personal safety at
risk the safety of Canadians and of our
diplomats is always my top concern given
the implications of India's actions on
the safety of our diplomats we have
facilitated their safe departure from
India this means that our diplomats and
their families have now left
diplomatic immunities keep diplomats
safe no matter where they're from and
where they're sent to immunities allow
diplomats to do their work without fear
of reprisal or arrest from the country
they're
in they are a fundamental fundamental
principle of diplomacy and this is a
two-way street the only work they only
work if every country abides by the
rules a unilateral revocation of
diplomatic privileg and immunities is
contrary to international law it is a
clear violation of the Vienna convention
on diplomatic
relations and threatening to do so is
unreasonable and
escalatory if we allow the norm of
diplomatic immunity to be broken no
diplomats anywhere on the planet would
be safe so for this reason we will not
recip
Canadians watching may be wondering what
this means for our operations in India
there's no question that India's
decision will impact levels of services
to citizens in both
countries unfortunately we have to put a
pause on all in-person services in our
continents and chandigar in Mumbai and
in
Bangalore and I will let my colleague
speak uh for what that means for
immigration services but also for
conselor services Canadians who need
counselor assistance can still visit our
high Commission in Delhi and you can
still also do that in person reached by
phone and by
email let me be clear Canada will
continue to defend international law
which applies to all
nations and will continue to engage with
India now more than ever we need
diplomats on the ground and we need to
talk to one another