the limp lifeless legs of a child tell
the story that this like most desperate
attempts to dig through the rubble in
Gaza does not have a happy
ending residents here in Rafa thought
the South was off limits part of
Israel's designated safe area on Monday
they awoke to bombardment from Israeli
war planes and artillery Israel's
military now says people are in the line
of fire wherever they are in Gaza we're
pursuing Hamas wherever Hamas is hiding
in the north and in the
South every rocket launcher weapons
Depot command and Control Center Senior
Commander underground infrastructure and
any Hideout where our hostages may be
held ambulances took the wounded
including children to hospital after
strikes overnight on Sunday in KH unun
also in gaza's South unable to leave
those who Escape being hit in the
strikes themselves fac decreasing
chances of
survival so many lives are being lost
because we lack medical resources and
because the wounded can't leave Gaza
those who have been allowed out make up
less than 1% of those who need outside
help so the health situation is
catastrophic the World Health
Organization on Monday said it will hold
an extraordinary session to discuss the
healthcare conditions in the occupied
Palestinian territory that came as the
president of the International Red Cross
said she had arrived in Gaza
describing the situation on social media
as
intolerable for those lucky enough to
have survived the onslaught life remains
fragile this man already displaced from
northern Gaza said he was headed to the
border with Egypt I could be the first
out he said or just take us to the grave
and be done with
it the United Nations relief and works
Agency for Palestinian refugees said on
Monday almost 1.9 million Palestinians
have been displaced since October 7th
that's 80% of gaza's population with
Israel now warning Nowhere In The
Enclave is off limits the deaths and
displacement of Palestinians only look
set to grow Jo Flyn TT
world