the kasum brigades which is hamas's
armed Wing now claims that more than 60
hostages have been killed in Israel's
Relentless bombing of the Gaza Strip
since the 7th of October the Brigade
spokesperson added that 23 bodies of
hostages are still missing and are
trapped under the rubble we cannot
independently verify hamas's claims but
the announcement is Big when Hamas
militants broke into Israel on the 7th
of October they took more than 240
hostages to Gaza apart from killing
1,400 people in Israel hostages include
both Israeli and foreign citizens so far
four of them have been released by Hamas
one was rescued by the Israel forces but
the whereabouts of the rest still
unknown International efforts led by
Qatar aimed at securing the release of
more hostages continues but the progress
so far has been insufficient this at a
time when more than a month has passed
since they were first held captive time
and again Hamas has been ass has assured
that the hostages are still alive and
are well looked after But as time passes
the concerns around their well-being is
growing Hamas wants Israel to stop bomb
Targets in Gaza as a precondition to
release hostages Israel is demanding
Hamas to release hostages first and then
talk now it is in this backdrop that
Hamas announced the death of 60 hostages
that is around one quarter of the total
number now Israeli troops are on the
ground inside Gaza but they have so far
not been able to locate the hostages
it's possible that the hostages were
spread out all over the narrow strip
crisscrossed by underground tunnels
which is the Gaza Metro now it is
possible that the hostages have been
hidden in these tunnels in the latest
Israeli Prime Minister bamin Netanyahu
said he would consider
tactical little pauses in Gaza fighting
to let hostages leave or Aid
[Music]
enter