Ellie her father crying as his child is
laid to rest comforted by relatives
around him his son and daughter-in-law
are buried in the city of bayshamesh
both are victims of Friday's attack in
East Jerusalem the deadliest such
assault on Israelis in over a decade
a text that led to prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu vowing a quick
response
our response will be strong Swift and
precise whoever tries to harm us we will
harm them and everyone who assists them
Netanyahu also announced an expediation
process for the licensing of weapons for
civilians calling it a necessary step in
the fight against terrorism
70 kilometers away in Tel Aviv thousands
took to the streets for the fourth week
in a row protesting against the
government's judicial reform plans that
would give politicians more control over
the Supreme Courts for many of those
protesting of violent Israeli response
to the latest attacks is not the answer
the attacks were suffering from a result
of the occupation we need to put an end
to it we need to stop the occupation and
build a much better democracy here we
have the capabilities to do it it's a
shame we haven't done it before maybe
this time it'll work I think that
especially because of the attacks we
need to come here today stand together
and show that violence is not the
solution that dictatorship isn't the
solution
on the Palestinian side there has been
no condemnation of the attacks a
spokesman for the ruling Hamas militant
group called them a natural response to
the Israeli raid on Thursday which
killed nine Palestinians the office of
Mahmoud Abbas president of the
Palestinian Authority insisted that
Israel was fully responsible for the
dangerous escalation