[Music]
for Palestinians have run is no longer
the commercial and industrial hub it
once was Jewish settlers have gradually
moved in over the years and now 800 more
will have houses here among around
200,000 Palestinians it follows a
decision by Israeli Prime Minister
Binyamin Netanyahu to have 30 new units
built for settlers in Hebron old city
this will also include the establishment
of a settler municipality
we see that all violations that take
place in Hebron as well as all the
Palestinian territories are a breach of
international law an international
humanitarian law in addition to a lack
of responsibility to the occupations
commitments in the occupied territories
this is an attempt to divide the
Palestinian territories and control them
to keep an independent Palestinian state
from happening
analysts believe this decision is in
direct response to the UNESCO resolution
which said the city has no ties to
either Jews or Israel
ever since UNESCO announced its decision
about Hebron being a world heritage site
in Palestine there has been increasing
demands by the Israeli right and the
settlers to intensify settlement
activities in its his rayul believes
that the current settlement construction
in the city is a response to that
decision in order to give the city
Jewish ties and giving themselves a
right to the city and with each
settlement comes more Israeli military
checkpoints Palestinians in Hebron say
it interrupts their daily lives and
believe the new municipality will be as
restricting as the one set up in
Jerusalem Hebron has been the site of
many confrontations between Palestinians
and Israeli security forces as well as
Jewish settlers now the new housing
project is set to increase settlers in
the city by 20% and Palestinians are
worried that it will only add to the
problems and do no more than to tighten
Israel's grip on Hebron Mohammad hemay l
trt world from allah in the occupied
West Bank
[Music]