now five hisbah Fighters were killed in
clashes along the Lebanon Israel border
as tensions between Israel and hisbah
escalate as well Hezbollah has announced
the death of 10 militants and there is a
war this is the second front of that war
now the death of 10 militants of course
and this is since the skirmishes began
Israeli military Chief of Staff has
already threatened that Israel would
retaliate aggressively should Hezbollah
try to open a second front even as
Israel is engaging Hamas in the south
Israel has warned that if Hezbollah
makes a mistake it will be annihilated
the fears of escalation come amid
concerns that the war could spread into
Lebanon where the iran-backed Hezbollah
group has expressed strong support to
Hamas militants who control the Gaza
Strip Israel considers lebanon's
Hezbollah an even bigger threat than
Hamas so far artillery exchanges between
Hezbollah and Israel have been limited
to several towns along the border Israel
has threatened that if hisbah opens a
new front all of Lebanon will suffer the
consequences Israel and Hezbollah fought
a month-long War back in 2006 that ended
in a draw since then hea's military
caliber has significantly grown in the
wake of the latest war in the region the
International Community has scrambled to
keep the conflict from from spilling in
over into Lebanon and possibly the rest
of the
region
the events of the past 11 days have
served to reignite Grievances and
reanimate alliances across the
region based on my meetings and the uh
Dynamics I observe on the ground I would
say the following the risk of an
expansion of this conflict is real very
very real and extremely
[Music]
dangerous