with Israel's military operations in
Gaza well into the fourth month prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu is facing
the heat on several fronts domestically
the Israeli leader faces mounting
pressure from families of hostages and
anti-war activists thousands gathered on
Saturday to protest against the
Netanyahu government calling for fresh
elections
the government that abandoned us on
October 7th continues to abandon us
every day since those evacuated from the
northern and southern borders the
families of the victims the reservists
the hostages the power is in our hands
to change and repair this government
needs to go home
now circumstances appear to be
unfavorable for Netanyahu within the
government to Guardian e in court a key
leader in netanyahu's war cabinet has
also hinted at Fresh elections while
accusing the prime minister of lying
about military goals in Gaza the latest
comments come meet netanyahu's power
tussle with defense minister yav Galant
tensions between the two leaders are
believed to have reached a Tipping Point
according to an Israel website
Walla Gallant reportedly attempted to
storm into netanyahu's office the
defense minister was allegedly hard
warning the Prime Minister and quote
that next time he will come with the
gani Brigade a celebrated infantry unit
of the Israel army this will not be the
first time Israel's most important
leaders are involved in a face face off
earlier reports have also revealed of a
growing Tiff between Netanyahu and
galland especially since the War Began
in October last year globally too
Netanyahu has been cornered by mounting
concerns from Wild leaders over his
stuns on Palestinian statehood UK's
defense minister Gran shars expressed
disappointment over netanyahu's
opposition to a Palestinian State
however shars also say that the Israeli
Prime Minister's stance is not a
surprise since the leader has been
against a two-state solution his entire
political career the comments follow
remarks from the White House also
voicing concerns of a difference of
opinion between us and Israel of a
Palestinian
statehood weon is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the
move