that day of October 7th started with
intense rocket fire from the Gaza Strip
into Southern Israel simultaneously
Hamas Fighters infiltrated Israeli
territory we announced the start of
Alexa flood
operation Hamas attacked border military
bases Israeli Villages and the Nova
Music Festival killing almost 12200
people and taking some 240 people people
hostage the operation had been prepared
for months Israeli Security Forces
failed to prevent
it I have ordered an extensive
mobilization of reserves and that we
return fire of a magnitude that the
enemy has not known the enemy will pay
an unprecedented
price stated goals destroying Hamas and
freeing the hostages in the beginning
Israel had support among it allies but
many experts said its goals were
unrealistic Israel imposed a full
blockade and six days after hamas's
attack it called on residents in the
northern part of Gaza to go south before
Mass bombing and a ground incursion
which started on October
27th this arrogant gang should know that
they are drowning in the SS of Gaza and
this will cost them a lot on November
15th came the first attack on gaza's
shifa Hospital which Israel said was
being used by Hamas as headquarters and
toind
weapons thousands of Palestinians had
already died in the war with shifa the
fighting spread to a hospital filled
with
patients on November 24th the first
week-long truce led to a swap 105
Israeli hostages were freed as were 240
Palestinian prisoners
humanitarian Aid was allowed in but NOS
on the ground alerted this wasn't enough
for the 2.3 million people in Gaza most
of them displaced in December Israel
expanded its ground offensive to hunis
the lack of food and medication LED
countries and NOS to deliver Aid in any
possible way tonight I'm directing the
US military to lead an emergency mission
to establish a temporary per in the
Mediterranean on the coast of Gaza
failing to meet its targets Israel
designated Rafa the southern Border City
as the final stage of its ground
offensive prompting fears of even more
Devastation in six months of War more
than 33,000 gazin have been killed
according to Hamas world powers press
for a ceasefire a resolution is voted at
the security Council after a US
extension within Israel anti-government
protests grow to reach a deal that will
get the rest of the hostages back
home