the Lebanese Village of el marks its
first Easter Since the Gaza War erupted
as many Southern Lebanese Christians say
a confrontation between hisbah and
Israel risks dragging them into a
conflict they did not choose residents
of Christian villages in the South fear
their homes could be caught in the
crossfire and their families forced to
flee some 990,000 people have been
displaced from Southern Lebanon which is
predominantly Shiite Muslim since the
conflict broke out in October resident
the situation here is very poor we are
marking Good Friday today we are all
praying for the situation in the south
for the war for our God to see his
people and peace Prevail because every
day we go to sleep to one story and wake
up to
another Hezbollah began launching
Rockets from South Lebanese hilltops and
Villages at Israel on October 8th in
support of its Palestinian Ally Hamas
the day after the latter's crossb attack
into Israel which triggered the Gaza War
the mayor in the village of rames right
by the Israeli border told roters a
resident confronted a group of armed men
trying to launch rockets at Israel from
within the village a few days ago
villagers rang church bells to sound the
alarm and the men moved off raes wants
to stay neutral he said Iran back buah
denied its Fighters had tried to launch
rockets from rames Joseph salame a local
official in the nearby town of CA says
fighting is making lebanon's failing
economy even worse for local Christians
who fear an
exodus thank God inside the town nothing
has happened but the areas around us
were really affected there have been
strikes 500 600 met away our harvests
have been ruined and were completely
destroyed lebanon's top Christian
clerics have been sounding the alarm in
weekly sermons many have long accused
Hezbollah of undermining the state by
possessing a controversial Arsenal that
outguns the national Army and
monopolizing decisions of War and Peace
local priest pierrei says we don't ask
for anything other than the
establishment of the state which is the
one that should take decisions of War
and Peace without cry mounting even hisb
Blah's main Christian Ally the free
patriotic movement has ramped up
criticism saying its nearly two decade
alliance with hisbah has been shaken