[Applause]
in Michigan the message to President Joe
Biden has been delivered it's actually
not that complicated just stop killing
our families President Biden you can do
it tens of thousands of Arab and Muslim
Americans voted for uncommitted in the
state's Democratic presidential primary
a protest vote against President Biden's
support of the war in Gaza from a
community that overwhelmingly voted for
him last time in the majority Arab
American city of Dearborn voter after
voter told us which box they checked did
you votee uncommitted yeah uh
uncommitted R is uncommitted why you won
the no
president because of what because of the
war you've been telling me the war
because of the war to end they want to
stop the war there was little doubt that
Donald Trump would win the Republican
primary in Michigan or that Biden would
come in first in the Democratic campaign
and they had their supporters I voted
for Donald J Trump Biden all the way the
surprise of the night was the tens of
thousands of Democrats who cast a vote
of no confidence in the man most
supported four years ago Biden has
clearly been listening saying he hopes
for a ceasefire by next week Dearborn
mayor Abdullah hammud was not impressed
you know you simply can't look past the
genocide where there's been The Killing
uh uh of over there's been over 100,000
now who have been killed wounded or who
are missing um so you can't literally
just write off a genocide uncommitted
voters haven't come close to feeding Joe
Biden in the Michigan primary but they
don't have to he won by just
150,000 votes here in 2020 and four
years earlier Donald Trump won this date
by just 10,000 votes and the uncommitted
campaign believes it has the votes to
deny Biden a key swing state that he is
counting on to win in
November as Biden edges ever closer to
amassing the delegates to win his
party's nomination the uncommitted vote
marks a warning sign to a president many
of these voters helped put into office
John hendin Al jazer Dearborn
Michigan make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer