the Israeli military says Gaza City has
been fully surrounded and that the Gaza
Strip has been split until Israeli Prime
Minister Benin nanau says Israel still
refuses to implement a ceasefire until
all the hostages are returned are e
deser to
off the Israel Defense Forces said
Sunday that it had fully surrounded Gaza
City and split Gaza into two according
to IDF spokesperson and rear Admiral
Daniel hagari the Gaza Strip is now
split into North Gaza and South Gaza
adding that there are now widespread
strikes on terror infrastructure below
ground and above it hagari called the
encirclement of Gaza City a significant
stage in the war between Israeli forces
and Hamas militants as it's now able to
pinpoint operations deeper within Gaza
despite international calls for a
humanitarian ceasefire Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu reiterated
on Sunday that there will be no
ceasefire until all hostages are
returned first I want you to know that
there's one thing that we won't do there
won't be a ceasefire without the return
of our hostages take it completely out
of the Lexicon we say it to our enemies
and to our friends and we'll simply
carry on until we win we don't have an
alternative meanwhile Iran warned Sunday
that the US will be hit hard if there is
no ceasefire according to the Iranian
defense minister Tran's message to the
Americans was to immediately stop the
war in Gaza and Implement a ceasefire
without further elaborating on the
repercussions Iran considers the US to
be militarily involved in the armed
conflict the White House on the other
hand says hostage negotiations are
taking place and added that fighting may
be paused to ensure their safe movement
speaking to CBS on Sunday Deputy
National Security adviser Jonathan fer
said negotiations are taking place
quietly behind scenes and that
Washington believes there is an
opportunity to release a significant
number of hostages when asked if Israel
would agree to a ceasefire finer added
that the US will work hard to make it
happen eing J arid news