the
conduct of the
response in Gaza in the Gaza Strip has
been
um over the
[Music]
top
[Music]
initially president of Mexico CCE did
not want to open up the gate to allow
humanitarian
material to get in I talked to him I
convinced to open the gate I talked to
BB to open the gate on the Israeli side
I've been pushing really hard really
hard to get humanitarian assistance into
Gaza there are a lot of innocent people
who are starving a lot of innocent
people were in trouble and dying and
it's got to stop and I'm pushing very
hard now to deal with this hostage
ceasefire because I said you know I've
been working tirelessly in this deal
how can I say this without reping
it to lead to a sustained pause in the
fighting in the actions taking place in
in the Gaza
[Music]
Strip
[Music]
[Music]
la
blink today I told secretary of state
blinken that after defeating hamus we
will make sure that Gaza be
demilitarized for good the history
already proved that there is only one
force that can promise such a thing the
state of Israel through the IDF and our
security forces the meaning is that
Israel will be and will act in Gaza in
wherever and whenever needed in order to
make make sure that the terror won't
raise his
head we had an opportunity today to
discuss with the Israeli government the
response that Hamas sent last night to
the proposal that the United States
cutter in Egypt uh had put together uh
to bring the remaining officers home and
extend theen in pause uh what I can tell
you about these discussions is that
while there are some clear non-starters
in hos response uh we do think it
creates space for agreement to be
[Music]
[Music]
reached
[Music]
I'm especially alarmed by reports that
the Israeli military intends to focus
next on Rafa where hundreds of thousands
of Palestinians have been squeezed in a
desperate search for safety such an
action would exponentially increase what
is already a humanitarian nightmare with
Untold region
[Music]
consequences
[Music]
[Music]
like that head
up
comment
[Music]
[Music]
I
[Music]
l
[Music]
[Music]
J