now there are hectic diplomatic pay to
help secure ceasefire in Israel Hamas
War according to reports the director of
the US Central Intelligence Agency
William Burns will meet his counterparts
from Israel and Egypt he is also likely
to meet qatar's prime minister in the
coming days in Paris this in an effort
to broker a potential deal to secure the
release of captives being held in Gaza
and a pause in hostil
ities now President Joe Biden also spoke
with his Egyptian and qari counterparts
ahead of a trip by his CIA
director today President Biden spoke
with cutter Amir shik gani and Egyptian
president Ali and matter of fact that
second call President Ali just wrapped
up here a little bit ago uh to discuss
the latest developments in Israel and in
Gaza including uh our efforts to secure
the release of all the hostages taken by
Hamas and we'll have readouts of those
conversations soon I think you can
expect but just just give you a brief
update of of where things are we
continue to do everything we can to
facilitate another hostage deal just
like we did back in
November US National Security Council
spokesman John Kirby added that although
they are hopeful about the progress that
they do not expect imminent
developments
besides the halt in hostilities the
talks are also aimed at a Seas Spire in
the Gaza Strip following the planned
weekend talks Qatar Alini is expected to
be in Washington next week now he is
scheduled to speak at the Atlantic
Council according to reports Israel
offered Hamas a 2month pause in fighting
in Gaza in exchange for the release of
all hostages Israeli authorities say 132
hostages are still being held in the
Gaza Street 28 of whom are presumed dead
this plan however is at sharp odds with
hamas's last proposal raising a question
of whether the Gap could be bridged
Israel has consistently opposed a
permanent ceasefire a position backed by
Washington