well that comes as the fighting on the
ground in Gaza continues the southern
Gaza Strip came under intense Israeli
bombardment overnight that says tensions
are growing between Israel and its main
Ally the US on Tuesday Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu blasted a un
security ccil resolution calling for a
ceasefire that Israel's top Ally the US
chose not to block Israel called off a
high level meeting in Washington this
week after that but the Israeli defense
minister yov galon is there for talks
with his American counterpart our chief
foreign editor Rob Parson told us more
from
Jerusalem Galant is there see you can
get more weapons from the United States
so that it can carry on its war against
Hamas in Gaza obviously for him the
timing is not great given the fact uh
that Israel has been so critical uh of
the United States's exstension on that
resolution in the United Nations
security Council uh and given the
resistance of Israel to the United
States demands that it show more more
respect for uh the the civilian
population of Gaza and refrain from
attacking Rafa that's something that
Israel so far has refused to do indeed
prime minister Netanyahu has made it
absolutely clear that he has no
intention of not attacking Rafa that
that attack will go ahead at some
indeterminate point in the future in
order to to wipe out Hamas so you know
the the relationship is is C certainly
growing tenser I imagine that Galant and
his talks with Lloyd Austin the US
Secretary of Defense will get what he
wants this time because the Americans
are saying that they see no violation of
international humanitarian law uh by
Israel despite the fact that they've
been so critical of Israel on the
humanitarian issue uh and that should
allow the Americans to go ahead with
that but behind the scenes there's no
doubt that the United States is
increasingly irritated uh by the
behavior of Israel and the fact that it
abstained in the UN United Nations on uh
in the United Nations security Council
on that resolution is the biggest
indicator uh so far that its patience is
running out