innocence in Gaza saying they have
reached a ceasefire agreement no
confirmation from Israel as yet however
that's right because it's not actually
an agreement as such there are two signs
didn't two sides that didn't sign this
is an agreement brokered by Egypt to all
the different militant groups went there
yesterday went to Cairo and they've come
out with this announcement at 5:30 this
morning so Israel wasn't a party to it
although there may have been
understandings that Israel would do
something in return it's not official
and that was at 5:30 and since then
within 30 minutes from about six o'clock
there have been more rocket fire there
has been more rocket fire coming across
from the Gaza Strip into the south of
Israel that's not uncommon they call it
you know the last hurrah
the last volley they'd like to have the
last word it could nevertheless mean
that we are standing at the beginning of
a period of calm again now we do see
flare-ups like this every six months or
so in Gaza is there any sense at all
that there's a longer-term plan here for
Gaza it's very interesting that you
asked that because there's been a lot of
criticism on that point in the Israeli
media since 2007 when Hamas took over
the Gaza Strip every three years
sometimes less there's been a massive
flare-up of some kind starting in 2008
nine so exactly ten years ago which
means that the people in the south of
Israel have been living with rocket fire
continuous rocket fire 15 seconds to run
to the bomb shelters if you're their
government say all the Israeli critics
what's your plan this can't be how
people live not to mention the death and
destruction in in Gaza itself so there
is that criticism other people are
saying within Israel look at the moment
this is an Iranian fueled thing there's
Hezbollah in the north waiting there's
other problems Israel can take on Gaza
right now not because it couldn't defeat
it but because it has too many other
problems to deal with
so we will continue to see this while
ever there is a negotiation a real
negotiation between Israel and the
Palestinians and a leader that is
acceptable to all the parties speaking
for the Palestinians