good evening thank you for joining us
I'm yunin we begin in the Middle East we
intense fighting continuous for days
between Israel and Palestine Israel has
launched its offensive on Gaza in
retaliation for Saturday's surprised
attack by Hamas hundreds of lives have
been lost on both sides ponu has the
latest since Saturday's surprise attack
on Israel by the Palestinian milit group
Hamas there have been over 1,600 deaths
on both sides on Monday local time the
government press office of Israel
announced that more than 800 people have
died in the Hamas attacks with over
2,600 injured meanwhile Israeli air
strikes on the Gaza Strip according to
the Palestinian Health Ministry have led
to more than 600 deaths Hamas has also
taken about 15 people hostage and is
holding them in the Gaza Strip among the
casualties and hostages there are also
citizens of the United States the United
Kingdom France Germany and Ukraine among
others following hamas's attack on
Saturday the security cabinet of Israel
has declared a total blockade of the
Gaza Strip and announced a final
retaliation dear Israeli citizens we
started and I emphasize we have only
started to strike
Hamas Israel has announced the
mobilization of up to 300,000 Reserve
forces and US officials expect that
Israeli forces will begin a ground
operation in the Gaza Strip within 48
Hours Hamas has threatened to execute
civilian hostages in retaliation for
Israeli air strikes a Hamas spokesperson
stated that they will execute one
civilian hostage for each attack by
Israel on civilian homes in the Gaza
Strip without prior warning un Secretary
General Antonio gues strongly condemned
hamas's attacks on Israel while
expressing concern about Israel's total
blockade of the Gaza Strip currently the
South Korean government is close
monitoring the situation in Israel and
some of South Korea's long-term
residents and travelers in Israel
totaling around 930 people are expected
to return home on direct flights by
Korean Air on Wednesday Korean time ponu
arang news