November's Brazen seizure of the huge
Galaxy Leader by iran-backed hooti
rebels signaled a new level of Danger on
the treacherous Waters of East Africa
since then the yemen-based militants
have launched frequent rocket and drone
attacks on ships in the Red Sea vessels
they say are linked to Israel or heading
to Israel even though some of the ship
owners insist they have no Israeli
links us British and french navy ships
are patrolling shooting down drones even
chasing down suspected hijackers
probably a couple of months ago they
weren't alert to this threat I suspect
that the hoo's new capability was as
much a surprise to the military as it as
it was to us on Monday all giant BP
followed leading shipping companies like
Evergreen and MK suspending all sea
routes through through the area the Red
Sea leading to the sews Canal is the key
shipping route between Asia and Europe
carrying about a tenth of global trade
the alternate route involves ships
taking a long diversion all the way
around Africa speaking to one uh one of
our associate member associations today
they've got ships on the route from Asia
and they've got to make a decision in
the next couple of days about whether
they rot just like the blockage of the
sews Canal two years ago that will delay
some goods and could increase some
consumer prices these attacks are
Reckless dangerous and they violate
international law US Secretary of State
Lloyd Austin says he will speak with
regional counterparts and others on
Tuesday to set up a task force to make
the sea Lane safe that would be in
addition to current patrols under the 39
Nation combined Maritime forces the cmf
based in Bahrain includes Canada on some
missions Austin says he will announce
more details on the task force soon
Redmond Channon Global News London