all right let's cut across to breaking
news coming in details now emerging on
the talks that Netanyahu held with US
President Joe Biden Biden some of the
issues that were discussed included the
demand for release of captives by the
Hamas group the demand for humanitarian
organization Red Cross visits for the
captives and talks on whether Israel
should provide humanitarian Aid to the
Gaza STP strip so these were the three
issues that were essentially discussed
one being the demand uh for release of
captives cap captives by Hamas uh second
uh issue that was discussed was demand
for Red Cross visits for uh the hostages
held by the Hamas group and the third uh
Israel making it very clear that it will
not provide humanitarian Aid along the
Gaza Strip where uh military uh hideouts
of the Hamas group have been located
listening to that statement of also
that's coming from Netanyahu uh who's
provided details on the issues that were
discussed with President Biden during
his dayong visit to
Israel
all right let's uh just play out that
sound bite again uh and listen into what
Israel prime minister had to say on the
talks he had with President
Biden
wish council
members what is going on going on on
here I'm truly shocked I'm
horrified I truly don't understand what
is going on here the most barbaric and
WID scale terror attack in decades
bigger than 9911 was perpetrated 11 days
ago and it seems like this Council has
already
forgotten the pictures and footage from
the October 7th pogram are seared into
my brain in every israeli's brain
forever but it seems that I must
remind of
what all right just a quick recap of uh
the issues that were discussed
of the talks that Netanyahu held with
President Biden uh in the statement he's
issued he's categorically mentioned
three issues that were discussed one
demanding release of captives by Hamas
two demand Red Cross visit the
humanitarian organization Red Cross
visits four the captives held by Hamas
and third Israel making it clear to the
US that it will not be providing
humanitarian Aid along the Gaza Strip
where several of those hideouts of Hamas
group have been located uh once again
listening to that sound bite of
Netanyahu
for