October 7th changed a lot for West Asia
especially for Israel in Gaza the war in
Gaza is still continuing but across the
border people living in the then
attacked kibuts are still scared of
returning home our next report gets you
all the
[Music]
details 7th of October
2024 changed everything for another of
tavari him and his family were in their
homes near the Gaza border when Hamas
Unleashed a deadly and horrific attack
on innocent
Israelis over 1,200 people were killed
and many more wounded the battle between
IDF and Hamas and the kibuts lasted for
about 4 days but for the residents of
nalos returning home remains
uncertain
will will not be the same as as we
before the something will be changed
that's for sure what exactly how how big
will be the change we we don't
know yohen has now moved close to Tel
Aviv until it's safe enough to return to
nahal O kohen who is now 89 is one of
the Ci's first residents he feels the
Netanyahu government does not value its
people
I I feel that this government doesn't
respect our our sacrifices our our our
staying on on on the border for so many
years and and uh giving up our life
actually when Israel was formed in 1948
kibuts played an outsized role in taking
out Israel's
territory in 1953 a small group that
included yohen founded the kibuts nahal
O 70 years later the mission for kohen
and his fellow community members hasn't
changed we are as a
citizen maybe it's important to to
produce food for the for the country our
prote but protection in the in the
systems which are it's it is not our
that is not our challenge or our task
more important that will cultivate the
land because if we not cultivate the
land the Arabs will do
it many older people pledge to return
and a small number of residents have
gone back to some communities but the
future of the Israeli cooperatives
depends on younger families who
deliberate whether they can be safe at
home for all the latest news download
the weon app And subscribe to our
YouTube channel