Israel's prime minister condemned a
video that Hamas had released on Monday
that shows three female hostages seized
by the islamist movement on October 7th
in the video which is being watched on
this phone one of the hostages
criticizes Benjamin Netanyahu for
failing to protect Israeli citizens
during the deadly attack and failing to
get them back home she reportedly calls
for a deal to secure the release in
exchange for Palestinian prisoners is
Netanyahu in a statement condemned the
clip from Hamas as cruel propaganda
Israel's leader is coming under pressure
over his handling of the crisis dozens
of people attended a protest in Tel Aviv
to call for the hostages release Sheri
grossbart is a close friend of one of
the hostages yelen triono I not a
political person I'm not the one with
the answers but I do know this no other
country in the world would have 239 of
their people being kept hostage and not
do anything about it no politics just
bring them home now 24 days is way too
long for these people to be kept in
captivity according to Israeli
authorities at least
239 hostages were taken captive by Hamas
gunman during the October 7th attack
which killed at least 1,400 people the
presence of the hostages in Gaza has
complicated Israel forces ground
operation in The Enclave but Netanyahu
has rejected calls for a ceasefire Gaza
Health authorities Say More Than 8,300
People many of them children have been
killed in Israeli attacks since Hamas
assault the ground action actually
creates the possibility not the
certainty but the possibility of getting
our hostages out because Kamas will not
do it unless they're under pressure they
simply will not do it on Monday Israel
said said its forces had freed their
first hostage during its Gaza ground
offensive a female soldier who Hamas
captured in its October 7eventh raid
Israel's Security Agency released a
photo of the soldier Ori Meades
surrounded by family members after her
rescue in her hometown of kirat Gat
residents cheered after news of her
release since the October 7th attack
Hamas has released four hostages through
back Channel efforts coordinated by
Qatar