and two israeli ministers from the
left-wing merits party have met with the
palestinian authority president mahmoud
abbas in an effort to keep the two-state
solution alive now on sunday israeli
health minister nitin horowitz and
regional cooperation minister sabi frage
traveled to ramallah to meet with the
president now this is the second high
profile meeting in recent months with
defence minister beni yantz meeting with
the bus in august and our correspondent
jody cohen has sent us this report take
a look
regional cooperation minister isawi
fridge has been pushing for the
expansion of ties between israel and the
palestinian authority
during this latest meeting meretz said
that abbas thanked health minister
horowitz for his assistance during the
pandemic and despite giving israel an
ultimatum at his recent un general
assembly address to withdraw to the 1967
lines within a year or face
repercussions president abbas invited
more israeli ministers to visit him in
ramallah
among other things bennett cited the
pa's monthly payments to terrorists and
his colleague interior minister ayelet
shaked cited the fact that abbas has
denied the holocaust in which six
million jews were killed
the meeting between merits ministers and
abbas follows a meeting in early
september in which the leaders of egypt
jordan and the pa met in cairo to
discuss the two-state solution
this was followed by a meeting between
bennett and egyptian president abdel
fattah el-sisi
egypt has played a key mediation role
between israel and hamas over the years
and negotiated a ceasefire following the
conflict in may
on sunday a delegation of senior hamas
officials including hamas chief ismail
haniya arrived in cairo however hamas
has denied rumors that a long-term
ceasefire with israel and a prisoner
swap deal have been reached and while a
peace deal between israel and the pa
isn't in sight israeli government
officials have expressed an interest in
strengthening president abbas who is
losing popularity in the west bank to
the terror group hamas this is jody kohn
from jerusalem for we on world is one
beyond is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move