moving on now to other global news
stories tensions between israel and
palestine have been rising for the past
few weeks and they have finally boiled
over it seems more than 150 people have
been injured after clashes broke out
between palestinians and israeli
security forces at jerusalem's al-aqsa
mosque
all this happened today morning this is
the first face-off in the area since the
start of ramzan
israeli police said that dozens of
masked men marched into the mosque
chanting and setting off fireworks
before throwing stones towards the
western wall
it is considered to be the holiest site
where jews can pray
the israeli police said that at least
three of their officers have been hurt
in the clashes
[Music]
the visuals on your screen show the
smoke billowing around the mosque as the
explosion resonated in the holy site
this comes after the stun grenades were
fired by the israeli police and many
palestinians inside the mosque appear to
clash with the israeli security forces
foreign
tensions are high because israel has
been carrying out arrests and military
raids in the west bank after four
attacks in israel in the past three
weeks which killed 14 people most of
them civilians some of the attacks in
israel were carried out by arab citizens
linked to the islamic state group
others were by palestinians which were
cheered on by militant groups like hamas
in that same period of time however at
least 18 palestinians have been killed
in the ongoing raids which were
conducted by israeli forces and this
includes children
[Music]
the site of today's clashes the al-aqsa
mosque in islam is currently islam's
third holiest site the jews refer to it
as temple mount in reference to two
temples that are said to have stood
there in antiquity
this very compound was at the heart of
the israeli-palestine conflict last year
and escalated into an 11-day war between
israel and the hamas group controlling
the gaza strip
the war led to the deaths of at least
260 palestinians 13 israelis and
significant destruction
along the gaza strip
beyond world is one is now available in
your country download the app now and
get all the news updates on the move