[Music]
[Music]
motor vessel Open Arms motzel Open Arms
Israel you have
perion
emph emphase that are
security all of our
instructions please continue along the
greed corridor
route
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
hi everyone this is Juan Camilo from war
Cal kitchen reporting once again from
the port of Lara in Cyprus we are right
now at night working nonstop to get more
a to gasa V behind me it's happening the
cargo of these tons of aid for gasa we
are loading a new boat ready to deliver
more Aid inside those P we have beans
can can meat we have flour rice and of
course we have dates this is happening
we are working nonstop to make this
possible our first boat arrived there
and we're ready to continue scaling up
this and what we see and we Invision is
having a highway of Aid going to gasa
but of course we need to keep opening
the land Crossing and having more access
because not enough a there is not enough
a right now arriving to yeah we have a
difficult situation it is necessary for
Aid to reach Gaza on a larger scale now
that will be a topic that I also have to
talk about we are concerned about the
further advancement of military
developments in particular there is a
danger that a fullscale offensive in
Rafa will result in many terrible
civilian casualties which must be
avoided at all
costs this is therefore also something
that will have to be discussed we will
have to talk about a long-term
perspective the question of how a
peaceful coexistence between a
Palestinian State and Israel can succeed
he said it's all right there it is the
last two pallets of food getting loaded
onto the last truck behind me off of the
barge there's the Open Arms boat back
there
um 200 tons of food um delivered here in
Northern
Gaza um it's going to go up to Gaza City
not tonight it's pretty late but
[Music]
soon
[Music]
[Music]
stop with
for
for
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
motor open up open up he
verying
[Music]
[Music]
br