five Hezbollah Fighters were killed in
clashes along the Lebanon Israel border
as tensions between Israel and hisbah
escalate Hezbollah is announced the
death of 10 militants since skirmishes
began in the latest Saudi Arabia has
called for all citizens to leave Lebanon
as tensions rise with Israel riyad's
Embassy in beut said it would closely
follow the developments where at least
18 people in total have been killed in
exchanges of fire between Hezbollah and
the Palestinian militants on one side
and Israel on the other other the US
state department has raised its travel
alert to Lebanon as do not travel citing
the security situation related to the
rocket missile and artillery exchange
the state department authorized the
voluntary temporary departure of family
members of US Government personnel and
some non-emergency Personnel from the US
Embassy in Beirut because of the
security
situation Israeli military Chief of
Staff has already threatened that Israel
would retaliate aggressively should
hisbah TR try to open a second front
even as Israel is engaging Hamas in the
South Israel it has warned that if
hisbah makes a mistake it will be
annihilated the fears of escalation come
amid concerns that the war would spread
into Lebanon where the Iran BST buah
group has expressed strong support to
Hamas militants who control the Gaza
Strip Israel considers lebanon's
hasbullah an even bigger threat than
Hamas so far artillery exchanges between
Hezbollah and Israel have been limited
to several towns along the border Israel
has threatened that if hisbah opens a
new front all of Lebanon will suffer the
consequences Israel and Hezbollah fought
a month-long war in 2006 that ended in a
draw since then hezbollah's military
caliber is significantly grown in the
wake of the latest war in the region the
International Community scrambled to
keep the conflict from spilling over
into Lebanon and possibly the rest of
the
region the events of the past 11 days
have serve to reignite Grievances and
reanimate alliances across the
region based on my meetings and the uh
Dynamics I observe on the ground I would
say the following the risk of an
expansion of this conflict is real very
very real and extremely
[Music]
dangerous