gaza's Health Ministry is warning of a
looming catastrophe for displaced
Palestinians in The Enclave the health
Ministry officials are raising an alarm
over Hunger dehydration and disease that
they call a triangle of death emerging
in the region the United Nations has
reported that since October 7th over 90%
of civilians have been displaced in Gaza
added to this the humanitarian crisis is
worsening as little Aid is trickling
into the enclave
meanwhile in Israel some family members
of the hostages being held captive by
Hamas took to the streets to protest
against humanitarian Aid being sent into
Gaza close to 30 protesters blocked a
trucks going into Gaza VI the km Shalom
Crossing they were stopped by Israeli
police
Personnel they get all the help all the
humanitarian I I'm okay with that okay
they need to get
food okay but my father inlaw need also
get medicines get food and we don't know
anything about them and we don't no no
no one get uh went there and to see them
to photo them to to see if they're okay
nothing no Red Cross
nothing on the diplomatic front US
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin is
currently in Israel where he met prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu a short
while ago the meeting follows a
discussion between blinkin and Israel's
president Isaac Herzog Herzog dismissed
South Africa's accusations of genocide
against
Israel the international court of
justice in Gaza is hearing the
case in the backdrop of the war in Gaza
in his latest address at Doha Hamas
Chief ismal Hana called on Muslim states
to provide Palestinian groups with
weapons he said and I quote we see
countries of the world pouring weapons
into the occupation the time has come to
support the resistance with weapons
because this is not the battle of the
Palestinian people alone on the second
front of the wall the iran-backed
Lebanese group Hezbollah claims that it
has targeted an Israeli Command Center
in the city of safet the attack was in
response to Israel killing Hamas Deputy
leader s Al aori and hezbollah's field
commander wisam tavil the health
Ministry claimed that over
23,200 gazin have been killed as a
result of Israel's ongoing military
operations in the
region