Iranian president ibraim RI has told the
amid of Qatar that thean will respond to
any Israeli attack against its interests
Iran's foreign ministers also warning
Israel of an immediate
response if the Israeli regime makes a
mistake this time Iran's response as
Iran's military commanders announced
will not be minimal but immediate and
severe a correspondent dos Jabari is in
tan with more on Iran's
reaction the war of War continue between
Iranian officials and their Israeli
counterparts the Iranian president
Ibrahim RI received a phone call from
the Amir of Qatar Sheikh tamim bin
hammad althani on Monday evening during
that conversation the Amir of Qatar
expressed uh their uh praise for the
actions that Iran took against Israel
and the Amir said that it conveyed a
very strong message to everyone the
Iranian president for his part said that
should Israel continue
uh these uh threats and make good on
their uh threats that they've been
making against Iran and carry out any
kind of actions Iran will respond much
stronger and there will be a broader uh
response to Israel than what we've seen
in operation true promise the Iranian
foreign minister has also been speaking
to nearly a dozen other foreign
ministers around the world uh
highlighting Iran's position and say
issuing further warnings saying that any
action that would be taken by Israel
will be met by an immediate response by
Iranian officials for now uh there is a
wait and see mood here in Iran of course
Iranian officials are on high alert
waiting to see what Israel will do next
but they have uh urged the officials in
Israel not to continue this kind of
behavior dorso Jabari Al jazer
ton make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer