[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
oh
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
w
[Music]
an extraordinary uh night uh with
extraordinary results uh an
unprecedented attack on Israel met with
an
unprecedented uh sense of resolve and
determination and Military capability
that's going to I think we're going to
we'll know a little bit more uh in
coming days uh as the president has made
clear we uh everything he's been doing
since October 7th has been to try to
keep uh this from becoming a wider
Regional war and he pre-positioned
forces uh even in the last few days uh
destroyers and fighter squadrons uh into
the region to help Israel defend itself
to keep it from uh becoming a wider War
but to keep it from escalating further
uh so we'll obviously be vigilant to any
threat coming forward and and making
sure that uh that we're meeting that
need I looked at last night what it
tells me is that uh we can make good on
our commitment to defend Israel it tells
me that Israel does have Superior
military capability just think about the
hardware that Iran through into the sky
uh and how little damage that caused I
mean that's a real Testament to how
strong the IDF is it also tells me and
it should tell everybody else that
Israel is not alone the president and
the Prime Minister had a good discussion
largely about the extraordinary success
of last night again look as I said
earlier the president's been very clear
publicly so uh we don't seek a war with
Iran we don't seek an escalated uh re uh
tensions in the region we don't we don't
seek a wider conflict and everything
he's been doing literally since the 7th
of October uh has been designed to to
that outcome
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]