Amit the renewed talks for a potential
truce in the Israel Hamas War there are
reports of Discord between Israeli Prime
Minister Netanyahu and his defense
minister yuav Galant Israeli media
reports that Netanyahu has barred Galan
from holding talks with the mosad chief
on the hostage release deal in his
absence reports further say that at
least twice Galan separately invited the
mosad chief David B to hold one-on-one
discussions which Netanyahu has
disapproved of Galan sought to be
briefed up on B's recent secret trip to
Paris for hostage talks before Netanyahu
could get any updates this reportedly
angered the Israeli Prime Minister
Netanyahu had earlier stated that only
the war cabinet has the authority to
decide on the matter of hostages and
those missing on the latest reports
there has been no reaction from either
Netanyahu or Galant these reports Kam
talks have picked up again on a
potential Tru steal negotiations are
reportedly going on between Israel and
Hamas under Egyptian and Qatari
mediation for a possible prisoner swap
deal according to Israeli media there
are still about 129 hostages believed to
be held in Gaza though not all are
alive although Netanyahu and Galant have
pledged to work together to fight Hamas
there are indications of other
differences as well between the two
leaders according to reports Galant has
been pressing since the War Began for
the IDF to launch a major campaign
against Hezbollah in Lebanon but
Netanyahu has thwarted the
idea on the other hand a few weeks ago
the pair h separate press conferences
minutes apart in the same building in
Tel Aviv Netanyahu had said that Galan
disregarded his suggestion and go and
had gone ahead with a separate press
conference we on world is one is now
available in your country download the
app now and get all the news updates on
the move