in Israel some Ultra Orthodox Jewish men
are staging protests angry at attempts
to remove exemptions of religious
students from military service in a time
of war the issue is dividing Israelis
and it's even threatening the stability
of prime minister Benjamin netanyahu's
Coalition let's take a closer
look the ultra Orthodox hared Community
has been exempt from military service
since the founding of Israel in
1948 the country's Prime Minister David
benan Exempted about 400 students from
military duty so they could devote
themselves to religious study benan had
hoped to keep alive sacred knowledge and
traditions almost wiped out in the
Holocaust since then the ultra Orthodox
Jews have gone from being a tiny
minority to making up more than 133% of
the country's population haridy men
often live in heavily Orthodox
neighborhoods and devote their lives to
Rel ious study some do serve in the Army
but most do not many haridy men do not
work but live off donations state
benefits and the often modest wages of
their wives many of whom do
work the military exemptions have long
bred resentment from secular Israelis
whose taxes subsidize the
haredim and who are themselves obliged
to serve in the military this resentment
has only grown since the start of the
war in Gaza many many Israelis regard
the war against Hamas as an existential
battle for the future of the country
opinion polls indicate very broad public
support for removing the exemptions
former deputy head of Israel's National
Security Council Iran Eton we are at War
we need every Soldier and the days of
disavowing their responsibility are over
on the other hand ultra-orthodox Jewish
parties are resisting pressure to lift
the exemptions they want us to be to go
to the Israeli Army for that it means to
us they don't want us to be religious
therefore we prefer to die and not to go
to the
Army for Netanyahu the stakes are high
his Coalition includes two harid parties
who want to keep exemptions for their
communities their departure could
trigger new elections which opinion
polls indicate Netanyahu would
lose on the other hand netanyahu's own
defense minister yoav Galant and his
allies want a far broader conscription
law the Supreme Court has given the
government time until April 30th to
reach a solution acceptable to both its
religious and secular
[Music]
members