a war takes a toll on families and
generations to come but more so on the
young minds Palestinian children who
have been exposed to violence of a
devastating scale are bearing the
psychological impact of the ongoing
conflict Gaza is home to over 2 million
people and it has been under blockade
since
2007 after the Hamas lethal attack on
Israel on the 7th of October food fuel
medicines and power supply have been cut
completely people are fighting to feed
their children atrocities like losing
their families friends homes and
witnessing Detention of their loved ones
show signs of inflicting profound
psychological
damage
foree
fore
[Music]
numbers tell you the Grim reality
according to a 2022 report by save the
children four out of five children in
Gaza are living under depression and
fear more than half of the children
struggle with suicidal thoughts children
also experience Trauma from witnessing
the deaths of other children a study
found that
53.5% of children in Gaza are suffering
from post-traumatic stress disorder
nearly 90% had experienced personal
trauma 2022 was the deadliest year for
Palestinian children in the West Bank in
15 years with an estimated 34 children
killed and this time it has gone far
beyond on that over
2,300 have died in the Gaza Strip around
700 of them are
children
these children live constantly under the
fear of an incursion by Israel children
in Gaza have previously resorted to
dangerous methods of collecting food or
money for food often entering zones
where they can be attacked by the
Israeli military these children have
known nothing but a life full of
violence deprivation and uncertainty ice
cream trucks are now being used as morgs
in such a scenario education has become
a luxury livelihood and employment
opportunities are extremely limited as
the Israel hummus War continues and
casualties also rise children who have
had no role to play in the war will
continue to become collateral damage and
the ones who survive will take years to
recover from the trauma inflicted by the
war
[Music]