Iran has blamed Israel for an air strike
on its Consulate in Syria's capital of
Damascus six people including
revolutionary guard senior Commander
Muhammad Resa zahidi have reportedly
been killed Israel says it will not
comment on foreign media reports Tan's
Ambassador in Damascus says his Iran's
response to the strike will be harsh the
White House was asked about the attack
earlier bombed Iran's consulate building
in Damascus today apparently killed an
Iranian military commander did you know
about this in advance you conern this is
an escalation so look I'm aware of the
reports our team is looking into it so
I'm not going to get ahead of of
anything just yet but obviously we're
aware of the reports and our team is
looking into I'm just not going to go
beyond that well alist bunkle has more
now from
Jerusalem they have carried out hundreds
of air strikes over the years against
targets both Syrian Lebanese and Iranian
within Syria itself there's been a lot
of air strikes close to the capital and
in around the capital Damascus even in
recent weeks uh but it is the Israel
playbook in events like this not uh
typically to comment or to confirm their
involvement ever so occasionally uh they
do hinted it uh but it is unlikely that
they will do so but fingers Point
towards Israel for all the obvious
reasons this Commander zah was a senior
commander in the kuds force of the
Revolutionary guard and the ks force is
the the the sort of the international
branch of Iran's revolutionary guard
that is responsible in many ways for a
lot of the Iranian proxies including
Hezbollah in Lebanon and he is claimed
to have been one of those who oversaw
the transfer of weapons between Iran and
Hezbollah and also was involved in the
planning of Hezbollah attacks uh into
Israel so he would have been a key
Target for the Israelis uh that is why
you know there's one reason at least why
the Israelis are being accused uh being
a part of behind this attack I think the
fact that it has happened um despite the
fact that you see Israeli attacks on on
Damascus and elsewhere in Syria uh many
many times the fact that this has taking
place in the Iranian consulate uh next
door to the Iranian embassy
and on such a high level Target well
that is an
escalation