both systems in the United States and
Israel have fed off of each other for
quite some time in my view both both
systems violate international law the US
government chose to create this entirely
new military commission system just for
these Muslim male detainees who were
brought to Guantanamo Bay in order to
prosecute them it's a very similar
system um used by Israel to prosecute
Palestinians the one other way in which
uh the systems are similar is that the
youth of torture on detainees is then
either classified in the US system or
sort of um held in secrecy in the
Israeli systems the fact that they are
both characterized as temporary or
exceptional means that you know that
they're supposed to be in existence if
at all for very very short very limited
periods of time have people for example
like Guantanamo right who've been held
in US custody for two decades um without
prosecution we see the same sort of very
very long um lead times in uh the
detention camps in Israel as well and
then once you actually get into the
legal system you have a number of due
process violations including the lack of
ability to put on um a proper defense
those are lacking in both systems and I
guess the last uh the last thing that I
would mention is the conviction rate um
there is I believe over 99% convict rate
before the Israeli uh military courts
and of course at guano you have a
relatively fewer number of people being
prosecuted but uh make no mistake the
military commissions like Guantanamo
were engineered for 100% conviction rate
um it represents the fact that certain
countries have been allowed to enforce
laws for others for uh poorer countries
for countries that are
non-white um and are unwilling to
themselves to be bound by the same rule