there are also signs of intolerance
spreading across Europe tonight an
election victory for a far-right party
with anti-islamic views and a stabbing
that led to a riot over immigration
here's CTV janv
bosan violent protest ripped through
Dublin the crowd chanting anti-immigrant
slogans injured police officers burned
cars and buses and looted
shops the head of the National Police
condemned what he called a lunatic
faction driven by far-right
ideology though the investigation is
still ongoing riers blame a foreigner
for the violent stabbing injuries to
three children and a woman earlier in
the day this hours after a sign in the
Netherlands that Rising far-right
populism is altering the European
landscape a man dubbed the Dutch Donald
Trump landed an election
win it was a stunning upset that even
shocked guilt Builders and his Freedom
Party we will make sure that the
Netherlands will be for the Dutch people
again he told supporters we will
restrict the tsunami of Asylum and
migration always a fire brand he wrote a
wave of anti-immigration sentiment
blaming Asylum Seekers for a housing
shortage and focusing on cost of living
issues and the country's ailing Health
Care system I think it's good yeah uh
the Netherlands need a change observers
called this a stunning Lurch to the far
right for a country long regarded as one
of Europe's Most socially liberal so
this is part of an international Trend
Trump Malon in Italy Sweden Democrats in
Sweden I day biggest party in Germany
now in the poles so this is the
international Trend and huge
anti-establishment
populist Revolt all over the place all
over the
world but in the Netherlands a party led
by a former European Union climate Chief
also won several seats and could now
form the opposition supporters say
vilder election win highlights division
we have a lot of polarization Society is
getting harder towards each other we are
losing our Humanity towards each other
vilder did win the most seats but he
will have to build a coalition that
could pave the way for him to be prime
minister Omar all right shvv thank you