Israeli defense minister yav galand has
said that Tel Aviv may form a possible
Alliance in its fight against Iran now
the statement comes after Iranian
assault against Israel was jointly
repelled by the US UK and Jordanian Air
Force we have an opportunity to
establish a strategic alliance against
this great Threat by Iran which is
threatening to mount nuclear explosives
on those missiles which could be an
extremely grave threat the US Israel and
its allies stand should Tosh shoulder to
defend against this
threat Israel is eyeing at a regional
coalition to exact the price of Iranian
strike meanwhile US President Joe Biden
has refused to be part of a retaliatory
Alliance the United States has warned
against Israel's counter offensive over
the possibility of regional escalation
of the war Washington added that the
thwarting of Iranian strikes was an
answer enough to prove Israel's military
superiority and
capability meanwhile the group of seven
countries the G condemned the attacks on
Sunday the leader said that Iranian
attacks risk provoking a quote unquote
uncontrollable Regional escalation Italy
which holds the rotating presidency of
the G7 called a video conference for the
member
leaders the conference which went for
under an hour was attended by US
President Joe Biden UK prime minister
Rishi sunak French president Emanuel
macron German Chancellor Olaf schz
Italian Prime Minister Georgia Malone
Canadian Prime Minister Justin trudo and
Japanese prime minister fumio
kishida Iran launched over 300 missiles
and drones in overnight strikes on
Israel's border territories of these
most were shot down by the Joint Defense
of us UK and Jordanian forces however
the Iranian defense office called the
attacks successful and said that it
concluded the matter the Iranian strikes
came following a suspected Israeli
attack on Iranian mission in the Syrian
capital of Damas us and now Iran has
warned that Israeli retaliation will
quote unquote elicit a far bigger
response
[Music]