let's move on did over Reliance on
technology cost Israel how did cheap and
unsophisticated weapons render Israel's
Fortress completely useless as Israeli
forces clash with Hamas in Gaza more
questions are being asked about its
security apparatus according to a recent
report Israel was too dependent on The
Cutting Edge wall that it constructed
along the Gaza border but here's the
Shocker the $1 billion security barrier
which has advanced sensors and smart
guns failed to anticipate the Hamas
assault so how did a for foress armed to
the teeth miss this ominous threat
videos have emerged online that show
small offthe shell drones inflicting
heavy damage on Israel's multi-million
dollar Hardware according to this new
report by New York Times pinpointing
vulnerabilities in Israel surveillance
setup was a key aspect of hamas's
October 7th attack Hamas managed to take
down at least four communication towers
and how did they do it by using drones
to drop Munitions catching the Israeli
defense completely off guard they
managed this feed because Israel missed
the breach in their physical
barrier but that's not all Israeli
officials were so confident about their
border wall that they kept a small
military force nearby they prioritized
other areas for military deployment they
believed they had bigger fish to fry
elsewhere that choice ended up costing
them dearly as they faced a brutal
assault that they're still trying to
avenge now about Israel's surveillance
system it's a robust Network including
drones cameras cyber snooping but
shockingly it proved fatally
insufficient Hamas managed not only to
outmaneuver but also overwhelm this
setup it begs for a revaluation a fresh
look at what Israel takes immense pride
in its techn technological
sophistication think about it Israel has
carved out a niche as a major supply of
security and defense Tech globally it is
one of the world's most specialized most
productive high-tech economies still the
group that both the US and Israel regard
as a terrorist organization managed to
use Shar numbers to overpower Israeli
surveillance we on world is one is now
available in your country download the
app now and get all the news updates on
the move