it is now day 24th in the Israel Hamas
War here are the most recent
developments German Israeli dual citizen
Shani luk who had gone missing after the
Hamas attack on Israel on October 7th
has been found dead according to news
reports Luke's mother told a German news
agency that the Israeli military said
her daughter's body hasn't been found
but a splinter of her skull bone was
located and submitted for a DNA test
according to reports hundreds of people
stormed an airport in southern Russia
chanting anti Semitic slogans on the
arrival of a flight from Tel Aviv
Russian news reports said the crowd
surrounded The Airliner 20 people were
injured with two in critical condition
the Kremlin says the violence was the
result of outside influence dozens of
Gaza militants were killed in overnight
operations according to Israel's
military spokesperson the spokesperson
said quote unquote we are gradually
moving ahead according to plan forces
are deployed along northern border
Iran's foreign Ministry spokesperson
said that the US should refrain from
blaming tan for hamas's October 7
attacks on Israel United Kingdom foreign
secretary James cleverly said the UK is
working extensively with Egyptians
Israelis and others to try to establish
a humanitarian pause to get Aid to the
people of Gaza cleverly said that they
have spoken with political leadership of
Israel's neighbors including Lebanon to
make sure this does not become a
regional conflict Israeli troops pushed
deeper into the northern Gaza Strip on
Monday this comes as un and medical
staff warned that air strikes are
hitting closer to hospitals where tens
of thousands of Palestinians have sought
shelter alongside thousands of wounded
after 4 and internet services were
severed on Friday the vast majority of
more than 2 million Palestinians in Gaza
have had no way to communicate with each
other or the outside world billionaire
Alon musk has offered help from a
starling satellite Network to support
Communications in Gaza for
internationally recognized eight
organizations the save the children
organization says that over 3,200
children have been killed in Gaza and
another thousand are missing according
to a spectator index report thank you
for joining us for this update stay
tuned as we continue to bring you the
latest developments in this complex and
evolving
situation