this was a dangerous and unnecessary
escalation which I've condemned in the
strongest terms thanks to an
international coordinated effort which
the United Kingdom participated in
almost all of these missiles were
intercepted saving lives not just in
Israel but in neighboring countries like
Jordan as well the RAF sent additional
planes to the region as part of our
existing operations to counter dases in
Iraq and Syria I can confirm that our
planes did shoot down a number of
Iranian attack drones I don't want to
pay tribute to the bravery and
professionalism of our pilots flying
into the face of danger to protect
civilians so RAF Jets did shoot down
Iranian tack drones are you able to say
what future involvement the Raf in the
UK could have as this develops um and
what was the process leading up to that
last night did you consult the cabinets
at all yeah as I said the RAF moved
additional planes into the region as
part of our existing operations to
counter dases in Iraq and Syria and I
can't confirm that a number of Iranian
attack drones were shot down and we pay
tribute to the bravery and the
professionalism of our pilots flying
into the face of danger to protect
civilians uh I chaired a cobra meeting
on Friday to agree a plan of action have
you spoken to Benjamin Netanyahu and
what is your message to him as he
considers how Israel responds to this
well as I said yesterday it's clear that
Iran is determined to so discontent and
destabilize the region its own backyard
uh that's very clear from its actions if
this attack had been successful The
Fallout for regional stability would be
hard to overstate and we stand by the
security of Israel and The Wider region
which is of course important for our
security here at home too what we now
need is for calm heads to Prevail we'll
be working with our allies to deescalate
the situation and I look forward to
speaking to G7 leaders later this
afternoon what practically can the UK do
to try and escalate now is this
predominantly about dialogue or could
there be um conditions set on Military
Support as was last night dependent on
how Israel responds well I'll be talking
to G7 leaders later this afternoon it's
important that we coordinate with allies
and we'll be discussing next steps at
that moment