so we are shooting
here uh just near gerot inside gerot
police station where uh the terrorist
hold up for several hours the gun battle
went on for uh several hours finally
several policemen were killed almost uh
two dozen policemen were killed while
there were 10 terrorists inside hold up
inside in this area they uh uh drove on
the streets on bikes and uh trucks and
this is also the area where they uh
killed several people it's not been many
hours since these uh bodies have been
removed from here from this place and
the city is still reeling because of
this there is an absolute silence here
everywhere and only the police Personnel
and and other media persons are seen
here so this city uh came under direct
attack the very first thing and uh uh
there is there are still questions about
how this took place why there was no
intelligence about it but but that will
that is something which will come on
later today what we have seen
is that people the Israeli forces are
trying to deal with the situation which
has been created after this attack and
uh the attacks on the retaliatory
attacks on Gaza are continuing but the
barriage of rockets from here just does
not stop there are also several other
fronts which are open like there was a
rocket attack from Syria Hezbollah is
trying to attack from the north so the
these are the things which are taking
place right now here and I I would also
like to show you how where people were
killed and uh uh there there are people
who are coming in and they are paying
tribute uh for those who have fallen to
this terrorist attack here I would show
you how people have put flowers right
here right here they have put
flowers in remembrance for all those who
died in the terror attack
here so a very difficult
time here in
Israel a very difficult time for
civilians a difficult time for a country
and lots of tensions lots of uh
apprehensions about how this situation
is going to develop in Kad Sharma for
NTV