amid the Raging war against Hamas Israel
is pulling out newer weapons from its
Arsenal it has introduced two new
weapons Einstein and SpongeBobs into its
assault ahead of an expected ground
offensive described as a game changer
Einstein is a guided motar with
unprecedented accuracy it is expected to
help Israel Target specific enemy
positions and minimize collateral damage
as Hamas operates in a densely populated
region moreover the bombs are set to be
cost effective deterent and let's tell
you the key features of
Einstein the weapon includes a motor of
120 mm and it is equipped with GPS
facilities to hit targets with Precision
the weapon uses laser guidance for
pinpoint accuracy at a range of 1 to 12
km the aim of the new weapon is to
transform ground Warfare and provide
Battalion with accurate and effective
Firepower now let's move to the other is
in AR Armory this is the sponge bomb
that has been developed by Israeli
Defense Forces to gain an edge in tunnel
Warfare the bomb has become necessary to
neutralize Hamas militants hiding
beneath the ground in a dense network of
tunnels and the underground alleys
stretching for kilometers serve as a
safe shelter for Palestinian militants
it enables them to secretly move
positions smuggle weapons execute
surprise attacks and hide hostages Hamas
is believed to be hiding over 200
hostages in these tunnels at the moment
posing tactical and logistical
challenges for Israeli forces one of the
unconventional features of the sponge
bombs is that they do not contain
explosives rather they are designed to
seal off tunnel gaps or entrances and
these weapons release a foam like
substance that rapidly expands and
hardens sponge bombs have also been used
earlier in 2021 in mock tunnel exercise
sizes now whether these weapons will
change the tide of Israel Hamas war or
not remains to be seen but what cannot
be denied is that the casualties are
most certainly all set to go up
further