US President Joe Biden will soon
dispatch one of his most trusted and
potentially influential officials to
Europe according to reports the CIA
director Bill Burns will travel for a
fourth round of multi-party talks now in
the hopes of brokering a broaden deal to
release the hostages still being held in
Gaza Burns is expected to meet in France
with David Baria the head of Israel's
mosad intelligence agency and Qatari
prime minister Muhammad bin Abdul man
Alani Egyptian intelligence Chief abas
Kamel is also said to be involved in the
talks now all four have engaged in
previous rounds of negotiations aimed at
freeing hostages in exchange for an end
of hostilities the CIA director is not
the only us top official who is going to
hold talks about the ongoing war in Gaza
America's national security adviser is
also on his way to Thailand to meet
China's foreign minister Jake Sullivan
is expected to raise recent houi attacks
on ships in the Red Sea with wangi and
ahead of Sullivan's Meetup with China's
wangi reports suggest Chinese officials
have asked their Iranian counterparts to
help rainan attacks on ships in the Red
Sea by the Iran backed houthis if they
are not able to do that then tan May
risk harming business relations with
Beijing now in the latest US Secretary
of State Anthony blinkin held a phone
call with his South African counterpart
naledi pandor now this comes before the
international court of justice rules on
whether or not to order emergency
measures against Israel in its war
against
Hamas a readout from the state
department says that during their phone
call blinkin and pandor discussed the
conflict in Gaza including the need to
protect civilian lives and work towards
lasting Regional peace now there are
also reports of emerging that say that
the US has created a Channel with Israel
to discuss concerns over incidents in
Gaza in which civilians have been killed
or injured by the Israeli military and
about the civilian facilities that have
been targeted by the
[Music]
IDF