in this school in the kandia refugee
camp 600 girls learn every day under the
shadow of the UN flag signs for bidding
people from carrying weapons are dotted
around the school for several years now
the independence of anra has been called
into question by
Israel teachers say the end of funding
for the refugee agency will Spell
catastrophe as they risk losing their
salaries Muhammad side works as a
coordinator at anra he announces what he
describes as collective pun ment that is
politically
motivated we see the unra agency as
being a witness to the 1948 nagba this
means that closing the agency would be
the end of the refugee question and
that's the danger we see freezing unref
funds as the beginning of the end for
the refugee cause there is an
existential threat to the refugee camps
and this affects any Prospect of a
political
solution incandia anra also runs this
Health Center this is where am Muhammad
goes every week to receive care she
suffers from a chronic illness and
wouldn't normally be able to afford the
costly treatment offered by the center
had it not been for anra we're going to
be destroyed totally we get free
treatment from the agency we take
medicine and they don't take money but
if you want to go somewhere else the
doctor will charge you 100
shekels many Palestinians are also
critical of unra like Baker who's been
left disillusioned by the current food
shortages in the past at the end of the
month unra would give us simina milk and
rice but that's all gone now now all we
have left are schools and the center and
that's it medicine and everything else
is being
russan since October 7th the occupied
West Bank has been a hot bed of tension
now the possible collapse of anra could
plunge the refugee camp into a new
humanitarian
crisis