Miss bman beginning with you the
countries are picking sides strong
statements are coming as well but
solution the question is who will stop
this war and can can this war be really
stopped at
all let's let's say that this time the
it's it's completely different in one
one day we have lost over 1,000
civilians in a a brutal terror attack by
people that that hasn't bound to uh any
n International rules for the first time
uh civilians are paying a a very very
high price so therefore this is not in a
in the same scale you cannot look at
this at the same scale that you have
looked at any other a um round of of of
a a war or or operation that were before
you can only imagine what does it mean
and this is it again it's it's about
what it's a massacre it cannot be looked
in a different way what we went through
a Shabbat morning that was a holiday in
Israel people W wake woke up in the
morning to a nightmare people were in
locked in the room in the safe room for
over 24 hours with the children at the
age of two at the age of four some of
them were taken out by firing missiles
to their door people penetrated their
homes their privacy you can only imagine
you know as a human being what does it
mean to be in your home home and in one
second it's not yours anymore people
were taken out from their shelters and
shut in front of their children children
were shut Hy were taken in in captivity
this is not an equation that any anyone
any human being can can do this time
about what is happening in Israel so if
you ask us the Israelis that that are a
peace Seekers we one of the the the the
casualties that that was murdered
Shabbat morning was the mayor of the the
sh region in the Gaza Street he was the
one with the vision to uh to develop an
industry that will bring together
Palestinian
and Israelis for a better future for
everyone he was the first to be killed
his son was wounded they cannot find him
his mother-in-law was shoot in the back
a woman in her 70s you can only imagine
what nightmare Israel is living today so
it's not a question the the Hamas is
exactly like Isis they are an army they
are not a Liberation movement they
to kill as many of Israelis as they can