in vienna right now world powers are
scrambling to save the iran nuclear deal
this time a new regime is negotiating in
the talks but the signs in vienna are
like deja vu
the united states warns of crippling
sanctions iran drags out the talks and
enriches uranium israel threatens war
the europeans plead and negotiate and
the arabs watch from the sidelines
in the latest the u.n nuclear watchdog
reached an agreement with iran this is
on replacing its surveillance cameras at
a centrifuge paths workshop these
cameras were removed after an apparent
attack
while this may have eased a growing
standoff both the u.s and israel are
preparing for alternatives a contingency
plan if the agreement cannot be restored
according to the u.s secretary of state
anthony blinken the u.s is actively
engaging with allies and partners on
alternatives
as for israel they have urged a hard
line against iran
in fact israel is even preparing itself
for a possible military alternative
but this has not gone down well with
iran iran has warned israel in a new
article by the state media the article
was titled quote unquote a wrong move
and it is a serious warning it was meant
to be a reminder of iran's apparent
defense capabilities it mentioned how
quickly iran would ready would be ready
to strike israel and how all major
cities here could be targeted
interestingly while the west bank is
included in the target list gaza is
missing from the map
our correspondent jody kohen has been
tracking those developments she has sent
us this report from the israeli city of
hasleah take a look
just one wrong move that's the headline
of the tehran times featuring a map of
iranian targets in israel i'm standing
at one of those targets right now a
marina that is usually bustling with
locals and tourists during peak times
the israeli government doesn't appear to
have responded directly to the list of
targets with commentators crediting the
list to a simple google search rather
than any high-level iranian intelligence
they note that the list includes sites
in the west bank but not gaza
illustrating the ties between terror
group hamas and their backers in tehran
this is jody cohen for we on world is
one
we are now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move