the head of Israeli intelligence D David
Bia is reportedly attending fresh truce
talks in Qatar the mosad chief is likely
to hold talks with the Qatari prime
minister and Egyptian officials to fill
in the remaining gaps in the Israel
Hamas ceasefire deal this comes after
Hamas abandoned key ceasefire demands
following a series of setbacks the talks
will Mark the first time that both
Israel and Hamas will join indirect
negotiations since the start of the Holy
month of Ramadan Israeli Prime Minister
has adamantly ruled out a permanent
ceasefire and insists it will resume its
declared goal of destroying Hamas a
diplomat familiar with the ceasefire
negotiations says efforts are moving in
a positive direction but are not there
yet meanwhile opposition leader y lapid
reached the hostages Square he later
took to social media and said No Deal
will be an easy one but a deal that
brings the hostages home is worth the
prize and will receive a full backing
there is no Victory without them
returning we cannot move forward without
them being home negotiators are still
hopeful to attain a six week ceas fine
Gaza so that the humanitarian Aid enters
the won Enclave the main United Nations
agency operating in Gaza has already
warned that acute malnutrition is rising
more quickly in the north of the
Enclave unra has saved one in three
children under the age of two in
Northern Gaza is now acutely
malnourished 5 months into the Gaza War
the Israeli Prime Minister has approved
plans for the country's looming
offensive in Rafa where over 1 million
Palestinians are situated reacting to
the mounting pressure on Israel he
reiterated Israel's right to defend
itself against Hamas in a cabinet
meeting on
Sunday
[Music]
to our friends in the International
Community I say is your memory so short
so quickly you forgot about October 7th
the worst massacre committed against
Jews since the Holocaust so quickly
you're ready to deny Israel the right to
defend itself against Monsters of
Hamas German Chancellor Olaf schz who is
on a two-day visit to West Asia has also
voiced concerns about an assault on Rafa
saying that there was a danger which
would result in many terrible civilian
casualties
for all the latest news download the
weon app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel