we stood in solidarity with Israel at
their moment of crisis when they were
facing these Terror attacks Mr President
we have also expressed deep shock at the
tragic loss of lives at the alh Hal
Hospital in
[Music]
Gaza
India is deeply concerned at the
deteriorating security situation and
large scale loss of Civilian lives in
the ongoing conflict the mounting
humanitarian crisis is equally
alarming the escalation of hostilities
in the region has only exacerbated the
dire humanitarian situation and has once
again underscored the fragile nature of
the
ceasefire the 7th October Terror attacks
in Israel were shocking
and we condemn them
unequivocally our prime minister was one
of the first global leaders to have
conveyed his condolences for the loss of
lives and prayers for the innocent
victims and their
families we stood in solidarity with
Israel at their moment of crisis when
they were facing these Terror
attacks Mr President we have also
expressed deep shock at the tragic loss
of lives at the alali hospital in Gaza
where several hundreds of Civilian
casualties have occurred and thousands
injured our heartfelt condolences to the
families of the victims and prayers for
speedy recovery of the injured our prime
minister clearly spelled out that those
involved must be held
responsible civilian casualties in the
ongoing conflict are a matter of serious
and continuing concern all parties must
protect civilians especially women and
children
the unfolding humanitarian crisis needs
to be addressed we welcome the efforts
of the International Community for
deescalation and delivery of
humanitarian Goods to the people of Gaza
India has sent 38 tons of humanitarian
Goods including medicines and equipment
to the people of
Palestine we also urge the parties to
work towards creating conditions
necessary for peace and for restarting
of direct negot iations including
through deescalation and uing
violence Mr President India has always
supported a negotiated two-state
solution to the Israel Palestine issue
leading to the establishment of a
sovereign independent and viable state
of Palestine living within secure and
recognized borders side by side in peace
with Israel taking into account the
legitimate security concerns of Israel
towards this we reiterate the need for
an early resumption of direct peace
negotiations