this footage released by us Central
Command shows US Naval vessels launching
strikes at F targets a day after us and
UK forces conducted another series of
Air Raids against the Iran back yemeni
group us Central Command said it had
carried out more strikes against houthi
missiles in Yemen on February 4th at
approximately 5:30 a.m. sonat time us
Central Command forces conducted a
strike in self-defense against the
houthi land attack cruise missile
beginning at 10:30 a.m. US forces struck
four anti-ship cruise missiles all of
which were prepared to launch against
ships in the Red Sea it follows months
of attacks on Commercial and Military
ships by houthi rebels in the Red Sea
that have disrupted International Trade
the groups say their attacks are in
solidarity with Palestinians in Gaza
houthi officials have vowed retaliation
to the us-led
strikes it comes days after the White
House conducted air strikes on Iran back
Targets in Iraq and Sy Syria in response
to a drone attack last weekend in Jordan
that killed three US soldiers Washington
blamed their deaths on the Islamic
resistance in Iraq an umbrella group of
Iran backed militias what happened on
Friday was the beginning not the end of
our response and that there will be more
steps some seen some perhaps unseen uh
all in an effort to send a very clear
message that when American forces are
attacked we will respond and we will
respond forcefully I would not describe
it as some open-ended military campaign
Teran has denied involvement in the
Jordan attack it denounced the US UK
strikes in Yemen saying that they quote
contradict claims by London and
Washington that they do not want wider
conflict in the region