now on Monday Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu agreed to send a team
of Israeli officials to Washington to
discuss with Biden Administration
officials a prospective Rafa operation
the White House has been skeptical of
netanyahu's plan to carry out an
operation in Rafa where about 1.5
million displaced Palestinians are
currently
Sheltering our position is that hamash
should not be allowed a safe haven and
Rafa or anywhere else but a major ground
operation there would be a mistake it
would lead to more innocent civilian
deaths worsen the already dire
humanitarian crisis deepen the Anarchy
in Gaza and further isolate Israel
internationally the agreement to hold
talks about Rafa came as Biden and
Netanyahu spoke on Monday their first
interaction in more than a month The
Divide has grown between allies over the
food crisis in Gaza and Israel's conduct
during the war the White House National
Security adviser J Sullivan stated Biden
questioned the Israeli leader over a
lack of a coherent and sustainable Str
to defeat
Hamas a military plan cannot succeed
without an integrated humanitarian plan
and political plan and the president has
repeatedly made the point that
continuing military operations need to
be connected to a clear strategic end
game Republicans and Israelis were quick
to express outrage after chak schuma
sharply criticized netanyahu's hling of
the war and call for Israel to hold new
elections they accused the Senate
majority leader of breaking the the
unwritten rule against interfering in a
Clos allies electoral politics Biden has
not endorsed Schumer's call for election
but said he thought he gave a good
speech that reflected the concerns of
many Americans salivan said Netanyahu
raised
concerns about the calls by schuma for
new elections Biden Administration
officials have warned that they would
not support an operation in Rafa without
the Israelis presenting a credible plan
to ensure the safety of civilians and
according to White House officials
Israel has yet to present such a plan in
the US voters on the left are
dissatisfied with Biden's unwavering
support for Israel as its military
operations in Gaza have left more than
31,000 Palestinians
dead for all the latest news download
the we on Up And subscribe to our
YouTube channel