let's see what else is making news and
we want to add this hour the
demonstrators are back on the streets of
Israel once again with this the the
protests against the controversial
judicial reforms have entered their 27th
consecutive week this week's protest
comes as the administration led by prime
minister benman Netanyahu will push the
reforms in Parliament in coming few days
Tel Aviv as well as several other
Israeli cities were packed by
demonstrators on Saturday for months
they have been trying to build pressure
on the government to roll back the
reforms which they believe will result
in a more authoritarian government the
turnout until our weaves protest was
estimated to be around 150 000. these
figures are far larger than what used to
be there in recent weeks
the reason which can be attributed to
this surge is that they can sit on
Monday will hold a vote on one of the
bills of the reform this bill proposes
to strip the Supreme Court of its power
to strike down those government
decisions which it deems as unreasonable
one of its potential effects would be on
the appointment of the ministers in the
country back in January Netanyahu was
forced to sack a cabinet minister after
intervention by the Supreme Court over
his conviction in a tax evasion case
in Tel Aviv the demonstrators waived
national flags and chanted slogans
scenes of clashes were also witnessed
when some of the demonstrators blocked a
nearby Highway
the police responded by removing them
from the roads and spraying water
cannons
[Music]
[Applause]
is
foreign
the country has been in the grip of
demonstrations since January this year
the protests subsided to a small extent
of Nathan Yahoo halted the reforms the
Prime Minister has also watered down the
bill and is now looking forward to get
them passed in Parliament
the new changes include terminating the
clause which allowed the government to
override Supreme Court's decisions and
also modifying the way in which the
judges will be appointed for the
demonstrators are still enriched as they
feel that even a softer version of the
bill is enough to kill the country's
democracy and open doors for corruption
in Israel
[Music]