major airlines are halting or scaling
back flights to Israel following the
surprise attack by Hamas militants
around a half of scheduled services to
Tel Aviv did not operate on Sunday and a
third were cancelled on Monday by the
evening Delta was among the latest to
say it was cancelling flights to the
country until the end of the month
United and American Airlines have made
similar moves with many European
carriers also scaling back Services it
all led to confusion on Monday at
benuron airport Israel's main air travel
Hub but one German traveler said there
was no Panic our flight is is canceled
um but we're staying calm and we're
confident that we'll get home and uh
it's unfortunate situation but I know
everyone's working hard to uh get
everyone to the place they need to
Israel's L Airline is the big exception
to the cancellations it is laying on
extra services to bring back Israeli
reservists from around the world that as
the country conducts the biggest
military mobilization in its history at
the airport it wasn't hard to find
residents with family members on the way
back my 25-year-old son who moved to
America last year is returning to join a
tank unit he spent 3 years in the Army
as a first sergeant and um he felt like
he needed to come home and defend his
country air travel Regulators in the US
and Europe have not so far ordered
Airlines to stop flying to the country
though Russia has banned night flights
to Israel citing an unstable situation
major US cruise lines like Carnival have
also adjusted itineries to the
area West Asia is at War again and we
are in the thick of
it as the decades old conflict reignites
we bring you the most comprehensive
coverage from
Tel when War breaks out you see a lot of
movement a lot of action at
airport who is making games how is the
world reacting and what is the
Fallout we'll be here bringing you all
the action through the non-stop sirens
and the flying Rockets to bring you the
full
story catch all the live action from
this West Stan war zone only on Vantage
Israel
[Music]
Edition