famine is now inevitable in palestine's
Gaza meaning so to a Moret because these
countries are cutting of funding for
anra gaza's biggest humanitarian Aid
provider so why is this happening well
only a day after International court of
justice icj ordered six provisional
measures to protect Palestinians and
Gaza as part of South Africa's genocide
case against Israel Tel Aviv accused
onra the UN Aid Agency for Palestinians
of supporting Hamas in that some of its
staff members were involved in the
resistant group's October 7 attacks now
the agency denied having any affiliation
with Hamas and assured that an immediate
investigation would be conducted into
the 12 staffers allegedly implicated
among its 13,000 employees now of these
12 nine were fired one was confirmed
dead and two others remain under
probation but numerous countries were
quick to hold their funding of the
agency based on Israel's allegations the
US H's biggest donor at $340 million in
donations in 2022 was the first to
suspend its funding at the time of this
video a number of countries namely the
UK Germany Italy France Australia Canada
Finland Iceland Switzerland the
Netherlands and Japan immediately
followed suits however Ireland Norway
and Spain declared they would continue
their funding now it is important to
note that the countries that susp ended
funding were responsible for almost 60%
of all donation honor received in 2022
in response to the funding Cuts andest
commissioner General Filipe lazarini
expressed his shock saying Palestinians
in Gaza did not need this additional
Collective punishment based on the
alleged behavior of a few individuals
while Michael faki the UN special repto
on the right to food say that the famine
is now inevitable in palestine's Gaza
the UN special repertoire on the
occupied Palestinian territories
Franchesca albanesa also said States
suspending their funding only a day
after icg concluded Israel was plausibly
engaged in genocide in Gaza overly
defies the Court's ruling to allow for
humanitarian Aid which is tantamount to
Collective punishment of Palestinians in
the most difficult time and it is most
likely violating their obligations under
the genocide convention now since Israel
launched his war on Gaza it has killed
150 unra staff members and destroyed 65
unra run schools in its military
offensive