it looked apocalyptic from a distance an
Israeli air strike on the jabalia
refugee camp in the far north of Gaza
and it looked even worse on the
ground more than 100 Palestinians were
killed here and many left missing under
the
rubble you killed our children where are
our children where is our money where
are our homes we want to live we want to
live in
safety
as Hamas launched a barrage of rockets
at Tel Aviv Israel's air Naval and
ground forces attacked more than 400 of
what it called Hamas Terror Targets in
Gaza that included 50 strikes here in
Han unun in southern Gaza which was
largely spared prior to the 7-Day truce
we were sting for lunch and suddenly
there was an air strike targeting my
house those people you have seen here
were all at their own houses at the
moment this is a residential area a home
for children some 2 million Palestinians
almost the entire population of Gaza are
now crowded into the territory's
southern half meantime Israel said it
was withdrawing its negotiators from the
talks in Kadar calling them a dead end
claiming Hamas riged on its promise to
release all women and children that it
had
kidnapped we will continue the war until
we achieve all its goals and it's
impossible to achieve those goals
without the ground operation the ground
operation was necessary to bring the
results until now and it is necessary to
bring the results moving
forward Hamas says Palestinian women and
children are suffering the most in Gaza
accounting for 70% of those killed since
the resumption of the war US vice
president Kamala Harris at the cop 28
climate Summit said there were too many
civilian deaths but there are also more
discussions now on gaza's future after
the war including an infrastructure
rebuild and a government without Hamas
the Palestinian Authority Security
Forces must be strengthened to
eventually assume security
responsibilities in Gaza and at the Rafa
Crossing around 100 humanitarian Aid
trucks did get into Gaza on Saturday far
more than the day before but about half
the number going in every day during the
truce and the Red Cross is warning that
given the dire lack of food Fuel and
shelter the incoming Aid might not make
a difference Andy Rosen trt world