on Saturday night thousands gathered to
demand the release of the 137 hostages
including a Canadian woman believed to
be still held by Hamas during the rally
testimonies were screened of several
hostages who had been
released every day there was like hell
21-year-old Maya regev says in this
video unreal fear no sleep at night
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu is under intense pressure to
negotiate the release of more hostages
but ahead of a cabinet meeting Sunday
Netanyahu rebuffed international calls
for a ceasefire describing those calls
as inconsistent with supporting Israel's
war aim of eliminating Hamas but
International efforts to find peace
continue nonetheless for example the
foreign Ministers of Jordan Turkey Saudi
Arabia and the Palestinian Authority
visited the foreign C capitals of each
of the permanent members of the UN
Security Council this group minus the
Jordanian foreign minister then traveled
to Ottawa Saturday to meet with prime
minister Justin Trudeau and foreign
affairs minister melino joli neither
joli nor Trudeau would speak to
reporters about the meeting meanwhile
the Jordanian foreign minister aan
safadi was at a forum in Qatar where he
said Israel's war amounts to what he
said was the legal definition of
genocide what we see in Gaza is not
simply the uh the killing of of innocent
people the destruction of their of their
livelihoods but we are seeing uh uh a
systematic effort it seems to empty Gaza
uh from its People Israel rejected that
allegation these are of course
outrageous and false accusations Israel
is fighting to defend itself from the
monsters who perpetrated the October 7th
Massacre Qatar is where several
political leaders of Hamas are based and
Qatar has been leading negotiations
between that group and Israel we will
continue pressuring the parties despite
each party aims to destroy the
others cut our hopes at consumed broker
another pause in the fighting to get
more hostages out of Gaza and more Aid
into the territory David Aken Global
News
Ottawa