is the most significant issue about this
area is that actually unique because
some of the buildings in this area is
locating area a according to Oslo
Accords which means that in an array a
Palestinian Authority is responsible for
giving residential permits for giving
permits to build but now it's really
saying that these houses is really close
to the fence that Israelis built in 2005
and saying that this house to be
demolished even though if even though
the Palestinian Authority is responsible
in in this area according to the Oslo
Accords this is the most significant
thing and there are 16 buildings and a
hundred homes so which means that
hundreds people hundreds of people is
going to be affected by this situation
and we talk one of the residents of
those buildings and one of the home
owners and they are told they were
telling us that even though Israel is
going to demolish what we have we even
though Israel demolish what we build
with our hands we're not going to leave
the area even even though they militia
did they demolish the area we will live
in the streets with our family this is
what they say we can say that they are
resisting but Israeli army is determined
to demolish the area especially in the
area a which is under jurisdiction of
Palestinian Authority and tell us Fatih
what has the UN said about this and the
international community at large
well on Wednesday United Nations said
that this demolition should be halted
but Israeli Supreme Court gave a green
light to demolish but on also in 2000 in
2004 Israeli in 2004 international a
court of justice said that defense that
Israel is was building in 2003 was
illegal this is what international a
court of justice and United Nations said
about both fence and demolition and we
can say that there was seven years of
battle between Israelis and Palestinians
living in this area so it means that
right now seven years of battle is about
to finish with the Israeli demolitions
in 2012 Israel says it should be
demolish these houses should be
demolished because it is really close to
the fence it's really built in 2005
illegally because we know that in
international court of justice was
saying that this is illegal and also as
we said before on Wednesday United
Nations officials call on Israeli
authorities to halt the demolitions
you
[Music]