thousands of tents filled with the grief
and sorrow of Gaza this compound is only
one of many temporary camps in the
southern Gaza Strip each of its
residents has their own story utar Lulu
used to run a stationary store the
75-year-old has been diagnosed with
cancer but has been unable to access
treatment in
weeks cancer I have cancer I was
permitted to go to hospital in Jerusalem
on October 8th for treatment but now we
live in a shelter here we made this tent
and when it rains the water droplets
fall on us as you can see we sleep on
the floor it is very cold now at night
Yen shab's baby has been sick for days
the overcrowded Camp has no resources to
treat the 3-year-old it was designed to
shelter about 2,000 people but its
current population is four times that
the situation is extremely difficult and
completely unbearable more and more
people become displaced every day the
diseases are increasing the viruses are
increasing these are all causing pain we
are exhausted because of the children's
problem and the daily food and water
rations I'm the head of my family and
life is very very tough here no matter
how much we talk about it our suffering
is actually
unquantifiable children in the camps
also have their own problems GH has
spent more within 1 month of her 8 years
of life living
here I will never see my friends again I
can only play with sand instead of toys
it is hard for us to get food and water
here and a lot of my friends are dead
and a lot of people are injured we no
longer go to school when I was in school
I used to play and study with my friends
but now all what I used to do is gone
everything is very difficult nothing
it's all over no toys no games just sand
a
trt