it appears Israel plans to turn Gaza
into a zone of permanent
occupation hundreds of thousands of
citizens remain sheltered in tensities
on the edges of Gaza after fleeing Tel
aviv's ongoing
Onslaught most remain hopeful and
adamant that they want to return home as
soon as a ceasefire is implemented but
Israeli leaders are now saying that will
not be
allowed we must promote a solution to
encourage the immigration of the
residents of Gaza this is a correct just
moral and Humane solution I call on the
Prime Minister and the new foreign
minister this is an opportunity for
planning an immigration project and to
encourage the migration of residents
from Gaza to the countries of the world
make no mistake we have Partners around
the world that can help Ben's plan to
destroy gaza's Palestinian identity is
openly supported by other hardliners and
tacitly by prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu the latest calls are for
Palestinians to be transported to the
Democratic Republic of Congo but the
greatest support is for eviction to
Egypt Sinai Peninsula and other
neighboring Arab states the pro
government misgav Institute for National
Security and zist strategy first
articulated the plan in an October 17
paper as a unique opportunity to
evacuate the entire Gaza Strip such
crimes have been documented since the
state of Israel was founded with the
nakba in
1948 surprise support for the
Palestinians is also coming from some of
Israel's strongest allies particularly
France first and foremost we must
demonstrate the creation of a
Palestinian state will serve Israel's
security let us show the Palestinians
that today's war will not distract us
from the goal of meeting their
legitimate
aspirations but Israel's leadership has
ruled out any talks on a two-state
solution as evidence of its criminal
actions is presented to the icj the
deliberate denial of
medicine fuel food and water to the
residents of Gaza is
tantamount to
genocide Israel has dismissed the
charges and says it will fight the case
at the
icj while its leadership actively
pursues a policy of making it as
difficult as possible for gaza's people
to return home sh Hassen trt
world