Israel has seen yet another protest
against its new judicial reforms this
comes just a week after thousands held
demonstrations against the reforms in
key cities of Israel the unrelenting
protests have brought the Prime Minister
Benjamin netanyahu's government Under
Fire the recent protest was held on
Saturday in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv
tens of thousands of Israelis joined the
demonstrations against netanyahu's new
judicial plans professors say that these
plants threaten the Democratic checks
and balances on ministers by the quotes
however the Prime Minister has dismissed
the protests he calls it a refusal by
leftist opponents to accept the results
of last November's election the
government formed as a result of this
election says the reforms are needed for
curbing the overreaching powers of
activist judges they have drawn fears
opposition from groups including lawyers
and raised concerns among Business
Leaders this is in turn widening the
already deep political divisions in
Israeli Society the professors have
raised a number of concerns regarding
these reforms they say the future of
Israeli Society is at stake because of
these reforms according to them these
reforms threatened the independence of
judges and weakens oversight of the
government and Parliament protesters
also allege that they will undermine the
rights of minorities and open the door
to more corruption among those
protesting as former prime minister and
opposition leader Yai lapid
[Music]
people who love the country have come
here today to defend its democracy to
defend its courts to defend the idea of
coexistence and of common good there are
people who love Israel who come to
demonstrate for a democratic Jewish
State according to the values of the
Declaration of Independence and we will
not give up until people
oh yeah yeah
you did
the reforms introduced by the government
tightened government control over
judicial appointments they also limit
the Supreme Court's fans to review
government decisions the recent protest
comes days after the supreme court
ordered Netanyahu to fire the interior
Minister over a recent tax conviction
is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move
[Music]