the Israeli military has dismissed two
officers and reprimanded three others
for their roles in drone strikes in Gaza
that killed seven Aid workers the
military says a retired General's
investigation into the killings found
the officers mishandled critical
information and violated the Army's
Rules of Engagement the results of the
investigation marks an embarrassing
admission by Israel which faces growing
accusations from Key allies what's not
clear however is whether the punishment
and an apology will calm the outcry over
the deaths of the workers or reassure a
groups it was safe to resume
operations we uh received Israel's
report on the terrible killing of the
world Central Kitchen uh team in Gaza uh
a few days ago we're reviewing it very
carefully uh we'll be discussing its
conclusions with Israeli officials and
with humanitarian organizations uh in
the days to come uh it's very important
that Israel is taking full
responsibility for this incident it's
also important that it appears to be
taking steps to hold those responsible
uh accountable uh even more important is
making sure that steps are taken going
forward to ensure that something like
this can never happen again um prime
minister Netanyahu indicated to
President Biden that is Israel would be
making further changes to his procedures
to make sure that those who are
providing assistance to people who so
desperately need needed in Gaza are
protected so we're going to be looking
very
carefully at what those steps are how it
achieves better deconfliction better
coordination so that Aid workers are
[Applause]
[Music]
protected
[Music]
attacking people or objects involved H
in humanitarian assistance May amount to
a war
crime as the High Commissioner has
repeatedly stated impunity must end
independent thorough and effective
investigations into all alleged
violations of international human rights
and humanitarian law committed on the
7th of October and subsequently need to
be conducted
promptly