of course we welcome the announcement
just a little bit ago I think in the
last hour or so by cutter that the
humanitarian pause in Gaza now in its
fourth day will be extended for another
two days through Thursday morning is
real time the humanitarian pause has
already brought a halt to the fighting
together with a surge of humanitarian
assistance now in order to extend the
pause Hamas has committed to releasing
another 20 women in children over the
next two days we would of course hope to
see the pause extended further and that
will depend upon Hamas continuing to
release hostages the president has been
deeply engaged on this process
throughout the Thanksgiving weekend he
spoke with the Amir of cutter at a very
critical moment to help resolve an
impass on the second day of the pause
and then yesterday he spoke with prime
minister Netanyahu with a focus on
working towards an extension of the
pause the extension that Frank quite
frankly we're seeing today uh his team
then worked on that overnight and
through the morning he was briefed this
morning by the National Security adviser
Jake Sullivan on the ongoing talks to
extend and the pause he and his entire
National Security team will obviously
stay engaged on this over the coming
days as we work to implement this
extension of the original agreement as
well as efforts to extend the pause even
from there uh just a quick update on the
figures as of uh the the morning of
November 26 200 trucks were dispatched
to the Rafa Crossing and 137 trucks of
supplies were offloaded by the United
Nation's reception point in Gaza making
it the biggest humanitarian Convoy
received since the 7th of octob October
this brings the total number of trucks
uh of Aid and assistance including fuel
to over 2,000 since the 21st of October
our team has prioritized getting this
much-needed relief into Gaza to
alleviate alleviate the suffering of
Palestinian civilians there of course
most of them have nothing to do with
Hamas uh and to date we have assisted
over 840 Americans and their families
who have departed and S to support of
our team on the ground in Egypt that
take some questions