[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
he
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
w
[Music]
[Music]
The Proposal that um is on the table um
and that
is shared among all of the critical
actors of course U Israel um but uh also
with qar and Egypt playing a critical
role in um mediating and uh working
between Israel and Hamas I believe the
proposal is a a strong one um and uh a
compelling one that uh again offers some
hope that we can get back uh to this
process
but uh Hamas will have to make its uh
its own decisions I can just tell you
that there is um again again strong uh I
would say alignment among the countries
involved that this is a a good and
strong proposal and the work that was
done over the weekend including by um
CIA director Bill Burns uh was important
in in helping to advance this whatever
our response is uh there's no reason for
that to have an impact on our ability to
try to get these hostages released and
uh as I said last week uh so I can say
today those discussions are ongoing we
believe they have been constructive uh
and are moving in a good direction don't
want to sound sanguin here uh there's a
lot of work left to be done we don't
have an imminent deal to speak to but
based on the discussions we've had over
the weekend and and in recent days uh we
feel it's moving in in a good
[Music]
[Music]
direction I think yesterday was was uh
good progress made uh to get uh things
back in shape and to at least to lay a
foundation for the way forward uh we
cannot say that this uh will makes us
you know uh in better shape very soon
but we are hoping actually uh uh to
relay this proposal to Hamas and to get
them to a place where they engage
positively and constructively in the
process