there has uh as the war against Hamas
continues Israel has formed an emergency
Unity government focusing on the
conflict the opposition leaders have
also agreed to join the government and
set aside their differences leaders say
that they are united and are ready to
completely wipe the enemy Hamas militant
group out our next report telling you
more there were more Israeli air strikes
in Gaza on Wednesday Israeli tanks and
armor vehicles have assembled in large
numbers just north of Gaza ahead of a
potential ground assault against Hamas
with Israel on a war fitting prime
minister Benjamin netanyahu's right-wing
Coalition and opposition leaders have
agreed to form an emergency Unity
government that's according to a joint
statement from the opposition leader
Benny gant's
party the Israeli military said dozens
of its fighter jets struck more than 200
Targets in Gaza City overnight in the
neighborhood that had been used by Hamas
to launch its
attacks Palestinian sources said Israeli
air strikes in Gaza killed three
relatives of Hamas military Wing Chief
Muhammad Dave the secretive Mastermind
of the assault on Israel Hamas gunman
went on an hours long Rampage on
Saturday after breaching the fence
around Gaza scores of Israelis and other
from abroad were taken to Gaza as
hostages some paraded through the stre
streets Palestinian officials say
retaliatory strikes on Gaza have killed
more than a thousand
people Hamas armed Wing the Elam
brigades said it was still fighting
inside Israel on
Wednesday in another sign of the crisis
widening Israeli shelling hit Southern
Lebanese towns after rocket attacks by
the powerful armed group Hezbollah which
is backed by
Iran countries including Fiji South
Korea Denmark the Czech Republic and
Canada scramble to evacuate citizens
from Israel many stranded after major
airlines cancelled
flights we are now available in your
country download the app now get all the
updates on the move