Hamas has taken a significant number of
people hostage including Canadian
citizens a respected humanitarian and
advocate for peace from Winnipeg is now
captive that's according to Canada's
former Justice Minister Irwin Cotler he
tweeted Canadian citizen Vivien silver
is being held by Hamas in a standing War
crime the administration at a Vancouver
High School is also fearful for one of
its former students who was in Israel
and hasn't been heard from since the
fighting erupted please say extra
prayers for King David alumnus Ben mrai
class of 2018 who is attending an event
in the South and is missing Shauna
Austin is also from Vancouver and was in
Tel Aviv when Hamas launched the
carefully coordinated attack there's
been Sirens all night it shook the
building there's literally I was on the
floor my hands and knees praying crying
telling my family like I love them um
it's just been really
hard Air Canada has temporarily canel
flights to Israel leaving people like
Kendall and Marie Fullerton stranded I
would have thought that we would have
been getting more information that the
embassy would have you know kind of gone
to a heightened sense of alert and been
able to advise Travelers a bit better as
to what we should be doing but that's
just you know and not even an
email the Canadian embassy told them
it's closed until Tuesday for the
Thanksgiving weekend we had hoped that
they would send a repatriation flight
across
to help the Canadians get out of here
because everyone's stuck prime minister
Justin Trudeau has spoken to Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
expressing his deep condolences for the
hundreds of lives lost adding Canada is
Gravely concerned about the atrocities
that have been committed Canada's
ambassador to the United Nations is also
worried about a further escalation and
the ongoing hostage situation and has to
be resolved without using people as
blackmail or as human Shields and and
the second is the potential for
broadening the war despite the potential
for a broadening War it's not clear what
the Canadian government's exit strategy
is for Canadians who are trapped in the
region or what Consular assistance
Global Affairs is providing
far Tria isri in Ottawa thank you