there is no indication of any
trouble thus far at the moment.
Let's get to breaking news out
of the middle East this morning.
U.S. officials confirming an
Israeli military attack in Iran.
This is near the central city of
Isfahan. Iranian State news says
the country activated its air
defense systems. Jared Hill He
is in New York. As tensions in
that region continue to
escalate.
>> So this is a fluid situation.
But here's what we know right
now. Two U.S. officials have
confirmed an Israeli missile did
hit Iran overnight, a senior
Israeli official told the
Washington Post the strike was
intended to signal to Iran that
Israel can't attack its
territory now. As far as damage
goes, The New York Times is
reporting. Iranian officials
said the strike hit an air base
near the city of Isfahan, now
that is home to some of Iran's
nuclear facilities. But the
International Atomic Energy
Agency says the country's
nuclear program was not damaged.
Iran is really working to
downplay this Israeli strike at
least publicly. State media
posted this video of Iran's air
defense shooting down what they
called mini drones near Isfahan.
There's also this video of a
traffic circle with TV
presenters. They're calling it a
normal Friday.
>> That seems to indicate that
Iran is seeking to step down off
the ledge, minimize the impact
of the attack, and perhaps walk
back down the escalation
escalation ladder from here.
>> Now, what's not clear is
whether Israel will act any
further or if this apparent
signal was enough. Remember,
this comes just days after Iran
fired hundreds of drones and
to what they say was an Israeli
strike on an Iranian embassy.
The white House has been working
to squash this back and forth,
and we haven't heard much from
US leaders yet, but we are
hearing they did not endorse a