US Secretary of State Anthony blinkin
met Palestinian Authority president mmud
Abbas in Jordan the meet was a part of
us officials tours across the region in
response to Hamas attack on Israel
Lincoln reiterated the US's unequivocal
condemnation of the attack by Hamas
against Israel Lincoln also detailed us
efforts to coordinate with Partners to
prevent the conflict from widening this
meeting also brings the Palestinian
author in Focus the Palestinian
Authority is a governing body that has
overseen parts of the West Bank since
the
mid90s its creation was supposed to pave
the way to an independent Palestinian
state but today it is considered to be
Toothless and under the influence of
Israel in 2004 the Palestinian Authority
lost its grip on power after Hamas won
parliamentary elections Hamas took full
control of the Gods a strip after a
brief Civil War and refused to recognize
the state of Israel Hamas also
campaigned on an anti-corruption and
anti-west
platform Hamas resorted to extreme
violence to push for its goals and with
the war breaking out the West is drawing
parallels with other major Terror
organizations US President Joe Biden
also called out Hamas and compared it to
Al-Qaeda
we we're with you Mr Prime Minister and
as the president said we have your back
and uh you know it's an awful week it's
a disgusting acts uh by this uh
terrorist
group um and uh as you know I was the
guy that uh initially put the Isis
Campaign together and I I know a lot
about Isis and this is uh this is worse
than what I saw with ISIS
I also want to say a word about the
situation in Israel the more we learned
about the attack the more horrifying it
becomes more than
1,000 1,000 innocent lives lost
including at least 27 Americans these
guys
make they make Al-Qaeda look pure
they're pure they're Pure
[Music]
Evil