the fate of Jerusalem is one of the most
sensitive issues between Israel and the
Palestinians Trump missed a deadline to
delay moving the US embassy there from
Tel Aviv he scheduled to speak to other
leaders in the Middle East on Tuesday
well the Palestine Liberation
Organization earlier warned the move
could be the kiss of death to Israel
Palestine relations that the u.s. is
delivering a lethal bullet to the heart
of the two-state solution that would be
actually the kiss of death to the
two-state solution because Jerusalem is
at the very heart of the two-state
solution it's the major pillar of it and
there has been many decades-long policy
of the u.s. the international community
and everybody involved including the
Israelis and the Palestinians that
Jerusalem is a final status issues well
TRC world's Francis Collins is in
occupied East Jerusalem and explains
what impact any change of Jerusalem
status could have on the two-state
solution this has serious implications
for the peace process it may be a
stalled peace process at the moment but
the stark fact remains is that Jerusalem
is at the heart of any two-state
solution the Palestinians were they want
East Jerusalem as their capital in any
potential possible two-state solution to
this problem Israel has always wanted to
have Jerusalem as its capital bear in
mind America in essence did agree with
Israel many years ago they passed the
law in 1995 saying that Jerusalem should
be recognized as the Israeli capital
that the embassy should move here
however every US president since then
has ruled a waiver
he has written down that we aren't going
to adhere to that every six months this
goes through Bill Clinton to George Bush
to Barack Obama and even Donald Trump
this is a game changer in many respects
and the reaction so far has been one of
condemnation and concern across the
board not only from the Arab states but
also from allies like France the message
has been any decision over Jerusalem
should come as part of negotiations and
negotiations over a two-state solution
it isn't something that should be just
imposed
you
[Music]