right the Israeli Palestinian conflict
has raged on for more than 7 decades
since Israel declared independence in
1948 with the emergence of Hamas after
the
first uh in 1987 we take a look at the
history of this
conflict I just finished my life and now
I'm having to run to take
shelter there's a rocket coming from
Gaza
Israelis peaked out of their Windows to
see terrifying scenes of armed Hamas
militants outside trying to break into
their houses and shooting at anyone they
saw thousands of Israeli partygoers at a
desert party screamed and ran for their
lives as blooded victims collapsed
around them family members searching for
missing loved ones were shaken to
recognize them in haunting social media
videos showing Hamas militants taking
terrified Israelis
hostage the country is in shock with
unprecedented scenes of violence and
Chaos seared into people's minds the
Israeli Palestinian conflict dates back
to the end of the 19th century in 1947
the United Nations adopted resolution
181 known as the partition plan which
sought to divide the British Mandate of
pales sign into Arab and Jewish States
on May 14th 1948 the state of Israel was
created sparking the first Arab Israeli
War the war ended with Israel's Victory
but hundreds of thousands of
Palestinians were displaced the
territory was divided into three parts
the state of Israel the West Bank and
the Gaza Strip let's take a look at the
origins of the conflict the Gaza Strip
is a stretch of land located along the
Mediterranean Coast between Egypt and
Israel Israel and the Palestinian
Authority have both asserted the right
to control the area both Israel and the
Palestinians claimed Jerusalem as their
Capital City before Israel became a
nation the majority of people dwelling
in the region were Arabs Israel declared
independence in 1948 marking the first
Jewish state in over 2,000 years soon
war broke out between Israel and five
Arab Nations Jordan Iraq Syria Egypt and
Lebanon
at the end of the 1948 Arab Israel war
Egypt was given control of the Gaza
Strip however during the 6 Day War in
1967 Israel gained back control and
seized the Gaza Strip after Israel's
2005 pull out Hamas won the elections
and took control of Gaza since 2006
Hamas has occupied the Gaza
[Music]
Strip