well let's get more from France 24's
Jessica larier who joins us from the UN
headquarters in New York Jess just tell
us what happened there at the UN
Security Council and what reasons the
United States gave for its third veto of
a
resolution well we saw Linda Thomas
Greenfield raise her hand to veto this
resolution on behalf of the United
States and we saw quite how isolated the
US is looking on the world stage uh
because the only uh country to uh you
might say back up the US was the United
Kingdom which abstained otherwise all
other members of the security Council
voted in favor of this resolution put
forward by Algeria on behalf of the Arab
Group which called for an immediate
humanitarian ceasefire in Gaza the
Algerian Ambassador really made a strong
case for his resolution uh you quoted
him he also said that you know failing
to uh back this resolution was agreeing
to uh uh to the starvation of
Palestinians in the Gaza Strip uh so uh
we are seeing the US looking
increasingly isolated here uh we also
heard some very strong words from the
Russian Ambassador and the Chinese
Ambassador the Russian Ambassador said
look now we have almost 30,000
Palestinians uh Dead uh and time is
really of the essence if uh the security
C had passed the resolution that Russia
put forward uh shortly after the start
of the war when only 1,000 Palestinians
were dead then all of those thousands of
lives could have been saved he said and
the Chinese Ambassador also expressed
his strong disappointment at the fact
that this text did not pass and uh he uh
said uh that really uh this was giving a
green light to the continued Slaughter
now I must point out that the United
States has prepared its own resolution a
rival resolution and for the first time
it includes the word ceasefire but uh I
must emphasize that it does not call for
an immediate ceasefire it calls for the
conditions to be right beforehand and at
the moment uh this text is still in
circulation it needs to be negotiated
and it's not clear if or when it would
come to a vote okay well thank you very
much indeed for bringing us all the
latest there from the UN headquarters in
New York Jessica thank you very much
indeed