[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
ni
[Music]
here
[Music]
on the call today President Biden asked
the prime minister to send a senior
inter agency team composed of military
intelligence and humanitarian officials
to Washington in the coming days to hear
us concerns about Israel's current Rafa
planning and to lay out an alternative
approach that would Target key Hamas
elements in Rafa and and secure the
Egypt Gaza border without a major ground
Invasion the Prime Minister agreed that
he would send a team obviously he has
his own point of view on a RAF operation
but he agreed that he would send a team
to Washington to have this discussion
and have this engagement and we look
forward to those
[Music]
discussions
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I don't think we are at a moment now
where we can say that we are close to uh
to a deal we are as I said we are
cautiously optimistic because the talks
have resumed and that is a good thing
and we hope that that continues and we
hope to build upon uh that in the coming
uh days but it's still too early uh to
uh to announce any any
[Music]
successes
first of all to uh put you all at uh at
ease he has left Doha according to the
information I I have and the technical
teams are still meeting here in uh uh in
[Music]
DOA
[Music]
I hear that uh uh we that the Kat say
that uh it has been denied just because
we have not filled the right form or at
least that was public explanation but be
reassured that all the member of my
delegation were authorized to enter
except the commissioner General since
October 7th I have been four times in
Gaza so this would have been my fifth
VIs visit but it would have been my
first visit after the uh after the
allegation of the 12 staff have been uh
made
[Music]
public
[Music]