day for the 2019 tutor world
championships was a day a first for
Israel in France at the Nippon Budokan
Israel's men team have been knocking on
the door world championships goal for
decades could saggy mookie become the
first of a man to win a world title for
his role he was a cut above the rest
cruising his way through the early
rounds with an incredible display of
judo the world number two state cool
calm and collected in the semi-final
winning by a Weser re and putting him in
line for a clash with Belgians Matthias
Casa in the final history beckoned McKee
was just too powerful for Cassie
countering the Belgian for a we're sorry
before securing the win in the following
exchange with a perfectly tine sir Nagi
it was fast it was beautiful it was
history he was awarded his medal by mr.
Rafael chile president of the global
association of international sports
federations his relative world champion
from the men's my coach was the silver
medal in tokyo also 1995 and the owens
maha and i'm so happy that i moved in
now in worship and the first world
champion man for Israel so it's very
special moment not only for me also for
my country and I'm so glad that I exist
today good Clarice Eichmann an early set
a record for France by becoming their
first woman to win four world titles the
answer was a resounding yes the final
was a rematch of last year's World Final
she faced home Hiromi Kota Shiro these
two rivals on the mat a friends off it
but I've been a new Seto moment after
over 10 minutes and the two embraced at
the end of an epic contest
Sean Lee crews are Jeff general
secretary and president to the French
judo Federation presented her medal
I'm so happy and I'm happy about this
day because yeah for everybody when you
see me if I think like that in the
morning like in the first a part of the
day you can see that is easy but
mentally is not and I knew that in the
semi-final and finite will be more hard
but for me it was like I said some fuel
to the for the final semi-final but this
banner was crazy really crazy and I'm
happy to fight with Tameka because this
opening is really really I would say it
best also so I will say thank you to her
move that I came from the outgoing world
champion side malai this unique category
myrrh is trademark technique rarely seen
in judo