as we mentioned Ottawa working to get
Canadians out of Israel by the end of
the week but the decision to leave it's
not simple Jeff Glickman is a Canadian
Israeli who's been living in Israel for
17 years he spoke with us earlier from
his home in Holan Israel as he explains
it's a stressful time for his family my
children spend 99.9% of their time in
our bomb room they come out to go to the
bathroom to eat and to shower when we
tell them to other than that that's it
is we're we're really lucky to have a
bomb room like super lucky last night I
could not sleep at all um so in the
middle of the night I stumbled onto my
balcony um we are a rooftop uh I'm a
penthouse unit in my building so I have
full visibility I live in kulon so just
south of me is ashod just south of them
is ashalon and they're getting hit very
very very
hard so I sat on my balcony and I just
saw a Thora of helicopters going from
north to south from north to south from
north to south a drone of fighter jets
in the air and just booms in the
background as our Iron Dome was hitting
down hamas's missiles like boom boom
boom boom it's a very difficult thing so
where we are today we're just happy to
be at home we're lucky and I just want
to keep my kids sane and well adjusted
I'm hoping that there will be a couple
of days of
lull um this won't sound good but I mean
it I hope we hit them really hard for a
couple of days and they just don't
respond and Air Canada resumes its
flights for a couple of days and I can
take my kids home to
my to quiet and serenity to see my
parents um but I am as I'm Canadian to
the core like I'm as Canadian as it gets
I didn't leave there because I don't
love the place
okay I'm Israeli um so there's a part of
me that doesn't want to leave and
there's a part of me that for my
children I feel like I have to leave I
only found out about these flights from
a can from my sister-in-law actually my
brother's wife two hours ago I received
nothing I've heard nothing and when I
hear that there's so many people who
have registered I don't have a link I
don't have any Consciousness to this and
um I think that's a
fail Jeff Glickman is a Canadian Israeli
who's been living in Israel for 17 years
he spoke with us from halan Israel