and there are very sketchy details as of
now we'll of course continue to keep a
very close eye on those developments for
the moment I'm also going to bring in uh
my colleague our managing editor gorov
Savant into this conversation gorov
first of all the Army did they not see
this coming secondly what has led to
this sudden
escalation so the army of course was
caught off guard there's another reason
for it there have been a series of
protests that are taking place uh in
Israel uh several reservists had said
you they will not rejoin service and
protests were happening so you know
Israel is going was going through a
quite a situation uh but this was
unprecedented an attack of this scale by
terrorists has never happened in in the
history of Israel the manner in which
5,000 Rockets are fired the manner in
which multiple we've had 12611 this this
would be equivalent to multiple 2611
happening simultaneously in Israel some
of the images that we've seen are are
actually horrifying too horrifying to be
put on air the manner in which Israeli
civilians are being targeted by by
terrorists the way they infiltrated you
know what's actually what defies logic
i' I've reported from on ground in
Israel and they have not only amongst
the best intelligence systems they also
have eyes across the fence and they were
caught napping they were caught napping
completely the manner in which vehicles
have come in banging through the
security gates breaking through the
security G Gates firing indiscriminately
in the streets starting from the south
now moving towards Tel Aviv also
targeting Jerusalem this is extremely
alarming uh the situation on ground and
sincerely hope it's brought under
control as quickly as possible the
retribution that you know both our
guests were talking about that indeed
would be swift but you know it it may
just lead to another Spiral of violence
uh but as our guests were pointing out
Whoever has been involved in the
planning of this massive multi-prong
defensive on Israel um there there would
there would have to be consequences and
this the apprehension is it would lead
to Major escalation in the days and
weeks ahead