the ongoing Israel hamus war has
triggered resignations of some Israeli
ministers two ministers have resigned
from the government since the War Began
while there are reports that more are
mulling to resign to put pressure on the
Netanyahu government Israel's Deputy
Finance Minister announced her
resignation from Israeli government on
Thursday this she said was done in order
to divert her office's budget and
resources to assist in the war against
hamus and also to free up her own time
to visit and Aid those traumatized by
the Hamas
attacks while the first to resign from
the government am mid war was Israel's
public diplomacy Minister she did so as
she said that her Ministry had become a
waste of public funds with no
justification for its existence she said
amid the ongoing War her Ministry has
been stripped of already limited powers
her decision comes after the Israeli
government earlier this week empowered
the diaspora Affairs Ministry to oversee
Israel's International public diplomacy
efforts alongside the foreign
Ministry while there are reports in
Israeli media that ministers are
considering resigning to pressure prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu to take
responsibility for the crossborder
attack by Hamas into the Israeli border
towns though Israel politicians have
sworn Unity amid the war all of these
reports certainly highlight the negative
impact of War on Israel's domestic
politics Israel's main opposition leader
y leid has meanwhile attacked the ruling
government for inadequate delivery of
services to Citizens he has criticized
how the government has not been able to
emerge from the shock 20 days after the
humus attack the PID has presented an
eight-part plan on Thursday for the
government to follow to better care for
civilians affected by the war this
includes measures for better
communication with its citizens
assistance for the evacuees support for
small and medium-sized businesses as
well as mental health care for all
ages from what's called just just above
Detroit how does
next
[Music]
to