Iris huggi lato spoke from her home in
Singapore about the last time she was in
touch with her parents it was during the
surprise attack by Hamas since then Iris
has received some information indicating
the couple may have been taken hostage
they live in kibuts near o it's on the
Gaza Strip I see on my phone on the news
that there's a red alert Red Alert means
that they need to look for a bomb
shelter Iris sent a concerned message
via WhatsApp to her mother we are
outside face down in the field she
replied we see tons of rockets Iris
asked how far are you from home 2 kilom
answered her mother my friend told us at
the group chat that the kibot is full of
terrorists and that they're walking in
door too killing people burning children
a day later Ira said she spoke with
paramedics and she said that both of my
parents were shot by terrorists on on a
motorcycle and that my dad is very
severely wounded that she was all right
and that they need medical help on
Sunday the Israeli Consulate in Toronto
posted the couple was ambushed and
kidnapped to Gaza during their daily
peaceful morning walk last week foreign
affairs minister Melanie Jolie explained
why she would not confirm any hostages
why because we don't want to
increase uh the value of that person in
the eyes of their tyrants Judy Weinstein
hoggi was born in the US but raised in
Toronto she'd been living with her
husband God in is real on her YouTube
channel she posted videos like this one
this is Judy from near o leading
meditation exercises or reading a haiku
while her daughter cannot be certain her
parents were kidnapped she said she
received this information from the
Israeli government that they think my
parents are kidnapped but only because
they found uh their location of their
phone in Gaza last May Judy posted a
video signing off with this message and
I truly hope that the next time I'm
recording some ha coup it won't be under
duress under rocket fire under
conditions
where people are at War iris is holding
out hope but call this an ongoing
nightmare especially as more days pass
with no
update