[Applause]
family has been battling to keep their
house since 1975.
Tuesday Israeli soldiers forcibly
removed them to a law for Jewish
settlers to move in
[Music]
after the evacuation Nola Gates and her
husband
had to move in with their son
notice as the many years of uncertainty
made her sick with worry
it's the anxiety that brought me to
Psychiatry every two or three days I
used to go to the emergency room and my
heart was beating rapidly and I couldn't
breathe I have a phobia this phobia came
from constant anxiety when I sleep at
home and every time there's a knock on
the door I feel like they're coming to
take over the house and this matter is
the cause of constant anxiety
psychological State tension and
instability in my life
the family has been renting the house
since 1953 when Jordan ruled the area
they were granted protected Lee's rights
when Israel occupied the East part of
Jerusalem it assumed control of the
property and transferred the ownership
to a settler group
in June this year an Israeli Court
decided a family could be expelled at
any time the subleans were just one
among many Palestinian families living
in fear of eviction in occupied East
Jerusalem according to Human Rights
organizations there are 150 families in
The Old City whose Tendencies are under
threat and in other neighborhoods like
shechterra and Silvan many more share
the same fate
some activists say Israel is imposing a
system of appetite
even if they were real Jewish properties
there should be one law that serves
everyone and this law enables the
sub-laban family for example or others
to recover their properties located
within the green line Jerusalem or in
the rest of the Palestinian cities whose
residents were displaced and their
property seized this is the Israeli
apartheid system which we always say is
trying to Market to the world that is
democratic
Nora has finally lost what she was
afraid of losing for such a long time
now in her son's house instead of fear
she lives in hope that someday she might
return Mustafa fatiho's theater World
occupied is Jerusalem
[Music]