well covering the conflict for us in
Israel today is our senior reporter
Katherine Norris Trent she's currently
in the city of Tel Aviv and she joins me
on the program Catherine um let's talk
about the ground war in Gaza if we can
the Israeli Army isn't releasing a lot
of details about what it's doing but it
does say its soldiers are approaching
Gaza City what can you tell
us that's correct the Israeli my is
keeping most operational details of its
military offensive in Gaza under WS uh
International journalists do not have
access there um but what they are saying
a spokesman for the IDF said that they
have broken through hamas's first line
of defense and another commander in the
field in Gaza uh has said that they are
on the outskirts of Gaza City we know
that there have been a number of Israeli
casualties so far including 11 Israeli
soldiers killed killed in one missile
strike on an armored vehicle there they
say that this campaign is long and
proving difficult this is what various
political leaders including Benyamin
Netanyahu have said um they've also uh
we're getting uh from our sources in
Gaza talk of another strike on the jabal
jabalia area of Northern Gaza there that
densely populated area which has seen
strikes in the past two days as well so
clearly the situation there extremely
difficult for the civilians remaining
there the Israeli Army has been calling
on them to move South uh towards the
south of the Gaza Strip saying that the
north of the Gaza Strip is a war zone um
but the UN and other Aid organizations
operating within Gaza say that there is
no safe place within Gaza and that the
strikes are continuing in the South as
well so a dire
humanitarian uh and security situation
for for people there