now ever since the Hamas Israel Crisis
began civilians on both sides continue
to suffer the Palestinians have been
suffering tremendously because of the
blockade the Israelis remember suffered
brutalities at the hands of the Hamas
militants many families are still
awaiting news of their loved ones but
people in Gaza are going through a
humanitarian crisis of proportions that
we've not witnessed in years ever since
Israel Ved to destroy and crush the
militants it has imposed a complete
blockade of the narrow strip now we know
that thousands have been fleeing towards
the south after Israel gave a 6-hour
window for people to escape this came
after Israel gave a 24-hour deadline for
the Gaza residents but let us understand
as to what's happening on the ground
Israel has continued with its Relentless
attacks on the Gaza Strip world leaders
of Earth were restrained they've been
asking Israel to provide a humanitarian
Corridor to let some Aid trickle into
Gaza but on the ground it is people who
are suffering situation in the Gaza
Strip remains very dire innocent
civilians who had no role to play in the
war have been cut off from critical
supplies the region has been running AB
basally low on food water medicines and
electricity the city's only Power Plant
had run out of fuel earlier children
women elderly have become the victims of
this Israeli aggression hospitals have
been overwhelmed and over 2,200 people
have lost their lives this includes at
least 700 Young children who been
murdered in this campaign by Israel to
raid Gaza at least 10,000 people have
been wounded out of this What proportion
would be Hamas militants is a big
[Music]
question now look at these visuals where
buildings have been completely reduced
to Rubble there is death destruction and
dust all over the city the city reeks of
the smell of gunpowder because of the
explosions of these Israeli bombs
schools hospitals and even refugee camps
and mosques and G buildings have all
come under Israeli
bombardment
is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move