[Music]
add
[Music]
hello hello
hello well folks please take a seat if
you have one today uh thanks to concered
American
leadership we're in a situation where
safe passage for wounded Palestinians
and foreign Nationals to exas Gaza has
started the American citizens are able
exit today as part of the first group of
probably over a thousand will see more
of this process going on in the coming
days working nonstop to get Americans
out of Gaza as soon and as safely as is
possible this is a result of intense and
Urgent American diplomacy with our
partners in the region I personally
spent a lot of time speaking with the
Prime Minister Netanyahu of Israel and
the president CeCe of Egypt and others
to make sure that we could open this
access for people to get out I want to
thank our partners in the region and
particularly cutter who worked so
closely with us to support negotiations
to to facilitate the departure of these
citizens at the same time we're
continuing working to significantly step
up the flow of critical humanitarian
assistance in the Gaza the number of
trucks entering Gaza continues to
increase significantly but we still have
a long way to go the United States is
going to continue to drive humanitarian
support for innocent people in Gaza who
need help and they do need help we're
going to continue to affirm that Israel
has the right to and responsibility to
defend its citizens some Terror and it
needs to do so in a manner that
consistent with International and
humanitarian law that prioritizes
protection of citizens we've all seen
the devastating images from Gaza
Palestinian children crying out for lost
parents parents reasoning and writing
their children's names on their hands
and legs and to be identified the worst
happens the loss of every every innocent
life is a tragedy we grieve for those
deaths and continue to grieve for the
Israeli children and mothers who
brutally slaughtered by Hamas terrorists
and also continue to hold in our hearts
the hundreds of families and loved ones
including small children and elderly
grandparents including American citizens
being held hostage my Administration
continues to work around the clock to
reunite those families we're not going
to give up period I'm not going to give
up
yeah
e
r r
of
[Music]
Al
yeah
Lord
I want to
[Music]
have
[Music]
for