in the south of Gaza the place
Palestinians were told to go for their
own safety Israeli shelling killed 16
including nine children according to the
Gaza Health
Ministry where is international law
there is no law says the uncle of one of
the
Dead nearby the Palestinian red Cresent
said one of its buildings was hit
injuring seven more it's in the same
place where Israel says it discovered a
network of Hamas tunnels adding more
fuel to its Relentless military campaign
we'll apply maximum power with maximum
Precision everywhere that's
needed that promise extends Beyond
Israel's borders in Beirut funerals for
three senior Hamas officials took place
Thursday the men were killed in a
suspected Israeli air
strike hamas's Ally in the region
Hezbollah has vowed Revenge raising the
risk of a second front and a War the
fact is there are a lot of people who
are at the edge of doing something very
violent and with all those troops with
all those guns pointed at each other we
could stumble into a war in the Middle
East that is the fear of Israel's
closest Ally the United States which
dispatched its Secretary of State to the
region for a fourth time Anthony blinkin
is expected to push for calm and for
more Aid to gaza's besieged civilians
without explicitly calling on Israel to
stand down we want to see them do more
to reduce the impact on the civilian
population and to and to protect
innocent lives they believe that they
still have a viable Threat by Hamas that
the Israeli people are still under a
threat by Hamas in this increasingly
tense moment some Israeli government
hardliners have suggested removing
Palestinians from Gaza entirely
statements decried as irresponsible by
the
US those words are fueling more anger in
a region already on the brink Jackson
prco Global News Washington