these children have lived through War
most of their lives they have been
evacuated from Gaza to Turkey where they
will be treated for their critical
conditions four out of 23 patients they
arrive today are oncology patients the
majority of them are children and
teenagers and the youngest is a
seven-month-old baby many are Orthopedic
patients with fractures one of them has
eyee trauma the US has said the Gaza
Strip is the world's most dangerous
place to be a child and unprecedented
40% of deaths in Gaza have been children
patients in Gaza are not able to receive
any medical assistance as all the health
infrastructure has been destroyed by
Israeli attacks this military plane
behind me is the third to bring critical
patients to Turkey but this one has a
different significance as most of them
are babies and children they will
receive treatment in different City
hospitals here in Ankara with this new
group of people arriving to Turkey anara
is stepping up its efforts for Urgent
assistance to
Gaza our efforts to deliver humanitarian
Aid to our gazen brothers continue so
far in coordination with our Egyptian
Brothers we delivered 12 planes and one
ship loaded with eight supplies to Elish
a second ship with 1,500 tons of
humanitarian Aid is leaving today we
bring wounded to Tura especially
children and cancer patients to take
care of their treatment a location
assessment for a field hospital that we
will build in Gaza continues we've
mostly completed evacuating our citizens
in
Gaza since Israel launched its attack on
Gaza anara says it's ready to provide
full support for Urgent assistance in
the besieged
enclave and until a permanent ceasefire
is reached these people will need all
the help the International Community can
provide Asad Bash
T BT
[Music]
anara