hamas's October 7th attack on Israel has
complicated Russian policy in the Middle
East the Kremlin has had cordial ties to
Hamas and Iran tan has provided Hamas
financial and material support but Putin
has also cultivated close ties with
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin nyaho
Russian TV presenter Vladimir salvio
whom the US state department has called
a Russian propagandist said he cannot
sympathize with quote Palestine adding
one can not fight for the righteous
cause with unlawful means since hamas's
attack on Israel Russian State media has
been caught between competing
geopolitical alliances says Kenia
kurilova an investigative journalist and
analyst with the Jamestown
Foundation since they are fighting
Nazism in Ukraine they need to involve
loyal Jews in that so they need Israelis
to strengthen their idea about Nazis in
Ukraine
but we know they would never radically
condemn Hamas and other such groups
because yes they are Russia's allies
Kila says Russian State media has
consistently accused the US of ignoring
un resolutions recognizing the
Palestinian people's right to an
independent state and claimed that has
made violence inevitable so kirillova
says the primary Russian State media
narrative is that the US harmed both
Israel and Moscow and Russia needs to be
brought back into the regional
peacekeeping process Russia also
welcomes the distraction from Ukraine
says
kirilova the main narrative is happiness
over Ukraine receiving less attention in
the near future on top of that the state
media insists American Military arsenals
are stretched fairly thin and the
country won't be able to help Israel and
Ukraine equally and that might lead to a
rift inside the
US
yet both the US and Europe have
reassured Ukraine the aid would keep
coming Kila says Russian propaganda is
focused on creating the sense that Wars
are raging everywhere and it's the
West's
fault they want to show how
International institutions are dead and
it's America's fault the US failed to
keep the world at peace and they are to
blame for starting
conflicts Russian State media couldn't
resist picking at Russians who after
Russia invaded Ukraine left their home
country for Israel State tv channels
have even advis these people to arm
themselves and go protect their new
motherland CIA trova for VA news
Washington