finally they are back on Thai soil 17
hostages looking subdued and exhausted
adjusting to Freedom under an intense
Spotlight we saw the emotional moment
when you met some of the hostages what
have you learned about their experiences
in captivity and how has that affected
you
emotionally
the emotion that I was feeling has been
in my mind for the past two months the
uncertainty of what they must be going
through what they had to deal with how
their families were
feeling after nearly two months of
captivity this was a return to a country
35-year-old yo hasn't seen for more than
4
years in northeastern Thailand the final
stop Yo's 8-year-old daughter and mother
full of
joy this the moment yo calls a
miracle this feeling to be back with
your family to be safe again what is it
like it's something that I've been
waiting for for so long I'm so delighted
I'm so glad it's like I died and I've
been
reborn did you ever think that you'd
come to this day no I did not think this
day would come I'm very lucky that I got
to come back I didn't think that it
would happen but deep down inside I hope
it would what kind of conditions we
living in they gave us food and water
once a day they treated us as
well I was asked not to talk about it
there are still images that stick in my
head we were captured together but then
we were kept separately I didn't know
where he was are you angry with
Hamas in Hamas there are both good
people and bad
people the good treated me well gave me
food so I could survive
they look after us but there are also
the bad people that put me in that
situation do you think you'll ever
return Yes I want to go back if there is
a chance I would I don't want to think
about the situation but I love everybody
there I wish that these two Nations
could love each other that there will be
no more
war you're not
[Music]
at home in
kongen there is now some
peace Elation
too there is also a lot of trauma so
much
unsaid it is here though where yo feels
she can start to heal Cordelia Lynch Sky
News con
Thailand and