as Netanyahu doubles down on his calls
for total victory in the Gaza Strip
there have been reports of growing riffs
both within the Israeli government and
Israeli Society itself in the meantime
International diplomacy is still
underway both EU and US diplomats hard
at work looking at ways to bring peace
to the region today EU foreign ministers
are meeting in Brussels as Pier benaz
reports they have been trying to uh
convene such a meeting uh far before far
before the uh October 7th attacks uh you
know there was this uh Peace Day effort
that the Europeans launched in the
margins of the UN General Assembly that
was in September of 23 uh in in a an
effort to relaunch peace talks that were
all but at a stand still 30 years after
the outow Accord uh this um Peace plan
uh this e Peace Day effort uh was
culminating again in September last uh
at the UN General Assembly in order to
uh present both Israelis and
Palestinians with a sort of uh political
agreement that could lead uh to a uh
political stable uh situation in the uh
Middle East that is a peace plan which
uh the Europeans describe as uh no scks
but only carrot uh in order to present
them uh to present both parties with the
uh incentives needed uh for a uh stable
future with uh security uh guarantees
with uh financial support as well and
this all was to be built uh upon a um
Peace uh conference involving the three
countries that invited today that is
Jordan Saudi Arabia and Egypt under the
oaces of the UN and the um and the
league of Arab Nations uh also the US
invited as you said and this was
the sense of what the Europeans wanted
to do and they managed to have a
confirmation from all six
Representatives that is also from the
Israeli side Israel cast foreign
minister and the Palestinian Authority n
Al Maliki what the Europeans want to
present them with is a future without
the Hamas in the picture a stable States
for palestinia a stable state for Israel
and that's what they are trying to uh
sell them in a way today they're going
to have a conference with the three uh
countries Saudi Arabia Egypt and Jordan
and then separately Israel and noral
Miki