Israel's parliament has passed a new law
to strip convicts of Israeli citizenship
if they receive funds from Palestinian
Authority for actions deemed as
terrorism the legislation also blocks
any future entry of convicts into the
country the knesset passed the bill with
94 votes in favor and 10 against in a
rare moment of political Unity the
legislation is an amendment to Israel's
1952 citizenship law
and applies to both Israeli citizens and
permanent residents who have been jailed
following a conviction for Terror and
other related offenses
foreign
[Applause]
that receives compensation from the
Palestinian Authority for committing an
act of terrorism the Palestinian
Authority gives stipends to a number of
families of prisoners however Israel
calls it a pay for slay policy that
encourages violence the law may affect
hundreds of East Jerusalem Palestinians
and dozens of Israeli citizens the
majority of the Palestinians living in
East Jerusalem hold Israeli residency
permits rather than citizenship under
the new legislation's Palestinians from
East Jerusalem who receives stipends
from the Palestinian Authority after
having been jailed in Israel for
security offenses can be deported to the
Palestinian territories one former
prisoners family said that their house
had been raided by Israeli authorities
foreign
[Music]
foreign
who was deported in December Palestinian
foreign Ministry has described this law
as the ugliest form of racism
Palestinian prisoners family committee
has called it unjust and unfair
the israeli-palestinian conflict has
claimed the lives of at least 46
Palestinians nine Israeli civilians and
one Ukrainian woman since the beginning
of the year
Beyond is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move