Shalom guys I'm here with my wife India
and we are right now speaking to you
from our uh local bomb shelter that we
had to run to uh a few times in the past
24
[Music]
hours
[Music]
n
[Music]
[Music]
we woke up from the rocket sirens and
had to run to the bomb shelter as we
were in the bomb shelter this day
several times a day uh we heard
explosions above our heads now just for
you to get an understanding these
explosions are rockets that Were Meant
to hit us civilians that were uh
intercepted by the iron do but of course
not all Rockets are intercepted we have
seen a few direct hits um and there is
an oldtime um like unprecedented war
that we are seeing right now developing
a lot of people are being called into uh
the Army reserve duty as 200 civilians
were murdered and um over a thousand are
wounded and that's when you know in the
moment that we are filming this video so
this number is already not updated um so
I just want to ask you to keep Israel in
your prayers and it's it's just
heartbreaking to see all these uh photos
that we are seeing families are looking
for their loved ones that um went
missing because Hamas had also kidnapped
um a lot of Israeli civilians including
soldiers um to control over military
bases I can speak for myself as an
immigrant here in Israel but I think I
can speak for everyone in Israel that
we've never seen such a situation like
this with the hostages and just the
graphic images that aren't even being
able to be shared on the news because
they're just so graphic and and the
first thing that I that I thought of
when I saw some of these images was the
Holocaust I saw images that I wish I
could erase from my brain images of of
bodies of Israelis butchered piled up on
each other things that I thought I would
never see
today