[Applause]
one conflict to another the European
union says starvation is being used as a
weapon of war in Gaza this was echoed by
the eu's foreign policy Chief yep Boro
who described the lack of Aid entering
the territory as a man made disaster he
was addressing the UN Security Council
in New York Mr borell said the
humanitarian crisis in Gaza was as a
result of a lack of viable land routs
it's call for humanitarian assistance to
get into Gaza as the population is
fighting for their own Survival adding
that the European Union is working as
much as possible to make critical AIDS
flow in the quickest most effective way
to get Aid into the territory is by road
but Aid agencies say Israeli
restrictions mean a fraction of what is
needed is getting
in and for the first time in 3 weeks the
United Nations has announced a new land
route which will be used to deliver food
to Northern Gaza it comes as Israeli
military said SE lores from the world
food program crossed via a gate in the
Gaza border fence on Tuesday the United
Nations said the wfp Convoy was able to
use an Israeli military Road that runs
along the Gaza board fence to reach the
North and deliver enough food for 25,000
people to Gaza City a boat carrying 200
tons of food aid for distribution by a
charity also set sail from Cyprus on
Tuesday inauguration a new Maritime
Corridor into the Palestinian territory
it's expected to arrive near Gaza
tomorrow oh for world the food and
agriculture organization is calling for
Urgent action to support the people of
Gaza amid the risk of famine its
director General Chu dongu welcomed the
Italy Le initiative launched to
coordinate the response the humanitarian
assistance in Gaza the initiative dued
food for Gaza aims to address the
recovering efforts in Gaza in view of
the the deteriorating food insecurity
and to help farmers with emergency
agricultural aid for food
production
I come here to support the minister Tani
and his efforts esta working group and
at I think F we we do pass the year 157
days Tri best to get all accessible to
there so it's really devastating
situation D situation so we should work
together
immediately
I'm