we don't know anything about Ki when I
left him Ki was left alone and we know
nothing we don't know if he's alive we
don't know if he's
dead it's
hard do you believe it we need to get
them out and hopefully they just opened
the door we were sitting there in our
pajamas and they just took us and while
they took us in a very brutal way they
pushed Keith and they broke his ribs and
they shot around us and one of the
bullets hit his
hand
I went through hell 51 days I didn't
have any human rights when I was there I
was starved I was thirsty I was I was
supposed to keep quiet for nearly 51
days they didn't let us talk we weren't
allowed to
stand and when I came back I could
hardly walk it took me a month before I
could eat a decent plate of
food it's been very difficult I was in a
shock for 51 days the way that I was
treated wasn't human and I was scared
all the time all the time I did not
[Music]
sleep thought that we going to die every
minute I was there
for very difficult while he stepped out
of the shower and said that he feels so
embarrassed I wish and I I was surprised
I was shocked and they wouldn't let me
say goodbye to Keith and I just moved
him with my hand and I said I'm going to
Keith and I went to Keith and I gave him
a hug and I told him to be strong for me
and that I'll be strong for him not
knowing what's going to happen
if I'm going to live or he's going to
die or if we'll ever see each other
again this is Keith Taken 3 weeks before
we were kidnapped so our stuff goes to
okay newers you need to I want
peace most of the world wants peace and
it'll be good for them if they'll have
peace because people live
once and we want Keith and all the
hostages
alive and the world needs to be a better
life
world