as Israel's Air Raids in Gaza continue
the IDF Chief has reiterated that the
military is ready for a ground Invasion
signaling that the soldiers are waiting
for a go ahead from the
administration the IDF and the southern
command are preparing high quality
attack plans to achieve the goals of the
war I want to make this clear the IDF is
ready for ground operations and will
take a decision together with the
political Echelon regarding a manner and
timing of the next
stage
early on Tuesday Israel's prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu was seen visiting and
speaking to Israeli soldiers of an elite
engineering unit stationed near the
border with a Gaza
Strip we facing the next stage it is on
its way you know it you are a part of it
you are a part of the spearhead I have
enormous appreciation for what you know
how to do your fighting Spirit your
willingness to save our country from
these animals and I'm sure we will
succeed Ed in this we have only one task
to crush Hamas crush it we won't stop
until we get it done with your help I
trust you the people of Israel trust you
I'm proud of you and I salute
you meanwhile Israel's strongest Ally
the US has asked the country to exercise
some caution reports revealed that the
Biden administration had advised the
netan who led government to delay its
ground Invasion plan Washington has made
this request to allow time for for the
release of hostages and send shipment of
Aid into Gaza as a grave humanitarian
crisis continues to unfold in Gaza
however several leaders from Israel's
Administration including energy Minister
Israel
Kaz have said that the country will not
hold off a possible ground invasion of
Gaza over the issue of captives being
held by
Hamas weon is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the move
[Music]