it's the end of the school day in kibot
Samir and avad is taking his son itai
back home they evacuated last October
but after 5 weeks the family decided to
return here it's written nursery for now
it's a nursery in a bomb shelter it's
only
[Music]
temporary he says he isn't scared but he
can't go to the bathroom by himself
anymore someone has to go with
him avad his wife and five children were
never given mandatory evacuation orders
but 10 km from the border the sound of
sirens punctuates their daily lives and
they leave the kibuts as little as
possible if I want to buy bread for the
Sabbath it means I have to take a risk
should I go to Kat Shimona or not should
I buy bread or not this whole situation
is completely
surreal whilst much of Israel votes in
Municipal elections here they've been
delayed for the third time since October
yam event tuur an elected official says
it was
inevitable we can't hold elections in
regions where people have been
evacuated now region some of the kots
that sit right on the border have been
evacuated but we're still here we've
been here since October the 7th and we
feel
abandoned reminders of of war and never
too far away on a nearby Farm Maxim
shows us a corrugated iron roof
punctured by shrapnel from a missile in
2006 when Israel invaded Southern
Lebanon those are the remnants it wasn't
caused by rust it was caused by
shrapnell when the missile landed it
sent shrapnell
everywhere with each passing day we
count ourselves lucky that it hasn't
happen
again
at least five civilians have been killed
by Hezbollah strikes in Northern Israel
since October the figure is 10 times
higher across the border in southern
Lebanon where Israeli strikes have
killed at least 50
civilians