tonight from Israel a member of the
Israeli War cabinet saying the release
of the hostages should come before the
killing of the enemy he's now calling
for new elections for a new leader and
tonight here we hear the harrowing story
of a young son held hostage by Hamas
freed but his father still being held
Matt Gutman is in
Israel tonight if 13-year-old yagil
Yakov fears for his father's life that's
because he knows what he's going through
yil himself had been a hostage in Gaza
for over 50 days until he was released
in November on October 7th entire
families were carded into Gaza yagil his
brother his father yair and stepmother
all taken his mother ran a KN on the
phone with her boys when they were
kidnapped hearing everything the last
thing I heard him say on the phone when
the phone was still on was you contact
me I'm too young eil says they marched
him
out he says they took me out with a
knife held to my throat and I was in my
boxers they put me on a motorcycle for
30 days he was held Alone by a family in
Gaza and at one point the Islamic Jihad
produced a proof of Life video of him he
says I hope that I come back as soon as
possible just before yil was released he
reunited with his stepmother and his
brother what was it like to see your
brother again after 52
days crazy the two walking hand in hand
to the Red Cross but the boy's father
yir who was wounded on October 7th still
being held we want these people to get
back home alive
and David that Israeli War cabinet
minister you mentioned whose son was
killed in the fighting now openly
criticizing Netanyahu saying Hamas is
not going to be defeated that the only
way to bring the hostages back home is
through a deal with Hamas and when asked
by an interviewer whether the Israeli
public was being misled by uh the
Israeli government he said yes David
yeah that made immediate news overnight
in Israel Matt Gman tonight Matt thank
you hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching