Israeli Prime Minister Benin Nano
threatened Hezbollah that beay will turn
into Gaza if it attacks Israel now the
warning came as at least 350
Palestinians were reportedly killed in
the past 24 hours are
eore speaking to troops on Thursday
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu sent a Stern warning to
Hezbollah saying that if the Lebanese
militant group decides to initiate an
allout War war with Israel it will turn
Beirut into
Gaza if Hezbollah chooses to start an
allout War then it will by its own hand
turn Beirut and Southern Lebanon not far
from here into Gaza and Khan
yunice the warning from the Israeli
Prime Minister came hours after a guided
missile attack by Hezbollah killed a
60-year-old man in Northern Israel
according to gaza's health Ministry on
Thursday around 350 Palestinians were
killed in Israeli light attack attacks
in a 24-hour span with another 1900
injured it added that the cumulative
death tolls since the start of the armed
conflict has surpassed 177,000 with
46,000 injured meanwhile a Us official
said the US needs to strengthen its
missile defenses around the world due to
the wars in Ukraine and in the Middle
East as the burden on its limited
missile defense capabilities is
increasing according to CLA Gil the
deputy director for regional operations
and force management at a hearing of the
house armed services committee's
strategic forces subcommittee on
Thursday growing geopolitical tensions
around the world are increasingly
burdening the US military's integrated
air and missile defense capabilities he
said commanders in each region continue
to request missile defense units but the
military cannot meet demand and is
struggling to strike a balance between
high priority regions and regions that
need missile defenses immediately
Thursday's hearing focused on how
missile defense systems such as the
terminal high altitude area defense and
Patriot missiles which are in high
demand worldwide but are limited in
quantity are being deployed by region
and its plans to secure assets also
mentioned was us defense missile
cooperation with allies like South Korea
and Japan isang
news