this is the akab jaab camp home to
11,000 Palestinian refugees akab jaab
sits right beside the Jordanian border
but most people here will never leave
although for people like Juma Samuri
that's not for a lack of trying all he
wanted to do was visit his Sick
Sister me and my two brothers wanted to
see her and at the Crossing they allowed
my two brothers but told me to wait I
waited for them for nearly 2
hours Juma never made it to Jordan
instead he says Israel turned him back
refusing to give him a reason he
believes it was an arbitrary decision
and a violation of his rights to
movement after all this is the only way
West Bank Palestinians can leave their
country in general the world is small
not just for me alone but for everyone
living in Palestine there is no freedom
of movement press work or even housing
from Rafa to jenin overall we feel
imprisoned just down the road dozens of
Palestinians arrive at the elcad border
crossing they must first pass
Palestinian security then Israeli if
Israel allows them to cross they'll move
on to the Jordanian border by the time
their Journey ends they'll have paid
around
$150 in fees to the three bodies but the
journey starts long before any border
crossing i' I've coming from from Janine
I to arrive Jericho have to bus around
four from 3 to 4 checkpoint sometime
each checkpoint you have to vot for 4
hours since October 7th border opening
hours have gone from 24/7 to around 5
hours Sunday through Friday and then of
course there's the
turnaways the issue of the return of
some citizens under security pretexts
from the Israeli side is an ongoing
matter dating back to the Israeli
occupation of the Palestinian
territories the issue has persisted and
undoubtedly has intensified since
October the 7th Israel cracking down on
international travel for Palestinians is
just the latest example of Israel
restricting freedom of movement for
Palestinians already severed off into
Gaza and the west bank and then areas a
b and c Palestinians are used to
containment but they say the Suffocation
is growing greater with each passing day
Priyanka naani trt worlds Jericho
occupied West
Bank