it's a standstill with grave
consequences Israel and Hamas continued
to trade blame over failed ceasefire
deals despite mediator efforts to secure
a truce before the Islamic holy month of
Ramadan by refusing to agree on a deal
to return the hostages Hamas is
preventing a humanitarian ceasefire and
continues to increase the suffering of
gaza's
population the Israeli Defense Force
claims the militant group is only
concerned with their own Survival while
Hamas says their be no compromise on
fundamental humanitarian
issues our top priority to reach a
prisoner exchange deal is the complete
commitment for the halt of aggression
against our people and an enemy
withdrawal providing relief to our
people the return of displaced
individuals and
reconstruction the recent talks in Cairo
have been mediated by the US Egypt and
Qatar and follow negotiations that have
been ongoing since January
mediators hopes appeared fueled last
week with a proposed deal that would
likely include a 40-day ceasefire in
exchange for the release of elderly sick
and female hostages in Phase 1 those
hopes appear to have since
waned last Tuesday US President Joe
Biden said that failure to achieve a
ceasefire before Ramadan could become
very very dangerous and that the deal
was in hamas's hands but reports suggest
that Hamas is seeking more certainty
after 112 Palestinians were killed when
Israeli troops opened fire on a crowd
seeking Aid ultimately they seek a full
withdrawal of Israeli forces from the
Gaza Strip but with no deal in sight
fears remain high that Israel will
follow through on its threat of a
military offensive into the southern
city of Rafa where some 1.5 million
Palestinians are currently seeking
safety