and a political storm is brewing in
israel with the bennet coalition
government on the brink of collapse
after israeli troops stormed the al-aqsa
mosque which have triggered protests at
the flashpoint jerusalem holy site which
is sacred to both muslims and jews the
incident has put public pressure on the
united arab list to quit the united arab
list or the iran has
it is more commonly known as and is the
first party drawn from the country's 21
percent arab minority to join the
israeli government
issued a statement on sunday saying if
the government continues to step against
the people of jerusalem we will resign
as a bloc the small but pivotal arab
party said it is suspending its
membership in the bennett administration
while also raising concern over the
handling of the violence at the al-aqsa
mosque it is one that the party will
consider officially resigning if things
did not change the latest move has put
the already rocking coalition government
under renewed pressure the government
lost its silver majority of the sliver
of majority in the parliament
earlier this month when a lawmaker from
the nationalist party
quit and said that she took the steps on
ideological grounds after she had a cl
after she had clashes with the health
minister over whether israeli hospitals
should enforce strict kosher regulations
during the upcoming passover holiday
her exit left bennett in control of 60
of the 120 seats in the israeli assembly
or as it is more commonly known as the
knesset
naphtali bennett has been spared any
imminent no confidence vote as the
assembly is in spring recess but the
latest spat has left the government
uncertain
the arab party's statement comes after
fresh clashes were reported at the
al-aqsa mosque which is known as the
temple mount of the jews the clashes on
sunday took the number of wounded to
more than 117 for the stoke tensions
at the time of jewish passover festival
is now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move