from now people are being forced out
from the buildings in Silver Haze
because it's really only been planting
explosives to the buildings and they
won't explode
the buildings and they want to demolish
the building by this way the demolition
of these a localized Palestinian was one
of the most pristine on structures in
occupied East Jerusalem normally is not
unusual
however this home is slated for
demolition food ahead and that a
neighborhood that straddles the Green
Line are located in the Palestinian or
soldier controlled area of the West
scientists one of the most important
part of the story because we're in the
army now militia the house that is
located in the president authority
control area this is again we offer a
code which I said which is really close
to the Sun a built in 2005's like they
say a base these houses must be
demolished the title I Court of Justice
of Israel has approved the demolition
orders of being occupied issues in
buildings that contain a total of some
100 Apartments under under this
jurisdiction right now people are being
forced out by civic army because it's
really army like planting explosives to
do buildings but people of course are
listening to go up and specialized
training army forcibly getting people
out of this building
ok fighting just shortly what will
happen to the residents if the village
is destroyed if the buildings in the
village is are destroyed buildings are
actually in the area that's why it is
legal longer be offered a code and but
it's very forcefully army that these are
illegal
houses because they are really close to
the Sun but instead before people
this building's not want to go out they
say that we go out and we monitor our
houses by our content we have no place
to go
they live in there we will live in the
street
[Music]