shifting our Focus to Israel which is
set to approve thousands of building
permits in the West Bank despite U.S
pressure to hold settlement expansion
that Washington sees as an obstacle to
peace with the Palestinians right as per
reports Israel has included its plans to
in its plans to approve over 4 500
housing units in various areas of the
West Bank although only over 1300 are up
for final approval the remaining the
remaining units are yet to undergo the
preliminary clearance process it also
amended a law to clear the way for
settlers to return to four settlements
that had previously been evacuated
now despite the U.S pressure to hold
settlement expansion Israel's National
Religious government tabled plans to
approve thousands of building permits in
West Bank which is the major bone of
contention between Israel and Palestine
and frequently Witnesses deadly armed
conflicts now according to Israel's
Finance Minister
the Netanyahu government will continue
developing the settlement and strengthen
the Israeli hold on the territory
smartrich's additional defense portfolio
gives him a leading role in the West
Bank administration now since entering
office in January prime minister
netanyahu's Coalition has approved more
than seven thousand new housing units
deep in the West Bank in response to
this decision the Palestinian Authority
has said that it would boycott the
upcoming meeting of the joint economic
committee with Israel Palestine
exercises Limited self-rule in parts of
the West Bank
now the Palestinian islamist group Hamas
which has ruled Gaza since 2007 after
Israel's withdrawal of soldiers and
settlers condemned the move saying it
will not give Israel legitimacy in the
region and will resist the move by all
means
while the Jewish settler groups have
welcomed the announcement Washington is
not very enthusiastic about the same as
it sees the plan as an obstacle to peace
between Israelis and Palestinians the
Israeli plans come after prime minister
Netanyahu delayed plans to advance the
highly controversial settlement project
amid U.S pressure being in one of the
most conflicted zones of the world the
inhabitation of the new built up area
could very well turn out to be the next
big challenge for the Netanyahu
government
[Music]