between Israel and Hamas qar foreign
minister has announced that a deal has
been reached upon to extend the Gaza
truce by two more days Hamas says that
the truce has been extended in agreement
with Qatar and Egypt as Israel had said
it would even open it was also open to
extending the pause and fighting in
exchange for release of more captives
held by the
Hamas
[Music]
[Music]
hours after the Palestinian foreign
minister called for extension of
ceasefire the Israel Hamas SE Seas fire
deal has been extended for another 2
days the ceasefire between Israel and
Hamas has been extended by two further
days the decision has been taken after
the active mediation of the Qatar and
Egypt both sides that is Israel and
Hamas have conveyed to the Qatar and
Egypt that they are Keen to carry
forward the ceasefire or the operational
pause what the ID of calls it the
decision was taken and conveyed to the
United States as well by both the sides
Hamas has also in a statement said that
the decision has been taken to extend
the truce by two days with the uh same
conditions that have been LED down for
The First Agreement important to mention
that in exchange of the 50 hostages of
Israel 150 Palestinians from the Jails
of
Israel Qatari Egyptian and US teams were
negotiating terms for an extension of a
4-day Israel Hamas truce
[Music]
this ceasefire has seen dozens of
hostages held by Hamas freed and more
than 100 Palestinian prisoners released
from Israeli jails in a swap
deal the pause which began Friday has
enabled humanitarian Aid to enter the
Gaza
Strip and comes as a sigh of relief for
civilians who continue to Bear the brunt
of Israel Hamas War
agency report Republic
TV now reiterating its pledge Israel has
clarified that it would resume its war
against Hamas after the ceasefire deal
this comes after air strikes continued
yesterday as well here's another
detailed report on the reaching Israel
himas
war the air strikes continued between
Israel and Hamas on the fourth day of
the ceasefire deal
smoke was seen rising from the Gaza
Strip through
Monday while Israel maintains that the
war will resume following hostage
release campaign to end Hamas and bring
our hostages home will resume
immediately with the end of the hostage
release pause I'm