in 2014
Israel bombed Gaza only powerful forcing
those in the strip to buy their
electricity from Israel and now
residents are only given 45 minutes of
electricity a day some describe this and
other embargoes as an ongoing massacre
of the Palestinian people
[Music]
over the last 12 years Gaza has been
ravaged by four wars including a civil
war countless embargoes and are
struggling for basic human rights here
are some of the reasons why huzza has
gotten this bad in 2005 Israel withdrew
from Gaza Israeli Prime Minister Ariel
Sharon claimed the withdrawal was to
increase the security of its residents
and to reduce friction between Israelis
and Palestinians hamas believed that
withdrawal was the result of Palestines
resistance to israeli occupation in 2006
Hamas took over after winning election
Hamas was victorious in the Palestinian
Legislative Council elections but
tensions with Fatih
a rival politician faction were
heightened 2007 conflict with deadly
clashes between Fatah and Hamas erupted
in Gaza after Hamas set up a rival
government and took control of the Gaza
Strip leaving fat only some areas of the
West Bank not under Israeli control at
least 100 people were killed in the
heavy fighting then Hamas gained
complete control of us
following Hamas as takeover of essa
Israel tighten the blockade of the Gaza
Strip placing pressure on the Hamas
administration Israel held Hamas
responsible for all the attacks coming
from the Gaza Strip
it carried out three major military
campaigns in Gaza Operation Cast Lead in
2008 operation pillar of Defense in 2012
and Operation protective edge in 2015
overall 91 Israelis died during these
operations while around 3000 662
Palestinians were killed including many
women in Jordan a recent UN report says
by 2020
Meza will become uninhabitable so is it
time for Israel to end the blockade