for all of the destruction in Gaza it is
this bombing in Beirut that could yet
expand the conflict across the Middle
East Hamas Deputy leader s Al aruri and
six others killed in a suspected Israeli
drone attack in lebanon's capital on
Tuesday it feels like an invasion of
Beirut an invasion of Lebanon says this
Resident aori was a key figure in the
alliance between Hamas and the
iran-backed Hezbollah group in Lebanon
both regarded as terrorist groups by
Canada and other
nations in a speech marking the
anniversary of the death of Iranian
Commander kasum Solani hisbah leader
Hassan nazala promised supporters that
there will be a response for the Beirut
attack Hezbollah and Israel have been
exchanging fire across the Israeli
Lebanon border since October 8th IDE
from his brother's point of view is to
have some limited military achievement
without drawing Israel into a into a
more full-blown War I mean retaliation
massive retaliation nasala warned Israel
against any larger attack on Lebanon he
says he will speak again on Friday it's
a dangerous game for both sides and at
no point they can calculate exactly how
the other side going to
Al hurri uh was a noted designated
Global terrorist and if he is in fact
dead nobody should be shedding a tear
over his loss the White House says
though it doesn't want U's killing to
spark any escalation neither does this
Israeli man whose father was taken by
Hamas fearing what it could mean for
hostage negotiations of course this will
not help it's only do the opposite but
some of those suffering the most in this
war have a different
take this displaced resident of Gaza
says that while aori is gone a million
others will take on his cause Redmond
Channon Global News London