what happened 8 days ago is one of the
most horrific
atrocities ever made in history of my
people what is the most important thing
that you can do and what we must do
right now is bring the hostages back
this is what every nation on planet
Earth should intervene not just Israelis
not just Jewish people they're holding
people from 36 countries from around the
world I'll do everything in my power
to have Israel
win
isra
[Music]
[Music]
I think first of all um me and everyone
I know know in Israel every civilian
every citizen of Israel is now
supporting the cause of first of all
bringing the hostages back we are doing
everything in our power to bring them
them back what happened 8 days ago is
one of the most horrific
atrocities ever made in history of my
people this is worrisome on so many
levels but what we're doing right now is
what is the most important thing that
you can do and what we must do right now
is bring the hostages back we are
supporting the Army we're taking care of
our army um we are in the middle of War
it's going to be even more bad for a lot
a lot of human lives but we are going to
Prevail we are getting ready and first
thing that we're doing is bringing our
hostages back do you think that Hamas
will release the
hostages I don't um I really hope so I
think that this is what every nation on
planet Earth should intervene and do
everything in their power to bring our
people back Kamas took people from other
36 countries around the globe they have
people not just Israelis not not just
Jewish people they're holding people
from 36 countries from around the world
the global Nations around the world
should unite to do everything in their
power to bring the hostages home and Ali
what's your appeal to the world leader
including
India what is my
appeal
um I'm requesting for everything I have
I'm requesting
for for the sake of humanity I think we
are
now you know in a in a very pivotal
point in
history this is going to be very simple
at the end of the day this is good
against evil and history will tell
whoever was on the good side and whoever
wasn't whoever was silent and whoever
did everything in their power to help
bring the people home