they come every day from the four
corners of the West Bank Palestinians
here to support the bitter ones of
channel amar after years of legal
battles Israel's Supreme Court has
authorized the demolition of this
village and I come from south of Nablus
I'm here today in solidarity with my
Palestinian brothers Noah if the
Israelis used their military power to
demolish it will rebuild it again we
will never give up this place because if
we do that means we give up our future
the Palestinians are making a stand for
this village because of its strategic
location it's the last obstacle stopping
Israel joined up to Jewish settlements
to create a Jewish belt dividing
Jerusalem from the West Bank
Palestinians say this would end their
dream of a Palestinian state with East
Jerusalem as its capital these few tents
are what's stopping the two Jewish
settlements being expanded and joined
together even though they barely protect
the better ones from the elements in an
amusement park
we're in the 21st century but as you can
see we have no shelter nowadays people
have reached the moon and soon Mars and
here we are on earth with no proper roof
or floor beneath our feet
she's definitely Israel's plan to
demolish the village has sparked
international outrage the latest
visitors to show their support a
delegation of three French senators with
the Consul General of France in
Jerusalem they disagree with the Israeli
Court ruling that the village was built
illegally apparently there's illegal
land everywhere except where there are
Jewish settlements so that's not true
Israel also has to account for illegal
Jewish settlements to rape on border to
slap the French delegation leaves but
several dozen locals stay the night they
plan to form a human shield when the
Israeli borders
arrived to demolish analyst Marc a long
way