as International alarm bells ring out
over Israel's ground advance in Northern
Gaza the who said it was developing
plans for immediate evacuation of the
remaining patients and staff 31
premature babies were evacuated from the
alifa hospital on Sunday and transferred
to hospitals in Egypt United Nations
team said that 291 patients were left at
gaza's largest hospital after is troops
had evacuated others now those left
included babies in extremely critical
condition trauma patients with severely
infected wounds and others with spinal
injuries who are unable to move on 18th
November a joint un humanitarian
assessment team led by wh accessed alifa
Hospital in Northern Gaza and they
described the facility as a death zone
due to time limits the team was only
able to spend one hour inside the
hospital and they assessed the situation
conducted a rapid situational analysis
and assessed medical priorities and
established logistical options for
further
missions according to the wh team the
alifa hospital is unable to function
like a medical facility due to scarcity
of clean water fuel medicine and other
Essentials now the team also reported
signs of shelling and gunfire and even
saw a mass grave at the entrance of the
hospital the mission was assisted by
Israel Defense Forces to ensure safe
passage along the agreed route earlier
the IDF had issued evacuation orders to
the remaining 2500 internally displaced
people seeking Refuge the wh and its
partners are developing plans for the
immediate evacuation of the remaining
patients staff and their families
additional missions are also being
arranged to urgently transport patients
from alifa to n Medical complex and
European Gaza Hospital in the south of
Gaza Hospital corridors cred with the
injured the sick the
[Music]
dying