an investigation is underway after a
video emerged in the uk showing senior
british government staff members joking
about holding a christmas party last
year during lockdown and today prime
minister boris johnson apologized for
that video but denied a party took place
i can understand
how infuriating it must be to think that
the people who have been setting the
rules have not been following the rules
mr speaker because i was also furious to
see that clip
johnson and his office have repeatedly
denied reports about the gathering or
that any lockdown rules were broken last
year
for more on this let's now bring in
ctv's paul workman standing by in london
paul good evening to you and good
morning of course here but
the prime minister there apologizing for
the video but continues to insist that
there was no christmas party talk to us
in detail about this controversy
well he's in a pretty serious fix and he
had a strategy this morning of apologize
and deny exactly right hoping that will
get him out of what is a very difficult
position
right now to try to win back the
confidence of the country because a lot
of people
are very upset that there might have
been a party last year when the entire
country was locked down when people
weren't even able to go to hospitals to
say goodbye to their dying loved ones so
it has really caught
public opinion in a very strong way here
johnson as you mentioned has called an
investigation internal an internal
investigation has promised to punish any
of those who were involved with this
video so you can bet that those people
are now probably going to be looking for
jobs in the next few days and that
includes the government's very senior
spokesperson here so
johnson trying to
get out of this scandal as best he can
but the opposition suggesting very
strongly today and in a very strong
roasting that he's lost moral authority
in the country
all right we'll have to leave it at that
for a moment cdb spall workman in london
appreciate that update thank you