beyond the immediate tensions what is
missing is the resolve to restore a
political Horizon to for talks and
political process that delivers Real
Results and hope violence only
undermines the legitimate Palestinian as
aspirations for state food and the
longing of Israelis
for security and
peace now there have been more attacks
on Israel today they happened in the
West Bank and one Israeli was killed
Iris MAA has more from
Jerusalem I can tell you that it's a
routine that seems to be becoming The
New Normal a Palestinian as salant um
stabs a soldier in the West Bank and is
shot dead there was another uh car
attack which later has it became clear
or is apparently an accident and now
within the last hour a third attack
maybe the second attack a car attack in
which a Palestinian ran over Israelis
waiting um also in the West Bank um at a
bus stop and then got out with with a
with a knife and tried to stab them
earlier in the day Israel arrested a
Hamas leader in the West Bank and
demolished um a home of someone they
claim was responsible for the murder of
an Israeli at the end of 2014 so I'm
afraid to say that is the new normal as
we see it
now and Iris now that ban kimon has
arrived what what's he hoping to achieve
it's almost like an emergency call by
the doctor he came by surprise he
recorded a message before he left
speaking directly to Israelis and
Palestinians and it's quite a moving
message actually he takes blame on his
own shoulders and the shoulders of the
leaders who have failed the Palestinian
youth but he calls on them not to pick
up weapons he says that's not the answer
they should give peace one more try he
directs comments to Israel as well
saying that there is no diplomatic
Horizon and Israel has to take
responsibility for that checkpoints and
walls are not the answer he is here to
speak to all the leaders and uh this
evening it's it's prime minister
Israel's primee Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu but whether this message will
actually get through to the people on
the ground the people carrying out the
attacks we don't
know now since speaking to Iris we've
received reports of a Palestinian being
killed in Israeli fire in Gaza border
clashes that's what Medics have told the
AF
news agency