Israeli Prime Minister Benin netan
called on Hamas to surrender now calling
it The Beginning of the End of the
militant group's existence while Hamas
has warned there will be no return of
hostages without negotiations is has
more Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu on Sunday called on Hamas to
lay down their weapons and surrender
saying the Palestinian militant group's
end is near in the statement Netanyahu
said does of Hamas militants have
surrendered over the past few days
however Hamas has rejected the claims
meanwhile the Palestinian militant group
says Israel will not be able to recover
any of his hostages unless it engages in
talks over conditional swap deals a
spokesperson for the alqassam brigades
said in a statement broadcast by Al
jaz's television on Sunday that Israel
will not be able to recover the captives
by force adding there had been a failed
attempt by the Israeli military to free
one of them he also noted that Hamas
Fighters had partially or fully
destroyed 180 Israeli personnel carriers
tanks and bulldozers in the 10 days
since fighting began after a brief 7-Day
ceasefire the Israeli Prime Minister and
Russian President Vladimir Putin spoke
over the phone for nearly an hour on
Sunday with the Israeli leader
reportedly expressing dissatisfaction
with moscow's stance in the armed
conflict Russia has regularly criticized
Israel including at the UN security C
ccil while also hosting a Hamas
delegation in late October for meetings
according to Russia's task news agency
Putin told Netanyahu that Moscow rejects
terrorism but cannot support the dire
situation of people in Gaza meanwhile
speaking to CNN US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin says it's up to Israel
and not the US to decide when to end its
war against Hamas in Gaza the comments
come as reports of Washington pressing
on Israel to wrap up operations by the
end of the year
in a show of support blinkin defended
the emergency sales of nearly 14,000
rounds of tank ammunition to Israel and
called for a quick approval from
Congress for more than1 100 billion US
in aid for Israel Ukraine and other
National Security priorities iang
news