and two weeks on still reeling under
acute shortage of Essentials Gaza got a
sliver of Aid on Saturday surviving on
bare minimum the region has been cut off
from food water medicines Fuel and
electricity Supply the question is how
much Aid are we talking about here 20
trucks for 2.3 million gazin the aid
includes medicine medical supplies and a
limited amount of food and also canned
goods and these trucks reach the war
batted region through the Rafa crossing
the only Crossing that is not controlled
by Israel while Israel's decision to
allow Aid into Gaza was taken during
United States President Joe Biden's
visits to Israel a few days ago where
tall claims were made by Biden about
humanitarian Aid reaching Gaza but the
road near the crossing had to be
repaired trucks loaded with Aid have
been stranded at the the Rafa border for
days the region had been relying on
humanitarian aid from Global bodies even
before the war broke
out 100 trucks used to deliver Aid every
day and now in a situation like this
when over 1.7 million people have
already been displaced over 4,100 have
been killed and 13,000 at least 13,000
have been wounded in
Gaza
for now the eight would be distributed
by the UN Palestinian red crescent the
UN has warned of humanitarian
catastrophe in Gaza where food has been
running out and supplies of fuel needed
to keep the hospital uh backup
generators running which have also
reached dangerously low
levels while cues for food and water
have become a common sight all this
while Israel continues to pound Gaza
Strip with air strikes and smoke could
be seen Rising across the Gaza Skyline
even as a trucks enter the
[Music]
region