[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
process it is the bureaucracy is insane
and so we're asking for uh to please you
this is humanitarian we're asking to
please allow us to go in in in a way
that we can get enough food in to try to
feed people and make it make it a little
bit easier uh to do so I understand why
check checks and balances are in place I
I do understand and I'm not suggesting
not to do that but we can think there's
got to be better ways to do this
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
necess
human
[Music]
[Music]
for
[Music]
[Music]
it's okay let's go it's okay let's
[Music]
go
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
this
[Music]
we do think that it's important that
fuel be able to be to make it into Gaza
for humanitarian purposes obviously the
aid workers who are delivering
humanitarian assistance through Rafa and
then onward inside uh Gaza need to be
able to to uh need fuel to be able to to
advance those deliveries uh fuel is
important for the provision of Medical
Care fuel is important for
desalinization Israel has very real
concerns about the diversion of fuel
Hamas continues to launch rockets um uh
uh and so Israel has real concerns and
so we are trying to work through a
mechanism to to to ensure that we can
get fuel in in a way that would not be
diverted so it could be um uh used only
for humanitarian purposes it's one of
the things that ambassad saterfield who
has a lot on his plate is very much
focused on uh I don't have an update to
give today but it's something that we
are trying very hard to
effectuate
out in convoys moving through we as you
know we've unlocked that piece there
haven't been to our estimation
sufficient amount a sufficient there
hasn't been a sufficient amount of Aid
getting through um but we're working on
mechanisms to speed up the screening of
that Aid so more of it can move through
the gate and make it to the innocent
civilians in Gaza who need it um and we
continue to work to unlock the very
difficult kind of practical problem of
getting American citizens
out
[Music]