good evening the prospect of a ceasefire
in the Israel Hamas War still hangs in
the balance tonight pressure is mounting
to Halt the fighting but the path to
that agreement coming to another
roadblock as more accounts emerge of the
toll this conflict has taken recently
and when it began back in October ctv's
Tony Grace
reports the horrors of War laid bare in
Gaza funerals today for some of the more
than 30 people reported dead this
weekend after Israeli air strikes in
Rafa my son is still under the rubble
says this man who also said three of his
relatives including two children were
killed also in Gaza the Israeli military
sharing video of what it said was a
strike on a terrorist Target in conun I
think the air strikes will continue
right up until the moment where both
sides agree to the ceasefire terms but
but it will only just accelerate and
accentuate the need for the ceasefire
ceasefire talks resumed in Egypt today
but Israel didn't send a delegation
Israeli media reporting the government
wants to know which hostages are alive
and how many Palestinian prisoners Hamas
is seeking in exchange International
pressure is building to end the fighting
and get more badly needed Aid into
civilians from the US vice president
today there must be an immediate
ceasefire for at least the next six week
another tragic link to the conflict will
be in Focus this week a un envoy's
findings on sexual violence in the
October 7th Hamas attack in Israel we
need the most credible internationally
recognized body to say the truth to
reveal what actually happened Professor
Ruth Halper and kadari played a key role
in getting onvoy pra Patton to visit
Israel in
January for a closer look at witness
accounts and police reports today she
urged this group in Toronto to pressure
Advocates and world leaders for
accountability Hamas committed crimes
against humanity including in the form
of using sexual violence as a tool of
war the UN envoy's initial findings are
expected to be made public this week
with a full report to the UN Secretary
General by the end of the month Heather
Tony thank you