[Music]
you go with
shalom shalom 85-year-old Yos lifshitz
says Shalom as she's being released from
Hamas
captivity lifshits and another elderly
Israeli woman Ned kooper were released
by Hamas to the International Red
Cross 220 people have been taken hostage
by Hamas on October
7th foll doing a brutal attack on Israel
that has killed at least 1400
Israelis my mom is saying that she was
taken on the back of a
Mot with her body with her legs on one
side and her hi on another side that she
was taken through the plow Fields with a
man in front on one side and a man
behind her and that while she was being
taken she was hit by Sticks by Shabbat
yeah shabab people reports said that a
group of 50 hostages were also likely to
be released but other reports contradict
this claim saying negotiations hit a
roadblock over hamas's demand that
Israel should allow fuel deliveries into
[Music]
Gaza
adding to Israel's diplomatic Arsenal
and Western pressure on Hamas French
president Emanuel macron landed in Tel
today mcon said France stands shoulder
Tosh shoulder with Israel macron's visit
comes just days after US President
Biden's high-profile Israel I think this
is our duty to fight against these
terrorist
groups without any confusion
without I would say enlarging this conf
if Hamas loses and is defeated then the
forces of civilization win that is why
this battle is not merely our own it's
Europe's battle it's America's battle uh
it's civilization's battle as world
leaders scramble to find a solution to
the Israel Hamas conflict there are
fears of different fronts opening us has
now accused Iran of actively
facilitating attacks on us bases in the
Middle East we know Iran continues to
support Hamas and Hezbollah and we know
that Iran is closely monitoring these
events and in some cases actively
facilitating these attacks and spurring
on others who may want to exploit the
conflict for their own good or for that
of Iran Iran's foreign minister on the
other hand says the US is expanding the
war already the deadliest of the five
wars fought between Israel and Hamas
with thousands killed an emergency UN
General Assembly special session on
October 26th May shed some light on the
future of this conflict with V VI Bureau
report
NDTV