if you can talk about the president
because it's a very clear message that
has been given and he also President
also urge International Community to
release the hostages in Gaza so I think
the first question is why the president
not our prime minister and I think our
president Herzog who also gave you a
short interview to Republic H he is the
bipartisan per figure of Israel he's
today not a politician he's a unique
ifying force in Israel when a unifying
force in Israel tells the International
Community we have hostages what the
Hamas did was illegal and we need your
help and we need your commitment that
all those hostages will have to go back
to
Israel H this Zero Tolerance towards the
Hamas and the
Hamas hostages um let's say policy this
is something that the president could
voice much better than any other Israeli
including prime minister yeah uh but as
we as we say there are people here who
have been volly helping each and
everyone there are the Packers which has
been packed for the people who are who
are in need yes yes because I think is
Israel has two Wars one war is the war
that the Army is in charge of in Gaza
and also later maybe in Lebanon and the
second war is can we be a United Israel
could we unite ourselves because the
last year we we had a terrible H
political Feud here in Israel so the
fact that everybody comes the youth the
elderly everybody's helping everybody
and so on this is this gives us Israelis
the feeling that we have a strong
society that we have a a society who
knows what what solidarity is this is
this is not less important than the
achievements that we see now on an
hourly base H in the battlefield against
Hamas well yes so yes the president was
here has given a clear message that uh
the situation whatever the situation is
Israel is completely ready for the
situation and they are going to win this
war not only this but uh there are also
meeting that happened inside uh the uh
the relief camp where we were reporting
from but importantly what president did
here is he met the 16 and 17 years age
of the volunteers to uh you know
encourage them to motivate them which is
like very important but as far as the
situation is concerned well yes there
are still Rockets there are still
missiles that has been fired from the
Hamas but also it has been intercepted
by the Israel
forces