smoke billows from an explosion near the
Rafa border crossing with Egypt where
trucks had begun bringing in some much
needed Aid part of a deal brokered by
cutter but it's far too late for far too
many and Rafa City and Israeli air
strike killed 16 in this
house you kill me and then send me
medications killing my children and
sending over medications seriously 3
months into Israel's assault on Gaza
there's a split between the US
Administration and the Netanyahu
government over a path for an eventual
Palestinian State something the US
supports but there is no way to solve
their long-term challenges to provide
lasting security and there is no way to
to solve the short-term challenges of
rebuilding Gaza and establishing
governance in Gaza and providing
security for Gaza without the
establishment of a Palestinian state but
the Israeli Prime Minister says there
will be no Palestinian State while he is
in
power
I tell this truth to our American
friends and I also stopped the attempt
to impose a reality on us that would
harm Israel's security the Prime
Minister needs to be capable of saying
no to our friends saying no when
necessary and saying yes one
possible the UN has described giving
birth in Gaza now as a nightmare the
population fund says at least 180 women
a day are forced to give birth on the
streets or without any medical attention
the humanitarian agency care reports a
300% increase in miscarriages in Gaza
since October 7th it is extremely
troubling because these women who are
giving birth to the next generation of
children to be have done nothing wrong
and in any war in any War situation
Health Care Facilities should be
continued you know it should be a
neutral provision of healthc care
services for everyone and anyone but few
will receive any care at all as 2third
of gaza's hospitals have now ceased
functioning Craig Boswell trt world