the situation in the occupied West Bank
was already a nightmare nightly raids by
the Israeli Army a barely afloat economy
the smell of death just around the
corner Palestinians in this Camp didn't
think the situation could get worse but
then owner was funding was
slashed life will change there will be
no education here children will become
ignorant without learning and there will
be no work my father for example worked
for unwa if the a stops how will he Feed
Us from schools to clinics and other
Camp infrastructure signs of Ona are
everywhere the un's largest agency
employs 30,000 people across the
occupied West Bank Gaza Jordan and
Lebanon making it the single largest
employer of Palestinians but
Palestinians say Ona is sewn into the
fabric of the community not just because
of its tangible benefits but because the
organization legit legitimizes their
Refugee status something they say the
International Community has long tried
to take
away where will we go after all of this
people here will be left with no food no
services and nobody left to help us
there will be no Aid and nobody will
recognize us not Arab countries nor
anyone else Palestinian and Ona
officials have expressed similar
exasperation we were extremely shocked
that certain number of countries have
decided to suspend its Aid or their aid
for the anara this measure is extremely
dangerous and it is our hope that it
will be reversed and on X Ona Secretary
General Filipe lazarini wrote I am
shocked such decisions are taken based
on alleged behavior of a few individuals
and as the war continues needs are
deepening and famine looms Palestinians
in Gaza did not need this additional
Collective punishment this stains all of
us many analysts say even if Israel's
allegations against Ona were true it is
unheard of to sever Aid so quickly and
indiscriminately particularly at a time
when millions of Palestinians need it
the most Priyanka naani trt World Ela
refugee camp occupied West
[Music]
Bank