yeah an update from them uh Hebrew
update for Israeli media this morning a
few lines starting to come out one is
they updated the number of hostages they
believe are still in Gaza to
222 uh I don't think that includes that
number of the two Americans who were
released a few days ago so that number
of hostages that they believe to be in
Gaza being held by Hamas or Islamic
Jihad or others keeps Rising upwards uh
rather than downwards and so it just
speaks to the scale of the problem
they've got to try and get those
hostages back we understand we talking
about at the end of last week but
there's more reporting around this
morning saying that countries in the
west uh Europe United States are putting
pressure on the on the Israelis not to
launch a ground Invasion just yet uh
because they hope that the Diplomatic
channels can be used to try and free
more hostages um so we we're not sure
whether these radi I mean these raes
haven't launched a ground Invasion yet
we're not sure whether it's for that
reason or for for other reasons but um
there's a bit of pressure coming from
the West to try and get as many hostages
out um through diplomatic talks rather
than through military action um another
line that has come out of the briefing
says that they know Hamas Fighters are
massing at assembly points in Gaza to
try and then Ambush Israeli forces if
and when they do go in I suspect that's
coming from surveillance footage uh the
constant monitoring even during quote
unquote peace time in Gaza one of the
features of you go there is you always
hear Israeli drones overhead and so
they've got incredibly good surveillance
of what's going on on the
ground it' be very very difficult we've
spoken about this before how how hard it
would be for the Israeli forces uh to go
into Gaza and operate in that kind of
environment they they have a lot of
experience operating the West Bank in
urban urban environments but this is for
many of them much more unknown known um
because they haven't been into Gaza for
quite some years and Hamas have had a
lot of time to prepare not just since
the attacks over two weeks ago but for
many years they will prepare um their
defense of Gaza uh and that is maybe
what the Israelis are seeing them doing
now