now amidst the threat of an Iranian
reprisal there were War sens that warned
of incoming drones that sounded on
Israel's northern border this after the
Israeli Defense Forces said that about
40 Rockets were launched from the
Lebanese territory now incoming
projectiles triggered War sens in the
gal pan handle near the border the
country's Iron Dome of course kicked
into action the IDF has said that some
of these Rockets were intercepted
earlier suspected drone infiltration St
and sounded in other nearby towns as
well now the rdf aial defense array also
successfully intercepted two hisbah
explosive uavs earlier no casualties
were reported and Iran bed hisbah
claimed responsibility for the incident
now the group said that it fought dozens
of katucha rockets in at rdf's artillery
positions in Northern Israel and this
has come after the Israeli F Jets tacked
military buildings of the Lebanese
militant group hisbah the idea further
said that it targeted buildings in
southern Lebanon and the Israeli
military has released these images which
claim to show the targeted air stries
and the Israel Lebanon border has been
witnessing skirmishes between the RF and
the hisbah fighters almost daily since
the Israel Hamas War Began on the 7th of
October 300 people including many
civilians being killed in Israeli
bombings inside the Lebanese territory
while about 18 Israelis also have been
killed in of the fire that is coming
from the Lebanese side the thousands of
people have been displaced on both sides
in the volle region some experts believe
that the Iranian attack may come through
its proxies hisbah of course is a pretty
powerful part of the axis of resistance
and Alliance of Iran back groups across
West Asia Israel has bolstered its
defense along its northern bordom and
has called backk its reservists
for all the latest news download the Von
app And subscribe to our YouTube channel