we're seeing that Muslims Arabs
Palestinians are being disciplined and
terminated um because of their Pro
Palestine speech whether it be an
Instagram reel a tweet even re sharing
someone commenting on someone all of
that um can get reported to your
employer and your employer can decide
for example that they're not okay with
this and then also wearing a cafei to
work is problematic and then having a
Palestine pinis problem it's every it's
showing any sort of support for the
Palestinian people is causing people to
lose their jobs you know in the past
where I'd been handling maybe like uh I
want to say like 20 employment
discrimination complaints a month now
I'm potentially getting anywhere between
50 to 100 employment discriminations a
month so Physicians are largely impacted
right now they tend to be the group of
individuals that is most vocal vocal
about the human rights situation in Gaza
we know that children are being operated
on without anesthesia teachers have been
also the next big vocal group um because
they have students and they feel that
they have a duty to portray the
situation accurately I feel particularly
frustrated with the equal employment
opportunity commission which is
responsible for investigating
discrimination um there have been like
people who have reached out to the hire
ups at the EOC to say you need to issue
guidance you need to um say something to
these employers and they're like just
file the complaints I'm married to
Palestinian and my daughter is
Palestinian and so when I see these
reports coming in it hurts very
personally you're are not allowed to say
whatever we want we are not allowed to
Advocate on behalf of our people