[Music]
this is totally unacceptable hospitals
are sacran and they must be protected at
all cost we don't yet know the full
scale of this Carnage but what is clear
is that the violence and killing must
stop at
once who strongly condemns the attacks
on the attack on Al Arab Hospital in the
north of of the Gaza Strip the hospital
was operational with Patients health
care givers and internally displaced
people Sheltering there early re reports
indicates hundreds of fatalities and
injuries I can confirm that an analysis
of the IDF operational systems indicates
that a barriage of rockets was fired by
terrorists in Gaza passing in close
proximity to the alali AL Mii Hospital
in Gaza at the time it was hit
intelligence from few sources that we
have in our hands indicates that the
Islamic Jihad is responsible for the
failed rocket launch which hit the
hospital in Gaza I repeat this is the
responsibility of Islamic Jihad that
killed Innocents in the hospital in Gaza
hospital was hit by a rocket of the
Palestinian Islamic Jihad from the
beginning of the fighting more than 450
Rockets Palestinian shot Rockets fell
inside the Gaza Street they tried to hit
our children but on the way hit their
own children he is a liar his uh
spokesperson and digital spokesperson
tweeted that Israel did the hit thinking
that there is around this Hospital a
base for Hamas and then he deleted the
that tweet we have a copy of that tweet
and talal can share with you that Tweet
now they change the story to try to
blame the Palestinians it is a lie and
they the Israeli spokesperson of the
army about a week ago made a statement
in which he said Evacuate the hospitals
the hospitals are Target and in fact
they hit one Hospital a week
ago