fighting still continues between Israel
and Hamas after the militant group began
one of the deadliest attacks on Israel
on Saturday killing and wounding over
hundreds of civilians Israel is now
stepping up the operations in a war
declared by prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu against Hamas now more
reservists are being signed up to join
the
battlefield after the unprecedented aial
Naval and ground attack by Hamas
militants a dozens of Israelis being
taken hostage the Israeli Army has
called up for Reserve forces as it
continues to retaliate Israel has been
pounding the Gaza Strip from where the
Hamas operat with a volley of rockets
evacuations for Israelis living near the
Gaza Strip has already
begun prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
has warned of a long and difficult War
the violence is ranging from close
combat ground fighting along to air
strikes and Rocket attacks the fighting
is ranging or raging in towns and
highways as we
speak
for Israel has deployed thousands of
forces to secure Southern desert regions
their aim is to rescue Israeli hostages
military spokesperson vow to kill every
terrorist he has warned that in the next
24 hours all residents from around the
Gaza Strip will be evacuated ated as it
deploys tens of thousands of soldiers in
that region he added evacuation had to
be done after a proper scan of the
territory to ensure that no militants
were present either fighting with Hamas
militants has been going on in the South
Israel also came under attack from the
north when lebanon's Hezbollah launched
guided missiles lebanon's Hezbollah has
expressed solidarity with the
unprecedented Hamas offensive now
according to Israel the Army has so far
hit 500 Hamas targets including the
group's military infrastructure homes of
commanders and symbols of the Hamas
regime the Israeli forces have taken
control of points from where militants
had infiltrated into Israel from the
Gaza
street weon is now available in your
country download the app now and get all
the news on the
move