viewers as the Israelis escalate their
counter offensive the casualties will
mount in Gaza several rights activist
columnist Palestinians and Arab states
already urging Israel to stop the want
destruction of Gaza the UN has flagged
the possibility of a massive
humanitarian disaster given that Israel
has sealed off the strip cut water and
electricity Tel Aviv is being accused of
trampling over human rights in pursuit
of Hamas terrorists on the Strip Israel
is saying that it is acting within its
rights to punish Terror it is
lawfully Bound by its own Constitution
to protect its own sovereignity the hard
fact suggest that many of those
criticizing Israel today are forgetting
precedence where some Nations including
Arab and Middle Eastern ones pursued
terrorists and other antagonists in
crossb action while this is not to
suggest that two
wrongs or two acts of
Retribution make a right here are the
hard facts viewers for us to hear Israel
is being villainized but have those that
are pointing fingers at them forgotten
these precedents in 1990 Iraq invades
Kuwait to reportedly and no one really
knows the reason but reportedly avoid
repaying repaying a 14 billion dollar
loan taken from the emirat during the
Iran Iraq war in 20 one Pakistan aided
the United States LED Coalition attack
on Afghanistan to dislodge the Taliban
post 911 in 2015 Qatar deployed thousand
ground troops along with armored
vehicles and helicopters to Yemen to
fight houti Rebels there in 2020 Iran
launched operation Mar suani by firing
ballistic missiles at US Air bases in
Western Iraq again crossb strike viewers
2020 US State Department claimed Iran
carried out 360 targeted assassinations
and mass bombings in other countries all
of them on foreign soil obviously
viewers 2022 Saudi Coalition launched
strikes into Yemen to neutralize houti
Rebels several civilians were killed no
one was thinking about Muslim lives in
2023 Turkish forces killed 58 Kurdish
militants in strikes in Syria to avenge
ankara's bomb attack attack or a bomb
attack on anara now viewers