has said one month into Israel's war on
Hamas prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
hints at a possible endgame I think
Israel will
for an indefinite period will have the
overall uh security responsibility
because we've seen what happens when we
don't have it his comments suggest
Israel plans to keep a tight grip over
Gaza though they don't offer more
clarity than
that the Declaration means will'll hold
a tight grip on Gaza it's of the
question that Hamas rises again but it
gives no indication on how Gaza might be
governed we'll need to hear that as soon
as possible to have an objective and to
be able to prepare for the
future Israeli forces re-entered the
territory last week and encircled Gaza
City having withdrawn from the strip in
2005 US President Joe Biden said last
month that any move by close Ally Israel
to occupy the strip again would be a
quote big mistake last Tuesday his
secretary of state Anthony blinkin told
Congress that at some point the Gaza
Strip should come under the control of
the Palestinian Authority which is based
in the West Bank after being driven out
of Gaza by Hamas in
2007 blinkin suggested other countries
could possibly play a role before that
happens Hamas said on Monday it would
not accept a puppet government and would
remain in Gaza saying the US is planning
to replace its
rule let blink know let everyone who
deals with him know that the ones who
have the decision and the will regarding
the future of the Palestinians and our
future as a resistance are the
Palestinians
themselves unlike many Western countries
turkey does not view Hamas as a
terrorist organization and has escalated
its criticism of Israel as the
humanitarian crisis in Gaza
unfolds Turkish president retp Ty
erdogan said on Saturday that Gaza must
be part of an independent Sovereign
Palestinian
state