Wednesday marked four months since the
October 7th crossb attacks by Hamas that
killed 1,200 people in Israel and saw
the US designated terrorist group taking
some 240 people hostage about 135
hostages are still unaccounted for
ceremonies were held in cities around
the world including Paris the top us
Diplomat Anthony blink is in the Middle
East to push for the release of the
hostages including six Americans and an
extended pause in the fighting to get
more humanitarian Aid to Palestinian
civilians in Gaza but Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu dismissed a
proposal by Hamas which reportedly
called for the withdrawal of all Israeli
forces from
Gaza today I told Secretary of State
blinkin that after defeating Hamas we
will make sure that Gaza be
demilitarized for good the history
already proved that there is only one
force that can promise such a thing the
state of Israel through the IDF and our
security forces at a separate press
conference late Wednesday blinkin had
this to say about the Hamas counter
offer while there are some clear
non-starters in hamas's response uh we
do think it creates space for agreement
to be reached and we will work at that
relentlessly until we get there in Tel
Aviv a group of freed Israeli hostages
appealed to Netanyahu to push for a
hostage deal and your
D again I am turning to you Mr Netanyahu
everything is in your hands you are the
one that can and I am very scared very
afraid that if you continue in this line
of bringing down Hamas there won't be
any hostages to free anymore in his
talks with Israeli officials blinkin
said that the death toll of Palestinians
in Gaza is still far too high and that
any military operation against Hamas
needs to put the safety of civilians
first and foremost according to the
Hamas run Ministry of Health and Gaza at
least
27,485 killed in the Gaza Strip since
October the 7th about 70% of those
killed are reported to be women and
children more than
66,800
Palestinians have reportedly been
injured Lincoln also held talks in rala
in the West Bank with Palestinian
Authority president Mahmud Abbas Lincoln
will hold more talks in Israel on
Thursday and plans to meet with the
families of hostages by Hamas Cindy s
vaa news the state
department