rescue workers dug through Rubble in
central Gaza on Saturday to look for
survivors and bodies as Israel's primee
Minister Benyamin Netanyahu said his
country's war with Hamas was at its
height and vowed to retake control of
the enclave's border with
Egypt at a news conference in Tel Aviv
Netanyahu said the southern buffer zone
known as the Philadelphia Corridor quote
must be in our hands philadelph it must
be shut it is clear that any other
Arrangement would not Ure the
demilitarization that we seek he said
Netanyahu did not give more details but
such a move by Israel would be a de
facto reversal of its 2005 withdrawal
from Gaza and place The Enclave under
exclusive Israeli control the southern
border is gaza's only one not under
Israel's Direct Control and the only way
Aid can currently enter The Enclave
netanyahu's comments came as Israeli
forces pressed ahead with an offensive
that the prime minister said again will
last for many more months footage
released by The Palestine red Cresent
Society was said to show its workers
rescuing injured residents at the nus
refugee camp on Saturday Reuters was not
able to independently verify the video's
location or date another Palestinian
journalist along with several members of
his family were killed when an Israeli
air strike hit his home in the camp on
Friday according to health officials and
fellow journalists Palestinian
authorities said on Saturday at least
165 people were killed over 24 hours
almost all of gaza's 2.3 million
residents have been forced from their
homes by Israel's 12we assault launched
after hamas's bloody Rampage in southern
Israel on October the 7th worries are
growing that the conflict could spread
across the region potentially involving
iran-backed groups in Lebanon Iraq Syria
and Yemen Netanyahu on Saturday added a
rare threat to attack Iran directly over
the exchanges of fire across Israel's
northern border with Lebanon which are
taking place almost daily now without
elaborating he said if Hezbollah expands
the Warfare it will suffer blows that it
has not dreamed of and so too
Iran