[Applause]
India today's reporting from Ground Zero
at the West Bank where a large number of
Palestinian protesters have assembled
they are extremely unhappy over the
targeting of the Gaza STP and these
protesters say that this would well be
the second front against Israel first
the Gaza Strip and now the West Bank
anger rising in fact several of these
protesters are now burning tiger that
that those plumes of smoke that you see
Rising right behind me tires are being
burnt very close to where the Israeli
settlement is the situation here taking
a turn for the world a large number of
protesters with slingshots in their
hands are targeting the
isra you have several ambulances that
are lining up this entire area and this
is to indicate that the situation here
remains extremely
extremely is the demand of these
protest calling for Action to be taken
meanwhile Hamas has made a major claim
Hamas claims that they've actually used
a drone to Target the Israeli forces
Hamas claims that they actually targeted
a marwa tank of Israel using a drone and
drones are actually being seen as major
disruptive weapons War weather it was
the aan Armenia conflict where aan
extensively used drones against Armenia
or ham now getting access to drones
Target the
is in
this
[Music]
IND
images that you see from ground zero in
West Bank India Today is reporting from
the Palestinian West Bank where there is
rising anger against Israel's actions at
the Gaza Strip there is an apprehension
that the West Bank could become the
second Frontier uh that Israeli forces
have to deal with I see a lot of anger I
see a lot of protesters here and let me
try and speak to uh some of them uh
Madam uh I'm I'm from India what brings
you here uh in in protest this Friday
afternoon and speak
English you speak English I want to know
what your protest is all
about but these tires that are being
burnt um youth using youth are using uh
sling shots against the Israel forces
give me a moment we will continue this
conversation in a little while from now
as these protests intensify a number of
flags also here and I want to leave you
with these images of tires being burned
right next to that Israeli settlement
right behind me on West