Hamas continues air strikes in Israel
early morning visuals on your screens
over 300
Israelis have died in this Palestine
Israel
war over 1500 have been wounded so far
that's the latest data that's coming
from Israel 3,000 plus Rockets have been
fired into Israel dozens of Israeli
soldiers and civilians have now been
taken
hostage over 250 Palestinians are also
dead in this attack and 1,000 have been
wounded those visuals that you see on
your screens are of the early morning
strike that took
place our Foreign Affairs editor Gita
moan is now joining me on the story
gaita it seems like neither Israel nor
Hamas none of them are ready to back
down and this is something which we have
seen rising over the past many years and
now it has come to this but the
unfortunate news is that on both the
sides we are seeing civilians losing
their
lives well that's right it is a very
very serious attack like many are saying
absolutely unprecedented awara and uh we
will be seeing a retaliation from the
Israeli side it has already begun but in
terms of a planned strike as to how
they're going to respond to Hamas is
something we'll have to wait and see why
because there is also simultaneously a
hostage crisis uh the hostages that have
been taken Israeli hostages who've been
taken away uh by the Hamas what is it
that Israel is going to do with regards
to the release of those hostages
something we'll have to wait and see uh
and again you know when uh when they
strike back there is going to be huge
loss of life uh when it comes to uh CI
civilians in uh in in the Gaza Strip so
uh this is going to be unprecedented in
scale in retaliation in response but
also uh one where Israel and the Israeli
Administration will have to respond to a
lot of questions on intelligence failure
uh failure in the listening posts within
Gaza and uh failure in ensuring that
their defense systems especially the
fact that parag gliders uh came into
Israeli territory their own aerial
defense systems uh were not in place is
something that the Netanyahu regime will
have to respond to an answer to his own
country and his own
people right Gita moan Foreign Affairs
editor stay on with me