the word over for me is like frustrating
to to hear because we may be tired of
the of the virus but it's clearly not
tired of us right now the cases in many
countries are record highs never ever
seen before in this history of the
pandemic and then you have millions of
unvaccinated people 3.2 billion people
who are completely unvaccinated in low
and middle-income countries how will
there not be another variant there are
already sub-variants a vermicron already
emerged right when you allow millions of
people to incubate billions of virus
particles there will be mutations and
there is no saying what that next
variant might look like we just lucked
out with Omicron could have been much
worse what if there was a variant which
is as easy to catch as Omicron but as
deadly as Delta by now we would all be
gasping for oxygen they'll never get
done unless we truly need do what we
needed to do right right from Get Go
protect the whole world share the
vaccines with the whole world and make
sure they have access to everything that
they need to save themselves our leaders
are simply incapable of looking into the
future they can't seem to do anything
other than what is politically expedient
they cannot look outside their voting
base or their narrow boundaries I mean
the virus couldn't get to Hoots about
National boundaries right the whole
world is a playing field for the virus
right now no border has stopped the
virus no travel ban has stopped the
virus you just simply cannot it's in the
air we fail to have any sort of global
coordination because each country has
gone nationalist each country is gone
isolationist each country has gone
bought into populism as a Way Forward
some of the biggest countries in the
world richest countries in the world are
miserably doing on their own domestic
pandemic control us UK so they can't
even look up to see what's happening
anywhere else in the world so
politically this has been a unmitigated
disaster