locals digging through the rubble of a
residential building in derel Bala it
was leveled by an Israeli air
strike in all three residential
buildings and a mosque were
hit Palestinian medical sources say more
than 30 people were killed including
women and
children on Monday more displaced
Palestinians were on the move this
material was released by the Palestinian
red crescent society and shows families
leaving the al-amal hospital and carun
to head further south as the fighting
gets ever
closer there are now fears Israel's
offensive is about to move towards Rua
at the very southern end of the Gaza
Strip for weeks it has been filling up
with civilians over half the enclaves
population is now Sheltering there there
is nowhere else for civilians to shelter
in recent days thousands of Palestinians
have continued to flee to the South uh
which is already hosting over half the
gasa's population of some 2.3 million
people most are living in makeshift
structures tents or out in the open Rafa
is a pressure cooker of Despair and we
fear for what comes
next some a trucks cross from Egypt on
Monday but nowhere near enough to
satisfy demand at this feeding station
in ruer there is rice and lentils but
little else those living off it here t
of a ceasefire and hope it will allow
them to go home and for life to
improve we live every day hoping for a
ceasefire but there is neither a return
nor a ceasefire every day is worse than
the day before our children need things
that we cannot secure for them like we
did
before no place in Gaza is entirely safe
but ruer has been safer than most but
unless there is a ceasefire that may not
be true for much longer Simon McGregor
wood trt
world