tensions continue to mount at the
al-aqsa mosque compound as fresh clashes
were reported earlier today
now israeli forces entered the compound
as worshipers gathered for morning
prayers israeli authorities say forces
entered the compound to facilitate
routine visits by jews that the
protesters had piled up stones and set
up barriers which led to a confrontation
nine people were arrested and at least
20 were injured
earlier today the entrance to the holy
compound was surrounded by ambulances
heavily on police and concrete blocks
smashed into small pieces
israeli forces say palestinian youths
threw rocks at the passing buses in the
city which left at least five israelis
injured
on friday israel police raided the
mosque compound and clashed with
palestinians
thousands gathered to pray in the
compound early morning friday
police raided and the visitors were
injured with stun grenades tear gas and
rubber bullets around 150 were injured
in that confrontation in their statement
the israeli police said that
palestinians attacked forces with
firecrackers and stones and that the
forces intervened only to stop the
violence and enable worshipers to leave
the place safely
our maintained purpose for which we
operate as to preserve religious worship
for all religions
on the temple mount
israeli prime minister naftali bennett
said that the government is working to
restore calm on the temple mount then it
also added that the security forces are
ready for any task and any scenario that
could emerge al-aqsa mosque compound is
located in the old city of jerusalem for
years it has been an epicenter of
israel-palestine clashes the compound
encloses both the dome of the rock the
holy site the jews and the al-aqsa
mosque the third holiest site in islam
worship at the holy site is regulated by
the police the point of contention
emerged as the muslim holy month of
ramadan coinciding with the jewish
celebration of passover this year
last year during this time similar
clashes ignited an 11-day war with hamas
militants in the gaza strip
we are now available in your country
download the app now get all the news on
the move