in fact Palestinian PM now Muhammad
shatai is defending this war he said our
people have the right to defend
themselves their land their property and
their sanctities when their voice is not
heard so this is a counter statement now
coming from the Palestinian PM the
statement came after the Israeli PM
Benjamin nanahu said that they will now
make sure that they attack all the
places where from where Hamas attacks
them and also the places is where from
where
Hamas the places where Hamas stays and
now we are seeing this statement coming
from the other side which is Palestine
now Palestinian prime minister Muhammad
Shai is now defending this war in a
statement he said our people have the
right to defend themselves their land
their property their sanctities and this
is being done because their voice is not
being
heard if we speak about the number of
casualties on the Israeli side the
number at the moment is500 have been
wounded and close to 300 have died on
the other side that is Palestine close
to 250 people have died and this is a
war which has escalated over the past
almost 48 Hours those visuals that you
see on your screens are the latest
visuals coming in from Israel there's a
counter attack which has now been
launched by Israel and the Prime
Minister has given a call to the
citizens saying that this is not a drill
this is a war in fact there's a problem
of Hostage
also when the Hamas entered Israel they
took hostages children old people young
people a lot of them are now under the
Hamas
territory and now we are seeing the
statement coming from the other side
that is the Palestinian prime minister
Mohammad shatai who's now given out a
statement saying that this war is
correct Because he believes that the
voice of his people
is not being
Hur