as uh we also took a uh had a look and
uh the detailed press briefing that
happened on part of the Israeli Defense
Forces and where they had outlined as
far as hamas's alleged role when it
comes to the rocket strike that happened
in the hospital and a civilian and a
residential area that killed scores and
hundreds of people Israel meanwhile has
gone ahead to release certain audio
proof that it claims hamas's hand in the
attack IDF has now released intercepted
calls between two Hamas operators where
they detail exactly what had happened in
this attack that apparently failed and
this is what IDF on its part has been
saying that and we also heard that
coming from the Israeli Prime Minister
that Hamas kills our children and they
killed their own
children
for
well rishab is with us joining us here
on the broadcast rishab now certain
audio tapes that have also surfaced on
part of the IDF they say that in this
audio conversation hamas's operators can
be heard talking about the failed strike
that happened unfortunately in the
hospital well definitely the blame game
over the attack on Hospital in Gaza has
begun while the Hamas say that this was
an attack by Israel Israel has come out
with certain claims including this audio
tape where Israel claims that the
terrorists from the Palestine Islamic
Jihad are discussing about the failed
rocket launch that to the explosion in
the hospital killing over 500 Israel is
very clear that they have certain proofs
that they are putting forward saying
that this was not Israel but the the
terrorist from Palestine Islamic Jihad
only who fired the rocket and it
misfired entered Gaza and exploded in
the hospital they further say that the
Iron Dome could not uh interject this
rocket because of the trajectory of the
rocket it never w was over Israel and it
never crossed Israel and that's the
reason that the iron iron doome failed
to interject or stop this rocket the
rocket has been fired by the terrorist
in Gaza itself is what Israel claims
well this has been one of the deadliest
attacks that have taken place in a
single day ever since uh the offenses
began back on the 7th of October