well in a top story today to Russian
warships from the Pacific Fleet have
entered the Red Sea and this comes amid
attacks by Yen's houthis on Merchant
shipping in a region already crowded
with Naval vessels now the Russian Navy
specific Fleet said that the Russian
Cruiser that's varag and frot Marshall
shapos shanov are taking part in The
Voyage the two warships have passed the
babal Mand straight into the Red Sea and
this move it's forced many ship owners
and operators to suspend the Swiss Canal
or the Red Sea route for transporting
goods from Europe to Asia and vice
versa Tas has reported that the ships
were carrying out assigned tasks within
the framework of the long range sea
campaign the ultimate destination of the
ships was unclear from the report as was
the reason Russia sent these vessels to
the area now houis have been targeting
vessels to prevent Israeli linked ships
from passing through the Indian Ocean
according to reports the group told
China and Russia earlier this month that
their ships can sail through the Red Sea
and Gulf of aen without being attacked
and this was in exchange for the two
countries providing political support to
the houthis in bodies such as the United
Nations security
Council however the US Central Command
reported about the houis firing a
missile at Chinese owned oil tanker
Huang puu sent comp highlighted
continued risks to shipping in the Seas
of Yemen despite the agreement now this
also comes after Iran Russia and China
held joint Naval exercises in the red
pardon me in the Indian Ocean earlier
this month both varag and the Marshall
shaposhnikov took part in the drills
which Russia said Were Meant to practice
safety in Maritime economic
activities now the iran-backed militias
have been attacking ships in the Red Sea
and the Gulf of Aiden since November
calling it a campaign of solidarity with
Palestinians during Israel's war with
Hamas in the Gaza Strip months of houti
attacks in the Red Sea have disrupted
global Shipping and has forced shipping
firms to be rerooted to longer and more
expensive Journeys around the southern
Africa
[Music]