now despite the fierce fighting and
Relentless bombardment of gazan
hospitals the international media is
reporting that a tentative deal between
Israel and Hamas may be likely for an
exchange of hostages for five for a 5day
cease fire more in our next
report fighting rage on Sunday between
Hamas militants and Israeli forces in
parts of North
Gaza Israel has bonded the area with a
devastating aerial Blitz since hamas's
October 7 attack its forces say they
have taken control of large areas of the
north and west around Gaza City but
Killa style Hass resistance remains fed
In Pockets of a heavily urbanized area
that includes parts of Gaza City and the
spraing jabalia and Beach refugee
camps Witnesses reported heavy fighting
overnight between Hamas gunmen and
Israeli Ground Forces trying to advance
in jaaya it is the largest of the in
slaves campes with nearly 100,000 people
most of whom rejected Israeli appeals to
evacuate to the
sou there on Saturday Civil Defense
Forces and civilians were digging fruit
Rubble searching for survivors of an
Israeli strike due to a lack of
equipment they are forced to use their
hands said one ambulance
worker as you can see a military
bombardment hit this place making this
huge crat
now we're standing above the rubble
where 15 people are
trapped three bodies were pulled out and
we are currently searching for
more gaz's Health Ministry says Israel's
constant bombardment has killed 12,300
people including 5,000 children that's
after the Hamas cross border Rampage in
which around 1,200 Israelis were killed
and 20 40 teken
hostage on Saturday the Washington Post
reported that a tentative deal had been
agreed for a release of dozens of women
and children hostages in exchange for a
5day pose in
fighting this was however later denied
by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu and US officials nevertheless
on Sunday qatar's prime minister said
the main sticking points blocking such a
deal were very minor and many practical
and logistical
issues
[Music]
more