the signs of War are visible almost
everywhere along lebanon's border with
Israel this is a front line where
there's little life after more than half
a year of hostilities that began when
Hezbollah opened up a front to help its
Ally Hamas in Gaza most of Israel's
strikes have been focused on an area
about 5 to 10 km from the border now we
are crossing marava you can see the
Israeli position from here we are moving
close to the Brew line uh who knows when
a a shelling or an N Strike is going to
happens we are traveling with members of
the United Nations peacekeeping force in
southern Lebanon they're on patrol with
lebanon's army their mission is to
ensure the area from the border to the
Lani river is free of arms and Fighters
outside the state's control we are here
to support the lianes Army and the Li
the lianes government to take control of
the of the situation but the Army is not
the dominant Force here Hezbollah has a
strong presence even before this latest
confrontation and despite thousands of
strikes Israel has failed to push the
group's Fighters back the UN Force has
repeatedly warned that the danger of
escalation is real yeah we are looking
for uh the you know
uh the
people this is an air strike so we are
looking for the this uh how can we
prevent uh this escalations so we are
just moving around the road they
searching for the people where we can
help them few people remain here nearly
100,000 Lebanese have left their homes
and
livelihoods it's a similar situation on
the other side of the
Border this is the cost of War offici
shall say losses are already in the
billions of dollars although the
conflict is still largely contained and
confined to the Border
region Hezbollah says the conflict won't
end until there's a ceasefire in Gaza
but possibly not even then because
Israel is threatening a wider War if
border security doesn't improve zenak Al
jazer Southern
Lebanon make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer