the war in Gaza has resumed after
Israel's military accused Hamas of
violating the terms of the ceasefire and
firing toward Israeli territory this
puts an end to a week of successful
prisoner exchanges between the two
parties you want to go live now to Megan
Fitzgerald who's following developments
for us Megan good morning what's the
latest do we
know Francis good morning yeah that's
right so not long after that weekl long
ceasefire ended we saw Israeli fighter
jets hitting Targets in the northern
part and the southern part of Gaza uh
now the IDF coming out and saying I want
to read for you uh they say that Hamas
violated the operational Pause by firing
towards Israeli territory and prime
minister Benjamin netanyahu's office
also coming out with a statement which I
want to read Hamas has not met its
obligation to release all of the women
hostages today and has launched rockets
at Israeli civilians now Hamas is saying
that Israel is responsible uh for the
war resuming and that because of that
innocent civilians have lost their lives
and then this falls on the backdrop of
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin
making it his third trip to Israel since
the War Began where he spoke out about
how he hoped that this ceasefire would
hold uh he also went on to say that if
Israel uh is going to resume the
fighting he talked about how important
it was for them to make sure that they
adhere to International humanitarian law
if they're going to Target the South now
I also want to read for you some new
information that's just coming in
qatar's Ministry of Foreign Affairs
confirms that negotiations between the
two sides are continuing with an aim of
returning back to a PA so uh certainly a
glimmer of hope that the efforts to try
and stop this War uh continue at this
hour thanks for watching stay updated
about breaking news and top stories on
the NBC News app or follow us on social
media