Israelis are angry they are Furious and
are asking for answers their Fury is
directed towards the Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu with Hamas
keeping 150 Israeli people captive
dozens of Israeli protesters gathered
outside Israeli defense Ministry to
protest against the governments in
action over Hamas militants now
protesters are calling for prime
minister Netanyahu to resign with the
most recent demonstrations held outside
the defense Ministry in Tel Aviv the
protests was started by one person whose
family has been taken Capt by Hamas
militants but they soon expanded
significantly people across the capital
are calling for the release of hostages
who were kidnapped by Hamas almost a
week
ago my
family is in Gaza being held by
Kamas uh I feel like I have no
uh uh help and Salvage from anyone and
this is my cry out to the the world to
please help bring my family my wife and
three
kids the shelling is fueling the already
Grievous anger among Israeli citizens as
barage of rockets trigger Sirens across
Israeli cities with Netanyahu government
not taking any serious actions now
civilians are livid with the authorities
earlier two Israeli ministers were
visiting a hospital when they were
forced to leave the environment Minister
was in a hospital in central Israel
where she was confronted by visitors and
staff one of the visitors can be heard
saying to the official you've ruined
this country get out of here a hospital
worker in Green scrubs then says how are
you not ashamed to start another War now
in another instance the transport
Minister was paraded out of a hospital
in Tel Aviv even with security officials
present one of the hecklers through what
appeared to be white paint at The
Minister's
car
meanwhile the chairman of the Israeli
National Security Council has said that
they bear responsibility for what
happened as a result of the Hamas attack
he added that there will be an
investigation into the negligence that
allowed the Hamas attack and that they
are currently focusing on ending Hamas
in Gaza the chairman also added that
they did not receive any intelligence
information before for the Hamas
[Music]
attack