Jo
[Music]
B
Benjamin Hamas murdered children in
front of their parents and parents in
front of their children they burnt
people alive they raped and murdered
women they beheaded soldiers they they
search for the secret hiding places
where parents hid their children and
just imagine Mr President the the fear
and the Panic of those little children
in their last
moments as the monsters discovered found
out their hiding places Kamas kidnapped
women children elderly Holocaust
survivals I know you share our outrage
on this and I know you share our
determination to bring these people
back on October
7th Hamas murdered 1,400 Israelis maybe
more this would be equivalent to over
50,000 Americans murdered in a single
day that's 20 911s Mr President you
rightly said that Hamas is worse than
Isis the German chancellor who visited
here yesterday said that Hamas were the
new Nazis you're both right and just as
a civilized World United to defeat the
Nazis and United to defeat Isis the
Civilized world must unite to defeat
Hamas Benjamin netan
press conference joint press
conference
Mr President
Joe I want to thank you for coming here
today and for the unequivocal support
you have given Israel during these
trying times
a support that reflects the overwhelming
will of the American
people I've seen your support every day
in the depth and breadth of cooperation
that we have had since the beginning of
this war a level of cooperation that is
truly unprecedented in the history of
the great alliance between our two
Nations we see that support and your
steadfast commitment to provide Israel
with the tools we need to defend our
ourselves we see that support in the
clear message you've sent our enemies
not to test our resolve and in the two
American carrier battle groups that you
sent to the region to back up those
words with action but above all Mr
President the world sees that support in
the moral Clarity that you have
demonstrated from the moment Israel was
attacked you've rightly drawn a clear
line between the forces of civilization
and the forces of barbarism you
described what Hamas did as sheer evil
it is exactly
that