[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
we managed to go through all roadblocks
all blockings and arrived right at the
Crossing the Egyptians trucks are just
across the fence there across the gate
and they're not going to enter today as
long as we're
[Music]
[Applause]
here
[Applause]
[Applause]
Al
[Music]
Allah
[Music]
Allah
[Music]
[Music]
get
[Music]
to
well it's important that we have treble
British Aid and what you can see behind
me is more Aid going in but you're right
it's vital we can actually get it into
Gaza and crucially once it's in Gaza get
it around Gaza what I was saying
yesterday to the israelies they've got
to deal with the bottlenecks they've got
to make sure the crossing points are
open more often they got to make sure
the checking is done more quickly
they've got crucially to give the visas
to the UN staff and the the the the
trucks that the UN staff need to get the
aid around
Gaza
what I was saying saying is look it's
time for an immediate pause in the
fighting because we've got to not only
get the aid in but crucially we've got
to get those hostages out and what I
think we can do now is plan for how you
turn that pause into a permanent
sustainable ceasefire without a return
to fighting that's what I was pushing on
him and that's what I'll be talking
about here today there quite a progress
with with getting rid of Isis so other
problems in the world but that one is
small than
I came here about 10 years
ago
facilities now for that to happen a lot
of things would have to happen you'd
have to see uh the Hamas leadership
leave Gaza you'd have to see the
instruments of terrorism being
dismantled in Gaza but you've also got
to see a political perspective so that
Palestinian people can see that there is
a route to having a Palestinian state to
having a new future so it's all those
things together that need to form part
of a proper
plan
[Music]
[Applause]
spe
[Music]
that
e