government supporters on the streets of
tan celebrate Iran's direct attack on
Israel they say Israel has been punished
for its crimes and they feel proud about
it however for an economy crippled by
years of sanctions the recent tensions
aren't good news it has led to further
devaluation of the currency and has put
an extra burden on the country's economy
although many citizens feel nervous few
expect an allout war is looming
it's probable that Israel will strike
Iran but given the distance between the
two countries a war will be too costly
for both sides and we will try to avoid
it a war can be very destructive for
both sides it will lead to mass
casualties and destruction of
infrastructure but I don't see it coming
now Iran has its Armed Forces on full
alert for a possible Israeli response
tan has stepped up preparation of its
missile defense systems and has
mobilized its Army of attack drones and
ballistics can cruise missiles president
Ibrahim RI says the attack amounted to
legitimate self-defense and in
accordance with international law he
says Iran's response to any new Israeli
attack will be more formidable and
painful the country's leaders say they
would instantly
retaliate they should expect a tougher
faster and more immediate strike this
time the Zionist should know they won't
have 12 days in fact the response time
they receive will not be days or hours
it will be within seconds
Iran says it doesn't want further
escalation but there are fears that a
cycle of attacks and counterattacks may
continue it is probable that Israel will
give a limited response and Iran
retaliates again this situation may
continue and we may see regular conflict
between Iran and Israel similar to
current clashes between Israel and
hisbah Iranian officials say a new
equation has emerged and from now on
Israel will be struck directly if it
attacks Manan interests anywhere in the
world signaling a yearslong shadow war
between the arch foes is out in the
openam trt world tan
[Music]