well it was relatively calm up there
interestingly enough given debt to
Israel had warned citizens in the north
of the Palestinian claim that they
should flee immediately because Israel
was going to quote unquote intensify its
operations out there sounded very much
like the Israeli Air Force was getting
ready to carpet bomb entire
neighborhoods or areas up there but
nothing of that happened not so far and
this may be perhaps because as you
mentioned earlier Egypt is now
announcing that it is trying to push
forward an initiative which would lead
to a ceasefire that could go into effect
as early as a Tuesday morning we've had
no confirmation so far from either of
the parties concerned whether it be
Hamas or Israel that this is indeed on
the table and being considered while
either of these parties but again this
afternoon was relatively common the
north we did see strikes here and there
and as you mentioned there were more
casualties today in Gaza dissent as many
of three different waves of drones
apparently Iranian mate drones over
Israeli territory some of them according
to Hamas even flew over the Israeli
Ministry of Defense and took pictures of
it there's no independent confirmation
of that so far but this is yet another
tool a new tool that the Hamas has put
on the display during this latest round
of escalation between it and Israel and
this has really been basically Hamas
again displaying its new tools and the
different manners in which it has
increased its tactical military
capabilities whether it be through
long-range missiles or a naval commandos
trying to perform missions to reach the
Israeli coast and now these UAVs of
flying over Israeli territory