the attack by Iran and Israel in
response to the air strike on the
Iranian Embassy attack in Damascus on
1st April evoked strong Global reactions
India conveyed serious concerns over the
escalating hostilities calling for an
immediate deescalation with India's
external Affairs Ministry appealing to
both sides to step back from further
violence and returning to the path of
diplomatic resolution Saudi Arabia also
expressed deep concerns over these
milary escalations cautioning all
parties to exercise maximum restraint
the Saudi Arabian foreign Ministry also
called upon the United Nations security
Council to fulfill its responsibility to
Global security warning of grave
consequences for the region if the
conflict were to expand any further un
Chief Antonio GES while strongly
condemning the attack on Israel called
for an immediate sensation of
hostilities warning that neither the
region nor the world can afford another
War the United Nations security Council
has called an emergency meeting
scheduled to be held at 8:00 p.m. GMT
today to discuss the attack the meeting
comes at the behest of gilad Eran the
Israeli ambassador to the United Nations
Israel has requested the council
designate the Iranian revolutionary
guard Kaa as a terrorist
organization German Chancellor Olaf
Schulz has termed the ACT unjustifiable
and highly irresponsible Schulz has
warned Duran that it risks further
escalation he has also confirmed that
Germany is in conversation with its G7
allies as the situation unfolds in the
region British prime minister Rishi
sunak also strongly condemned the strike
as Reckless risking inflaming tensions
and
destabilizing the region prime minister
sunak has gone further to state that
this attack once again demonstrates
Iran's intent on sewing chaos in its
backyard much like his American
counterpart the British prime minister
also doubled down on UK's support for
Israel's security along with regional
Partners such as Jordan and Iraq
condemnations from Iran's escalations
are also coming in from other Western
allies such as Canada Spain Norway
France Italy Netherlands Denmark the Z
Republic
Habibi for all the latest news download
the weon app And subscribe to our
YouTube channel