5 months into the Gaza War Palestinians
are preparing for the holy month of
Ramadan this also comes with the fear of
an imminent Israeli invasion in the Gaza
Strip the conditions in the waron
onclave remain dire now displaced
Palestinians in Rafa say that they are
struggling to find basic essential Goods
ahead of the Muslim fasting month of
Ramadan most of the food items are
packed with intins which are not fresh
and unaffordable for local
civilians
I came here to buy but I can't find
anything to buy there's nothing there
are no dates or milk or anything one
can't find anything for their children
how are we supposed to do
so the visuals on your screen show a US
vessel which has departed for the
Mediterranean this vessel is carrying
equipment for building a a temporary
pair in Gaza earlier Pentagon had said
this temporary Aid Port could take up to
60 days to be up and running however the
aid groups claim that this time period
is too long given the risk of famine in
the besieged strip as Israel is
continuing with its offensive against
Hamas a doctor who was working in Gaza
for 3 weeks described the humanitarian
catastrophe that is unfolding in
Gaza it's not just about planes that are
dropping bombs it's not just about homes
that are destroyed and people that are
displaced but all aspects of Life are
impacted in the Gaza Strip and I felt it
I mean there's a shortage of food
everybody's hearing now about the 20
children who have died from starvation
and dehydration but also there's people
who are actually hungry there you see
them they're wondering where their next
meal will come
from the situation is worse in the
northern region of Gaza Palestinian
Health authorities say 15 children have
now died of malnutrition or dehydration
at One hospital an Italian military
plane airlifted injured Garen children
from Cairo a total of 45 people 14
children eight adults and 23 others
boarded the Italian Air Force plane the
youngest patient is a 4-month-old baby
named
[Music]
Isel