we have been reporting from kibud Perry
which is the worst hitter area by the
Hamas attack I'll also speak to LA but
let me show you the visuals like how the
buildings here were completely attacked
as you can see there are bullet
magazines there are helmet of the Hamas
terrorist and the complete area has been
Cen enough we have been reporting with
Israel Defense Force and what we see on
your screen is the Hamas terrorist who
enter the kibuts berry on 7th of October
and they have destroyed many of the
houses of the people there were more
than 120 people people who were killed
not only this but the children and the
people were abducted from uh kibud Berry
and it's the most uh hit areas been told
by Hamas attack I'll just ask my video G
to show you the visuals in and around
while speaking to lab also can give a
better uh you know uh information about
as far as the kib booots ber is
concerned while we are also speaking La
we've been hearing there are explosion
but this is a retaliation by Israel
forces
exactly what what we hear
now so there there is an alert there is
there is there is an alert which has
been given by as you can hear there are
explosion which is been underway and we
have been reporting from kibuts Perry
and there was alert that was given by uh
the forces and there were some of the
explosion that also happened we'll just
move see as you can see on on the
visuals as you can see there are
explosion that has been the rocket that
has been fired by the Hamas terrorist
it was uh it is being targeted here at
the kibuts berry as you can see on your
screen where the Hamas terrorist been
firing the Rockets which is now been
intercepted by Israel but visuals on
your screen it was Target on the same
location where we have been reporting
it's a kibud Perry which is known to be
the worst affected area from the October
7 many people were killed and you can
hear there are
explosion
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]