it took over a month but the United
Nations security Council has finally
managed to adopt a resolution calling
for humanitarian pauses in Gaza this
resolution which was drafted by Malta
focuses in particular on the plight of
children it's very similar to one that
was put forward by Brazil in mid October
but since then the Israeli military
assault on Gaza has continued and
thousands more lives have been lost it
got 12 votes in favor none against and
three abstentions from the US the UK and
Russia the US ambassador said to the
council said that the council had one
urgent goal and that was to save
innocent lives the lives of those caught
in the crossfire in Gaza but she
lamented the fact that this resolution
uh did not make any mention of the Hamas
attacks Russia tried to add an amendment
uh to this resolution calling for a
truce leading to a cessation of
hostilities but it didn't get enough
support in the council to be adopted
into this text Russia however took the
opportunity to take aim at the United
States once again the Russian Ambassador
said that the US had consistently
blocked any even the weakest references
to a ceasefire Malta said that this was
really a vote for the well-being of
children and that uh uh the votes would
translate into real human lives civilian
lives uh the Ambassador said that
children are suffering
disproportionately now the question is
uh how and when this resolution will be
enforced Israel said that it was
detached from the reality on the ground
and uh expressed anger that it does not
condemn Hamas and insisted that Israel
is already implementing humanitarian
pauses Human Rights Watch released a
statement saying that this vote should
really be a wakeup call to Israel that
Global concern even amongst its allies
is strong