Hezbollah said an attack on Israel's
northern border late Tuesday and early
Wednesday was in response to the deaths
of three of its members in Israeli
strikes Monday raising fears for Israeli
forces of having to fight on two fronts
meanwhile the death toll in both Israel
and the Gaza Strip increased as fighting
continued there terrorism specialist
Mary Eisen says Hamas gunmen could still
be hiding inside Israel the systematic
finding now of the teror nests that they
built in and around that's something
that can go on for days this is
dangerous times we're talking about a
pre-planned full-scale Massacre attack
in eisen's view Israel must continue its
attacks on Hamas until the group's
military capability is destroyed but she
notes a ground invasion of Gaza would be
complicated we need to get to the Hamas
Terror infrastructure meaning they came
in with thousands they still have tens
of thousands inside the Gaza Strip you
can only through a ground incursion
really systematically get to these Teran
nests where are the teranes in the heart
of the Gaza Strip inside the
neighborhoods the refugee camps the
different buildings themselves by early
Wednesday Israel said it had carried out
air strikes on more than 2600 Targets in
Gaza fueling accusations of Israeli
atrocities against Palestinian civilians
Gaza right now is suffering
from uh genocide side Israeli air forces
are striking residential neighborhoods
killing up until this moment 1,000
Palestinian
civilians uh almost half of them are
children at the same time Israel is
working on the
international uh Arena to
convey uh uh a different story many in
Gaza warn of a growing humanit iian
crisis Israel has cut off electricity
and water to the enclave and the power
plant there is due to stop supplying
electricity on Wednesday hundreds of
thousands of Palestinians have fled
their homes fearing Israeli attacks and
have been Sheltering in schools and
other facilities Linda gradstein vaa
news
Jerusalem