indeed also there are reports that
Iranian security officials helped Hamas
plan the surprise attack and approved it
at a meeting in Beirut last Monday in
fact to quote the Hamas Iranian support
for the assault was a point of Pride
however we know now thean has denied
this on the UN floor what are you
hearing on the ground at the moment as
far as Iran's support is
concerned well uh every time Iran is
mentioned we have seen in last several
years there are entire think tanks who
work on this Iran being behind all these
attacks and supporting the militants in
Gaza so squarely here in Israel Iran is
being blamed and Iran is uh uh seem to
be a factor Behind These coordinated
attacks well planned attack so even if
Iran is refusing there in in the UN or
even if it is refusing at any B Forum it
does not matter because uh here in
Israel the security forces beat Security
Forces all uh the experts or people who
have worked with the security forces in
the army or the common people they do
believe that everything that has
happened has definitely Iran stamp on it
is stamp on it so this is something
which is not going to go away just
because Iran is denying it this is not
going to happen and the uh what happens
next is what is the important point and
this is what the world lead the world uh
leaders the West is trying to avoid uh
we have seen how Biden Joe Biden
American president he has said that he
will not allow any third player to get
into this now this is exactly the reason
that these statements are coming the
their n Naval uh the ships are being
sent here warships are being sent here
because if the situation here escalates
if Israel decides to go beyond Hamas
Beyond Gaza then what happens next so
that is a big question and that is a
fear which which everyone knows and that
is a complication which everyone is
trying to avoid because this is not
going to be good for the entire region
or even the other players or other world
powers or other countries at all