all right for more on this we were
earlier joined by Professor James
Russell who's an associate professor in
the Department of National Security
Affairs at NPS where he teaches us
foreign policy in the Middle East
Military Innovation and National
Security strategy listen into what he
had to say on how things have
unfolded it's morally reprehensible
Behavior I I I don't know how else to
describe this um uh and it makes me
ashamed uh to be an American citizen
watching our leadership behave in this
manner the Palestinians have been
slaughtered uh wholesale over the last
five months with American bombs American
Munitions and I might add that as these
latest calls are coming on the United
States again from his wife to Stop The
Killing um President Biden is pressing
the Senate to uh proceed with another
$15 billion sale of advanced combat
aircraft to the
Israelis I mean it it it it's it's just
uh um I I don't know how to how to
explain this uh it it's just it's it's
morally reprehensible and and I might
add right so I've I've been a an
observer of foreign policy and American
Presidents over the course of my 30 plus
careers in the Department of Defense and
of course presidents tend to do this
public officials tend to do this but in
this particular
case it it's just really it's it's I've
used this term morally reprehensible but
President Biden has been leaking stories
to the press for the last month and a
half about how upset he is about this
and how you know he's uh opposed to what
president Netanyahu is doing but
refuses but he refuses to take a public
stand and take meaningful action to do
anything about it and to me this raises
this whole question right of uh of of
all all countries with their leaders
face this which is that so what are the
actual uh real convictions of the person
in charge right if they're leaking
stories about how they're opposing but
they're afraid to take a public stand
against it
I mean that's what the job
is