nearly 7 weeks after being taken hostage
by Hamas terrorists 24 Israeli and
foreign citizens released to Israel this
video recorded by Hamas showing the
moment that Handover took place a convoy
of Red Cross ambulances carrying the
group into Egypt 13 Israeli citizens 10
Thai citizens and one Filipino
citizen prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu says Israel is committed to
the return of all
236 abductees the released hostages
include mothers with children as young
as two and women from 79 to 85 years old
now undergoing the delicate process of
reuniting with their families President
Joe Biden today addressing the release
from nent Tucket I've consistently
pressed for a pause in the fighting for
two reasons to accelerate and expand
humanitarian assistance going into Gaza
and two to facilitate the release of
hostages in exchange Israel releasing 39
Palestinian women and teenage Prisoners
the temporary ceasefire also providing
the opportunity to send more than 200
Aid trucks into Gaza in Gaza hundreds of
people seen flooding the streets
temporarily safe from
shelling this woman saying my entire
house was destroyed this is all I could
come out with we thank God for
everything while the ceasefire remains
intact more exchanges are expected for
at least at least three more days I went
to
cry this is why I came today because I
wanted to hug the families that are not
getting their dears
one hi everyone Geor Stephanopoulos here
thanks for checking out the ABC News
YouTube channel if you'd like to get
more videos show highlights and watch
live event coverage click on the right
over here to subscribe to our Channel
and don't forget to download the ABC
News app for breaking news alerts thanks
for watching