prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu said
ISRO was quote striking at our enemies
with unprecedented might on Friday and
emphasized that quote this is just the
beginning Israeli infantry made their
first raids into the Gaza Strip Friday
and vow to annihilate Hamas after its
Fighters stormed through towns and
villages in southern Israel last week
killing 1,300 Israelis mainly civilians
and making off with scores of hostages
Netanyahu added our enemies have only
begun paying the price and I won't
detail what is yet to
come so far troops backed by tanks have
mounted raids to attack Palestinian
rocket Crews and sought information
about the location of hostages according
to an Israeli military spokesperson this
follows air strikes that Gaza
authorities say killed nearly 2,000
people on Friday estro gave more than a
million residents of the northern half
of Gaza 24 hours to flee to the South to
avoid an onslaught Hamas fou to fight to
the last drop of blood and told
residents to stay the situation in Gaza
has reached a dangerous new low
meanwhile un Secretary General Antonio
gutterz warned of a disaster if so many
people were forced to flee and said the
siege of The Enclave should be lifted to
let in Aid we need immediate
humanitarian access throughout Gaza so
that we can get Fel food and water to
everyone in need even Wars have
rules earlier a un spokesperson said it
would be impossible for Gins to obey
Israel's relocation order without
devastating humanitarian consequences
Israel responded that the UN should
condemn Hamas and support Israel's right
to self-defense tens of thousands are
estimated to have fled South in Gaza
after the notice to evacuate the UN said
Friday Gaza authorities said 70 people
were killed and 200 were wounded when
eastrail struck cars and trucks carrying
people fleeing rotis could not
independently verify the reported
incident