the people of Gaza desperately need food
medicine and shelter the sacred promise
to work for a better future for all
those were the words of Bo
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Biden it's about the promises we make to
our children who deserve chance to
[Music]
succeed to work and I know when we're
elected to office we each make a sacred
[Music]
promise our children who deserve a
chance to succeed the promises we make
to each other the sacred promise to work
for a better future for all those were
the words of Bo
[Applause]
Biden this evening in this white house
I'm also reminded
by the words of another great Irish
American President John F Kennedy who
spoke to the rockus the Irish parliament
in the final months of his life for the
island of
1963 one of the youngest of Nations and
the oldest of civilizations President
Kennedy issued a challenge to the Irish
Nation to be the protector of the weak
and small and when somebody dies before
their time as he did their words can
assume a kind of Prophecy a sort of
sacred promise for the future
future as a country we've tried to live
up to the mission he set for us when he
predicted that one day we would have
something to give the world a future of
peace with
freedom and those words resonate even
more strongly
today and tonight let us all reflect on
the words of President Kennedy when he
urged us to do the most important work
of Peace in protecting the weak and
small and as he said in the Irish
Parliament from Cork to Congo from gway
to the Gaza
[Music]
Strip
[Music]
the people of Gaza desperately need food
medicine and shelter and most especially
they need the bombs to stop this has to
stop on both sides the hostages brought
home and humanitarian relief allowed
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
in
[Music]
subscribe to our YouTube channel don't
forget to like our videos and hit the
Bell icon to stay updated with the
latest
lest