israel has warned its embassies around
the world of a possible terror threat
from iran this according to an israeli
news channel report according to channel
12 news israeli diplomats across the
globe have been told to remain on high
alert following the arrest of an as
azeri national over an alleged plot to
assassinate israeli business people in
cyprus the network also said three
suspects in the foiled attack are
suspected to have fled from cyprus iran
has been behind repeated threats against
israeli and israeli missions around the
world over the years in much this year
the national security council warned
israelis they could be targeted by the
islamic republic abroad it said that
iran was behind a bombing attack near
the israeli embassy in india in january
which did not cause casualties our
correspondent jodi kohan sent us this
report
according to sources israel has put its
embassies on high alert of a possible
iranian terror threat this follows a
warning in march that israelis abroad
could be targeted a bombing attack in
january near israel's embassy in delhi
and a potential targeting last week of
israeli citizens in cyprus which israel
attributes to the islamic republic this
comes amid a meeting set for next week
between israeli foreign minister yair
lapid and u.s secretary of state anthony
blinken to discuss a potential imminent
revival of talks on the 2015 nuclear
deal
israel and its allies have long argued
that the nuclear agreement needs to
ensure iran cannot develop nuclear
weapons and needs to limit iran's
activities across the region including
support for terror groups this is jody
cohen from the pm's residence
for weon world is one
[Music]