in a rather interesting turn of events
US Special Envoy for Yemen Tim lender
King has left the door open for
Washington to again remove the terror
designation from houti reels now however
there is a caveat here what the next
story to know
more
houthis have been Relentless one of the
world's busiest shipping lanes is
crippled the US has deployed its best
Naval assets to stop the houi attacks
the US UK and allies launched a military
campaign dubbed operation Prosperity gin
in December 2023 to protect shipping in
the Red
[Music]
Sea multiple air strikes on the houti
bases have proven to be
futile the Yemen based Rebels have
become even more emboldened along with
commercial ships they have also started
attacking US Navy ships the Iran
alligned houis who control Yemen's
capital and most populous areas have
attacked International shipping in the
Red Sea since November in what they say
solidarity with the
Palestinians drone and missile attacks
against commercial shipping has choked
trade through the vital Su Canal linking
Asia and Europe and forced many ships to
take the longer Route Around Africa
caught in the crossfire Washington
explored potential concessions to Iran
as leverage to pressure their ho proxies
into deescalation but with the backd
door diplomacy failing the Biden
Administration now hints that it is open
to removing houthis from its list of
designated terrorist
organizations the condition will they
have to stop attacking ships in the Red
Sea and Gulf of
aen experts point at confusion in the
white house as the houthis were labeled
as a terror group by the US just 3
months back interestingly former
president Donald Trump originally
designated the houis a terrorist
organization in January
2021 this was one of his last acts in
office a decision only to be reversed by
the Biden
Administration bu report we on world is
[Music]
one