widescale destruction was seen at gaza's
alifa hospital in Gaza City following
the withdrawal of Israeli forces from
the site after a twoe operation with
access to gaza's biggest Hospital
severely restricted the Israeli and
Palestinian versions differed sharply a
who clip showed what has become a
wasteland of destroyed buildings with a
section of its Courtyard turned into a
mass makeshift grave it was the second
major Israeli incursion into a shifa
hospital after an early operation in
November Palestinians slammed the raid
on a hospital treating severely wounded
patients a war crime a key Gaza
officials said Israeli forces had killed
400 in and around the hospital including
a woman doctor and her son also a doctor
and put the
facility out of action on the other hand
Israeli officials say special forces
units conducted a targeted strike
against a Hamas stronghold deliberately
located among vulnerable civilians
Israeli military say the site had been
turned into a major Operating Center by
the Palestinian groups Hamas and Islamic
Jihad spokesperson Daniel hagari stated
200 militants and two Israeli servicemen
had been killed during the operation and
over 900 suspected militants detained he
added some 500 were identified as Hamas
or Islamic Jihad including senior
commanders and officials an Israeli
government spokesperson praised the twoe
military operation inside gaza's largest
hospital complex as a victory over the
Hamas group AI hman of Israel's national
public diplomacy directorate said the
Israeli raid on Gaza Hospital set the
goal standard for
strategists displaced Palestinians who
had sought Refuge at the hosit hospital
and had been evacuated on several
occasions gathered not knowing where
they would go next over 32,000
Palestinians have been killed in
Israel's military offensive in Gaza
since October 7th Gaza Health officials
say most of the fatalities are civilians
while isra says says at least a third
are
[Music]
Fighters
I have nothing left my house was bombed
and everything has gone I have nothing
left I sought shelter at schools but
they told me there was no space for me
where do I go for all the latest news
download the weon app And subscribe to
our YouTube channel