we've
launched operation Prosperity Guardian
the United States announced the launch
of a new international Maritime force in
response to Yemen's houthi attacks on
Red Sea shipping but just over a week
after the launch many US allies don't
want to be associated with it publicly
or at all the Pentagon says 20 countries
have signed up for the defensive
Coalition operation Prosperity Guardian
it aims to ensure billions of dollars
worth of Commerce can flow freely
through a vital shipping choke point in
the Red
Sea as the houthis try to inflict an
international cost over Israel's
campaign in Gaza but nearly half of
those countries have so far not come
forward to acknowledge their
contributions or allowed the us to do so
the iran-backed houthis have attacked or
seized a dozen ships with missiles and
drones since November 19th the EU has
signaled its support of the maritime
task force with a joint statement
condemning the houthi
attacks Italy and Spain issued
statements appearing to distance
themselves from the maritime Force Saudi
Arabia and the UAE have proclaimed no
interest in the Venture the reluctance
is partly explained by public anger over
Israel's Gaza offensive launched after
the October 7th Rampage in southern
Israel by Hamas militants that killed
1200 people there is also the risk that
participating countries become subject
to houthi
retaliation that appears to be the case
for India which is unlikely to join the
US operation according to a senior
Indian military official many European
and Gulf countries already participate
in one of several us-led military groups
in the Middle East some countries not
forly joining the Red Sea Maritime task
force could still coordinate patrols
with the US
Navy