what started as a catering job at
Israel's Nova Festival on October 7th
soon turned into a nightmare for
brothers R and rif
rashed the pair who are of the Arab
minority Drew's Faith which draws its
roots from Islam have been hired for the
allight music
event but they instead found themselves
fleeing for their lives when Hamas
militants rampaged through the crowds
just after
Dawn despite being Arabic speakers R
says they still couldn't fully
comprehend what was happening as the
celebratory atmosphere became one of
horror he ran through the trees to a
parked vehicle filming as he fled with
the sound of gunfire in the background I
saw 10 a
terrorist just do Lynch to kid you know
with hammers I hear I hear them I don't
understand what what is that and then
and then understand here 10 people here
10 five terrorist it's like a
chaos I don't
understand I I sued to to record them
like a few
second and then I take a look in the
side I so
car coming to m to me 250 people were
killed in the surprise crossborder
attack that has sparked the worst
hostilities for decades in the Israeli
Palestinian conflict
the brothers were separated in the chaos
that R paired up with another Festival
worker and
ran back home in Northern Israel around
120 miles from the festival site near
kabit raim he said the incident has had
a profound impact on
him on this day I was
reborn I now have two birth dates the
original one on March 15th and the new
one on October 7th because what I live
through on October 7th are unbelievable
things what I have seen I never imagined
I would see what I saw why wasn't me
from all the people on Earth to see what
happened the people who we lost have
left for
nothing the girls who have gone for
nothing they were begging for Hamas not
to kill them but they were having fun
with them they took them by their hair
and shot them in the head
why I will never see a day more
difficult than that day it is the
toughest day in the history of the
country Israel says 1,400 people were
killed and around 240 hostages were
taken that
day many of them are thought to be in
captivity in hamas's vast Gaza tunnel
Network which Israeli troops have begun
attacking Health authorities in Mass run
Gaza say that over
8,500 Palestinians have been killed by
the Israeli attacks since October 7th a
third of those are thought to be
minors