it is now day 19 in the Israel Hamas War
here are the most recent developments
Cutter's prime minister said today that
there is some progress on hostage
negotiations he says he hopes there will
be breakthroughs on hostage releases
soon the head of lebanon's Hezbollah met
top leaders of the Palestinian militant
factions Hamas and Islamic Jihad today
Hezbollah said the leaders discussed
what their Alliance must do to quote
achieve a real victory for the
resistance nearly six lock internally
displaced people are Sheltering in 150
United Nations Palestinian refugee
agency facilities in Gaza the Israeli
military accused Iran today of having
ordered recent attacks by ton backed
militias in Yemen Iraq and Lebanon at
the United Nations the United States and
Russia put forward rival plans on how to
help Palestinian civilians the US has
called for pauses in the fighting and
Russia wants a humanitarian ceasefire a
pause is generally considered less
formal and shorter than a ceasefire the
New Jersey Air National Guard's 119th
expeditionary Fighter Squadron arrived
in the Middle East yesterday according
to the Pentagon press secretary US
President Joe Biden and Saudi Arabian
Crown Prince Muhammad bin Salman
discussed the conflict between Israel
and Hamas during a phone call earlier
President Biden told reporters quote the
Israelis can make their own decisions
Israeli forces on an overnight raid in
the occupied West Bank came under Fire
by a group of Palestinians the IDF says
they hit the area with a drone
Palestinian officials say three people
were killed Israel's military says it's
jet struck Syrian Army infrastructure
and mortar launchers early Wednesday in
what it described as a response to
rocket launches from Syria towards
Israel India's Deputy permanent
representative to the United Nations
says India has sent 38 tons of food and
critical medical equipment to Gaza thank
you for joining us for this update stay
tuned as we continue to bring you the
latest developments in this complex and
evolving
situation