this attack took Israel completely by
surprise the combination of thousands of
rockets fired at Israel and the breaking
down of the Gaza border fence suggests
an operation that was months in the
planning and with outside help probably
from
Iran it also points to a major failing
of Israeli
intelligence Hamas has made a grave
mistake this morning it launched a war
against the state of Israel Israeli
Defense Forces troops are fighting
against the enemy at every location of
infiltration I call on all citizens to
follow the security instructions from
the home front command the state of
Israel will win this
war as Israel struggled to regain
control of the situation support from
its Western allies was unequivocal the
evidence that we have seen thus far
looked to be uh atrocious terrorist act
we completely support Israel's right to
defend itself its people its borders the
security situation in the West Bank and
Gaza has been deteriorating all year
2023 has been the most violent year for
two decades and that would have been
part of hass's motive
Israel has also been deeply divided
domestically over controversial judicial
reforms and its enemies might see this
as an opportunity to test any weaknesses
now look at what happens when we make
peace between Saudi Arabia and Israel
but in recent weeks Israel has been
moving closer to a peace deal with Saudi
[Music]
Arabia Iran which supports Hamas is
against that and today's attack might be
an attempt to Scupper an
agreement the Israeli military has now
confirmed that some Israelis have been
kidnapped and taken into Gaza a ground
operation to rescue them now seems
likely but that would come at some huge
cost
this is not the normal round of
violence it is outright War
instinctively Israel will want to hit
Hamas in Gaza hard than it has maybe
ever before but Benjamin Netanyahu is
desperate for peace with Saudi Arabia
and so that will play on his mind when
he considers the response alist bunkle
Sky News