want this resolution to pass for the
sake of civilians in the Gaza Strip who
are facing dire uh circumstances now
this is not a ceasefire resolution that
would never be allowed to pass the
United States would certainly veto any
kind of resolution calling for a
ceasefire as it has done already in the
past this resolution calls for a
suspension of hostilities and it also
crucially calls for a un monitoring
mechanism uh to keep an eye on uh the
supply of Aid coming into the Gaza Strip
and facilitate that and it seems that
two sticking points uh for the United
States are this suspension of
hostilities the US does not want it to
seem like there would be any kind of
more permanent pause in the fighting the
US like Israel has argued that a
ceasefire of any sort would only benefit
Hamas but it also seems that the United
States has a problem with the United
Nations taking over supervision of aid
coming into Gaza uh because Israel wants
to stay in control of this and so we've
heard from diplomats that the United
States put forward yet again another
version of this text ENT essentially
killing the part about a un monitoring
mechanism for Aid uh but uh the
countries that penned this resolution do
not want to water it down further and so
at this point it seems quite likely that
we might be headed towards another us V
of a security Council resolution which
would be quite devastating for civilians
there on the ground we've also heard
from diplomats that the US ambassador to
the United Nations Linda Thomas
Greenfield was in DC last night and that
she uh uh may have spoken directly to
Biden uh to ask for the United States uh
not to veto uh but then again this is
this cannot be confirmed this is only
what some diplomats here have been
telling us certainly it seems that there
is unease within the Biden
Administration ation and some
differences of opinion on how this issue
should be tackled here at the United
Nations on on just to to what extent uh
the United States should support Israel
here at the UN