we St in Gaza where Israeli forces
continue their offensive against Hamas
the IDF says right now in the heart of
Gaza City and over 14,000 Hamas targets
have been hit and amid the rising
civilian death toll Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu once again
says no ceasefire unless all the
hostages are released eing J has
more the Israeli military continues to
push forward with their air and ground
defense
with Israeli defense minister yuav
Gallant announcing on Tuesday that the
Israel Defense Forces troops are now in
the heart of Gaza City Ken setti forces
moved in with coordination from its Air
Force and navy IDE of spokesperson re
Admiral Daniel hagari reiterated
Israel's stance that there will be no
ceasefire as it continues with its
offensives in the Gaza Strip answering
calls for a humanitarian ceasefire and
criticism that too many Palestinian
civilians have have been killed hagari
said that the IDF has hit more than
14,000 Hamas Targets in the region
destroyed more than 100 tunnels and
captured 4,000 weapons which he said
were hidden in civilian infrastructure
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu also
reiterated his stance on Tuesday that
there will be no fuel delivered to Gaza
nor a ceasefire with Hamas unless
hostages seized by the Palestinian
militant group are freed the comments
were made during televised statement
marking 1 month since Hamas launched an
attack against Israel on October 7th the
Prime Minister also warned Iran backed
Hezbollah that it would be making the
mistake of its life if it opens a new
front in the armed conflict from its
base in Lebanon while Netanyahu called
on Palestinian civilians to move South
for their own safety he made it clear
that Israel will not stop with his
offensives in the Gaza Strip E adang
news