chief executive of state-owned Israel
Aerospace Industries the primary builder
of the Aeros system stated that the
system has been operational for decades
in a key Milestone on Saturday the arrow
3 was used for the very first time
against ballistic missiles in a salvo
scenario the missile defense system
effectively intercepted Munitions inside
and outside the atmosphere the arrow
success on Saturday night in defending
Israel is likely to please Germany which
recently signed a contract with Israel
and the United States to procure the
arrow 3
system now the arrow 3 is a US Israeli
built missile defense Interceptor
designed to defeat medium- range
ballistic missiles the missile uses a
hit to kill Warhead to engage Targets in
space as well and it is the longest
range Interceptor currently fielded with
the arrow weapon system complimenting
the arrow 2 which engages Targets in the
upper atmosphere so the arrow 3
Interceptor interfaces with the arrow
weapon system which includes a launcher
groundbased radar and battle management
system the AR3 missile consists of a
two-stage solid fueled booster with a
separating kinetic kill
vehicle the missile fits in a 21in
vertical launch tube and has an
estimated fly out range of up to 2400 km
now the arrow 3's boosters and kill
vehicle employ thrust vector control for
maneuvering and as for the center for
strategic and International Studies the
Interceptor also includes a Deployable
rare flare for added aerodynamic
stability if Israel Strikes Back at Iran
it could risk losing international
support and have to defend its airspace
alone but the arrow 3 has proved itself
to be more than capable of holding off
any kind of projectiles coming towards
Israel like the one we saw recently
which are fired from Iran
[Music]