well it was a short hearing but Hmong
Juan Jose appearance at BC Supreme Court
today was anything but dull from scores
of international media to a protester
burning a Chinese flag the circus
surrounded the wall ways CFOs potential
extradition to the US is showing no
signs of stopping CTV Shannon Patterson
has more from the moment she left her
Vancouver home flanked by her security
detail to Supreme Court for a short
procedural hearing Huawei CFO bongwon
Joe was mobbed by local and
international media do you think this
circus will continue oh yeah this is way
beyond an extradition case it's now way
beyond a trade negotiation we are at the
international diplomatic level outside a
protester burned a Chinese flag inside
the packed courtroom mungs lawyer voiced
concerns about political interference
and comments by the US president
certainly going to be brought up and
that might be part of the overall
motivation Hmong may argue politics are
behind her extradition but politics
could also be her easiest way out I
can't see it wrapping up in under five
years unless President Trump in the next
2-3 months satisfactorily concludes his
trade negotiations with China in which
case I suspect extradition is closed
it's a matter of convincing the
Americans to strike her name from the
indictment and that's the only way that
this is going to be resolved
Hmong is expected to launch a civil
lawsuit against the US government
similar to one she's already filed
against Canada we're going to see this
case parade through the courts for years
and years to come on both the civil
litigation side and the extradition side
moong will be back in court for her
extradition case on May 8th and so will
the cameras
Shannon Patterson CTV News Vancouver