help us defense secretary Lloyd Austin
made clear at the start of this Tuesday
meeting with the Israeli defense
minister yoab Galant that in Gaza right
now the casualties are far too high and
the amount of Aid getting in is far too
low Gaza is suffering a humanitarian
catastrophe and the situation is getting
even worse the situation in Rafa is the
main source of contention the US leaning
heavily on Israel to come up with an
alternative to its planned ground
Invasion there where over a million
Palestinians are Sheltering the only
place left with some semblance of an
infrastructure we're working with Israel
to ensure that an outrage like October 7
can never happen again and the United
States will not rest until all the
hostages are home our goal is to make
Israel and the region safer and more
secure
and as I have consistently said
protecting Palestinian civilians from
harm is both a moral necessity and a
strategic imperative Gant told Austin
that Israel's two main goals remain
unchanged the destruction of Hamas
organization and bringing back the
Israeli hostages back home this high
level meetings come despite Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
yanking a planned visit this week by an
Israeli delegation to the White House
and with no breakthroughs in Washington
and a United Nations ceasefire and
hostage release demand that both Israel
and Hamas have so far ignored all eyes
continue to be on Doha where ceasefire
negotiations have continued through
nearly 6 months of fighting and Israel
said Tuesday it was pulling its
negotiators from those talks still angry
over the United Nations resolution
calling hostage talks with Hamas at a
dead end Andy rosan trt world