this morning Jewish students are
demanding action from Washington they
say they're living in fear on college
campuses as the war rages between Israel
and Hamas here's the context it's open
season on Jews on our campus a
congressional committee yesterday hosted
students from nine schools including
Harvard MIT Colombia and Stanford who
implored lawmakers to hold their
universities accountable the students
accuse the schools of not doing enough
to fight increasing hatred toward Jews
systemic change is needed the
universities have proven they have no
intention of fixing themselves the
students shared stories of harassment
and assault on campus claiming their
complaints often go ignored we have been
attacked with sticks outside of our
library we have been surrounded by Angry
mobs and we have been threatened to
quote keep running this past Monday at
UC
Berkeley protesters shad shed glass
doors at an auditorium where a former
member of the Israeli Defense Force was
scheduled to speak I was more than
prepared to give this opening before
Monday night but I had to rewrite my
remarks due to a violent Riot targeting
Jews at Berkeley UC Berkeley says it's
investigating the presidents of several
schools were grilled on Capitol Hill
back in December some later resigning
some schools have insisted they are
addressing concerns about anti-Semitism
saying security is a top priority at
Harvard the co-chair of the school's
anti-Semitism task force resigned this
week some observers call it another
setback for efforts to address the issue
on
campus hi everyone George Stephanopoulos
here thanks for checking out the ABC
News YouTube channel if you'd like to
get more videos show highlights and
watch live event coverage click on the
right over here to subscribe to our
Channel and don't forget to download the
ABC News app for breaking news alerts
thanks for
watching