hi welcome back thanks for staying with
us on we on world is one I'm Isa hanspal
let's take a look at the headlines
[Music]
[Music]
first the Israeli police fired tear gas
shells to disperse worshippers during
Dawn prayers at the al- AKA mosque
compound in Jerusalem for a second day
in a row Israel claimed many worshippers
at the mosque were chanting provocative
slogans and there was no choice but to
remove
[Music]
them Islamic resistance in Iraq
announces a series of operations as its
Fighters carried out against Israeli
targets including an oil refinery it
says the attack is a response to Israeli
massacr against Palestinian civilians
including children women and the elderly
added the
[Music]
source Israeli Commandos recover the
body of a hostage held in Khan yunas in
the Gaza Strip the IDF says LED kader
plead for his release three months ago
in a video issued by his pales inian
Islamic Jihad
[Music]
captors Mexico Cuts ties with Ecuador
after its police arrests former vice
president J Glass from the Mexican
embassy in keto glass took Refuge after
Ecuador issued an arrest warrant for the
alleged
[Music]
corruption
Russia pounds Ukraine again six killed
10 injured in a strike off kke early on
Saturday Ukrainian President zelinski's
Chief of Staff says ukrainians may be
tiring but won't compromise with
[Music]
Putin Philippines charges China with
harassing its fishing vessels releases
video showing Chinese Coast Guard
vessels threatening them in manila's
exclusive economic zone in the South
China
[Music]
Sea over 700 people evacuated from their
homes in the Russian city of Ork Rising
Waters in the Ural River had flooded the
Riverside Villages and caused the dam to
burst
[Music]
Mal foreign minister extends gratitude
to India for renewing quotas that will
enable males to import essential
Commodities from India in the coming
Financial year India acknowledges says
it is committed to Neighborhood
[Music]
first
[Music]