on a street corner in carun a group of
men are doing what they can to help
preparing food for fellow
Palestinians many haven't eaten for days
and Israeli missiles are still flying
over their heads with no fuel available
burning wood is the only way they can
cook as you can see we are cooking on
fire because there is no gas we were
using gas for the first 2 days but we
ran out of gas we are left with nothing
so we are cooking over the fire for
people because they cannot afford to eat
or drink civilians want to leave some
people approach us while cooking saying
they hadn't eaten for 4 days many of the
Hungary have come from northern Gaza
after Israel's ultimatum to the more
than 1 million people living there some
of the cooks here are also displaced and
as more and more people come to carun
more and more people desperately need
feeding but supplies are
dwindling people run away without food
drink or shelter and they have nobody
looking out for them there is no one who
asks them what they want to eat or drink
we need support so people can eat and
drink so that we can provide them with
food and drinks thousands of people need
food there is no food or drink there
aren't even clothes there is
nothing it's not just food that is
running
out water is too these Palestinians
queue outside of a mosque in the hope of
providing for their families Aid has
been promised but for now it's stuck at
the Raffa border crossing with Egypt
with no agreement in place for
humanitarian Aid to come in the UN
estimates nearly 1 million people are
now displaced in Gaza and with Israel's
ground assault set to begin the
situation is only likely to get worse
Daniel padwick trt world oh