did Hamas raise funds on Israel's Stock
Exchange did Hamas profit from Short
Selling before the October 7 attacks a
whopping 862 million were made in
profits on additional Short Selling
there are some serious allegations being
made about whether Traders knew of a
possible Hamas attack on October 7th
before it happened and who is making
these allegations to two US researchers
have put out a report and this report
has been shared by the US with Israeli
authorities what is the allegation the
allegation is that some Traders profited
from short selling on Israeli Securities
so that Tel Aviv Stock Exchange there
were some Traders with possible
knowledge of an attack coming and they
made a profit with that information and
short selling what is short selling when
effectively some stocks are sold by
Traders in the anticipation that those
stock prices will fall and that helps
them to make a much bigger profit by
buying or picking up those shares again
and they made a huge profit as per what
this report claims now some of the facts
from this and the numbers are very
startling and I'm just going to take you
through those now this report says that
for Israel's largest Bank 4.43 million
new shares were sold short over the
period between September 14 and October
5 remember that Hamas Massacre took
place on October 7th and as a result of
that the short selling led to a profit
of
3.2 billion shek that's the Israeli
currency how much does that translate to
in US dollars it's a whopping
862
million and what's also startling about
this report is that it claims that the
profit made by certain unscrupulous
Traders is far far higher than what was
seen even during the 2014 Israel Gaza
war or even during the financial crisis
of 2008 the research report says and I
quote our finding suggests that Traders
informed about the coming attacks
profited from these tragic events and
consistent with prior literature we show
that trading of this kind occurs in gaps
in us and international enforcement of
legal prohibitions on informed trading
unquote Israel is now investigating
these
claims a Ty online
report from breaking news detailed
analysis in-depth interviews and
explainers for follow the times of India
subscribe to our YouTube channel don't
forget to like our videos and hit the
Bell icon to stay updated with the
latest