the now two week long war between Israel
and Hamas in Gaza and 20 months of
Russia's Invasion on Ukraine formed the
backdrop of the US EU Summit in
Washington between European commission
Chief Ursula ferline European Council
president Charles Michelle and US
President Joe Biden we stood together to
support the brave people of Ukraine in
the face of Putin's aggression and we
stood together to tackle the economic
challenges and establish standards to
guide our relationship with China
and uh we're standing together now to
support Israel in the wake of hamas's
appalling terrorist attack Wonder lion
said the war in Gaza will not distract
from the West's Rock Solid support for
Ukraine Putin will ultimately fail he is
running Russia into the
ground these conflicts show democracies
must stand together the leaders
including Michelle condemned Hamas
attack on Israel Israel Israel has the
right to defend itself and that must be
done in line with International and
humanitarian law meanwhile trade
irritants Remain the two sides failed to
agree on removing us tariffs on EU
aluminum and steel Imports imposed under
former president Donald Trump they were
suspended by Biden in 2021 on the
condition that Brussels appli similar
tariffs to Beijing also unresolved a
dispute over the subsidy for green
energy transition provided under Biden's
climate Bill the inflation reduction act
which gives consumers tax incentives to
buy electric vehicles assembled in North
America the EU wants a deal that would
allow EVS with batteries using critical
mineral Source from Europe to qualify
for some of the tax breaks these are
points of contention rather than having
the EU retaliate in some form it would
be much better if the US the European
Union could come to some agreement on on
uh how to exempt European industry in
part from these measures the
transatlantic Partners also aim to curb
China's Growing Power and improve ties
to the global South as well as keep
North Korea's and Iran's weapons program
in check P bu News
Washington