tough talks in Turkey as US Secretary of
State Anthony blinkin capped a frantic
weekend of diplomatic visits in a closed
door meeting with the Turkish foreign
minister Monday blinkin aimed to soothe
anger over the violence in Gaza turkey
is a strong supporter of Palestinians
and has been furious at both Israel and
its Western allies support for the
Jewish State before leaving the country
blinkin said Regional consensus is a
work in progress we're making sure that
the different influence and
relationships that countries in the
region have including the countries that
I visited or spoke to that they're using
that to make sure that this conflict and
crisis doesn't spread uh and that's
that's critical Turkish president Reb
tyup erdogan did not make himself
available to Blink in instead he
traveled across turkey's Northeast and
continued to express staunch solidarity
for
Palestinians it is our responsibility
for our Palestinian Brothers to be saved
from Israeli cruelty and for the
massacres happening in Gaza in front of
the world's eyes to be
stopped anger over Israel's offensive is
as clear in the Turkish streets as in
the presidential Palace near the foreign
Ministry in anara Pro Palestinian crowds
protested during blink's meeting clearly
expressing their anger toward Israel and
the US the US has been working to secure
a humanitarian pause in Gaza and and
build Regional support for it but Arab
players are pushing for an immediate
ceasefire blink's frantic weekend of
travel also took him from Israel to
Jordan the occupied West Bank Cyprus and
Iraq but his diplomatic efforts appear
to have had limited success with no
humanitarian paw in sight