at to focus at this hour two Russian
warships from the Pacific Fleet have
entered the Red Sea and this comes amid
attacks by Yemen's houis on Merchant
shipping in a region that already
crowded with Naval vessels while the
Russian Navy specific Fleet said that
the Russian Cruiser varyag and the frade
Marshall shapos shikov are taking part
in The Voyage the two warships have
passed the Babel mandb straight into the
Red Sea the move has forced many ship
owners and operators to SU spend the
Seuss Canal or the Red Sea route for
transporting goods from Europe to Asia
and vice versa Tas has reported that the
ships were carrying out assigned tasks
within the framework of the long range
sea campaign the ultimate destination of
the ships was unclear from the report as
was the reason Russia sent these vessels
to the area the hoodis have been
targeting vessels to prevent Israeli
linked ships from passing through the
Indian Ocean according to reports the
group told China and Russia earlier this
month that their ships can sail through
the Red Sea and the Gulf of Aiden
without being attacked this was an
exchange of two countries providing
political support to the houis in bodies
such as the United Nations security
Council however the US Central Command
reported about the huis firing a missile
at Chinese owned oil tanker hangu sencom
highlighted continued risks to shipping
in the Seas of Yemen despite the
agreement this also comes after Iran
Russia and and China held joint Naval
exercises in the Indian Ocean earlier
this month now both the varyag and the
Marshall shapo shikov took part in the
drills which Russia said Were Meant to
practice safety in Maritime economic
activities now the Iran backed Iran
backed militias in fact have been
attacking ships in the Red Sea and the
Gulf of Eden since November calling it a
campaign of solidarity with Palestinians
during Israel's war with Hamas in the
Gaza Strip months of houi attacks in the
Red Sea have disrupted global Shipping
and has forced shipping firms to reroot
to longer and more expensive Journeys
around South
Africa
for all the latest news download the
weon app And subscribe to our YouTube
channel