with no signs of a deescalation in the
Israel Gaza War protesters in New York
and also the yemeni capital SAA took to
the streets to display the their
solidarity with the Palestinians in the
Gaza Strip This has come amidst the
failing International efforts in
Striking any kind of a ceasefire deal in
this war which is now in its seventh
month what 200 Pro Palestinian student
protesters continued to camp in New
York's Columbia University all through
Friday
the protest persisted at least even
after 100 students were arrested for
stating their demonstration on the
campus on Thursday it's also come
following congress's accusation of
anti-Semitism against the University's
president the protesters pressed on a US
school to boycott exchange programs with
another school in Tel Aviv when the
protest entered into their third day on
Friday the University president nimat
shafik requested the police support to
disperse the crowns however shafik said
that the Personnel violated the campus's
security rules meanwhile thousands of
protesters took to the streets of the
yemeni capital sun in Pro Palestinian
demonstrations the protesters gathered
in a rally and were Hur chanting slogans
against Israel's war in the Gaza Strip
the wave of the Palestinian flags and
scores of protesters also included the
houti supporters who held up placards
with the rebel groups slogans on them
protesters at the site were also seen
supporting the recent Iranian strikes in
the Israeli
territories we went out today in support
of Gaza and the people of Palestine we
are by their side Palestine is a part of
Yemen and Yemen is a part of Palestine
we will not forsake their assistance
until death we are with Palestine until
the last breath of Our
Lives according to the Gaza Health
Ministry the Israeli aggression has
killed at least about 34,000
Palestinians in the Gaza Strip since the
start of the war clashes have erupted
between the Israeli
and the Iranians and the
Lebanese
hisbah for all the latest news download
the vi on app And subscribe to our
YouTube channel