for the Israel Hamas War it's now
escalating to another border where
Hezbollah in Lebanon backed by Iran is
also starting to now get heavily
involved now in this war Israel has
attacked hezbollah's Terror hideouts but
Hezbollah member also while has been
killed in the attack Hezbollah has also
been now from another end of the Border
been indulging in this war Foreign
Affairs editor Gita Mohan joins us on
the latest on that yes ga go ahead
because as we see humanitarian crisis
looming Lodge in Gaza while in Israel
it's fighting now a multif front War how
is this Hezbollah angle that is
coming well um Hezbollah has always been
a part of the entire Israel Palestine
conflict and has supported the Hamas uh
with the with the Israeli offensive it
seems like has Fullers now responding
initially Israel had struck a few areas
in the Lebanon border because they were
trying to get the Hamas and they did end
up striking a few of the hollah uh Cs
and now we're looking at heah trying to
uh mobilize itself to help the Hamas
given that uh the Israelis are planning
a ground offensive and the plans are to
enter uh Gaza so in that uh the
hasbullah tried to plan with the anti-
tank missiles and brets uh Israeli uh
intelligence picked up all the
information and then targeted the very
same and launched the very same uh
uh attack against Hezbollah Camp within
Lebanon border so this is an ongoing uh
strike that we seeing by Israel against
Hamas but also against hasbullah which
is now going to come out in support of
Hamas as of now they have not officially
joined the Hamas in this fight against
Israel and have had been warning as was
Iran a warning that should Israel enter
Gaza that they would be involved in this
war but uh preemptive strikes by Israel
Israeli ex off has struck two Hezbollah
cells in Lebanon they were planning to
launch anti-tank missiles and drets
towards Israel and that's why this is a
preemptive strike by Israel all right
keep tracking the latest on that Gita
moan with the latest on what's been
unfolding now in these different angles
remember it's the innocent civil Ians on
either side that's also
suffering