another dark morning of pain and
Punishment the Israeli military pummeled
the length of Gaza on Thursday morning
north to
south we heard an explosion and rushed
to the area we found people in pieces
not a single person could be rescued
they were all
killed the deadliest air strikes focused
on the southern city of Rua where about
1 million displaced Palestinians are
taking shelter locals say civilian homes
were
targeted they were young children had
fled their homes there were no
resistance members or weapons or
anything only bodies are left they all
died in hunas they're still pecking
through the rubble searching for the
missing they destroyed the whole area
most of the people living here have
broken bones are injured or dead and
some are still under the rubble at a
nearby hospital families have started
yet another day mourning their
dead those lucky enough to survive the
raids face another more silent
killer we need urgent intervention to
end this suffering because we're
approaching a disastrous Health crisis
that has no solution there will be
epidemics of all contagious diseases
across Rua the World Health Organization
says cases of diarrhea have jumped more
than 50% in the past 2 weeks doctors say
just as many children are suffering from
preventable diseases as they are from
war
wounds a number of patients have come in
with cases of extreme dehydration some
of them are at the point of kidney
failure or weakening kidney function
because of
dehydration in southern Gaza one of the
emerging concerns is the potential of a
hepatitis A
outbreak we've observed up to 30 cases
in the last two weeks and this is a very
dangerous indicator because we think
most of the cases were in the
schools the White House National
Security advisor Jake Sullivan says
he'll stress the need to reduce the
number of Civilian casualties during his
two-day visit to Israel but so far such
calls have fallen on deaf ears Melinda
new Sephora trt world