5-year-old Amal D the latest civilian to
be killed in southern Lebanon an Israeli
strike targeted a home in a village near
the border the conflict between Israel
and the Lebanese armed group Hezbollah
has been largely confined to military
targets but since October at least 47
civilians have been killed on this side
of the Border children were among
them Hezbollah has accused Israel of
deliberately targeting civilians to
pressure to stop fighting and has
promised Revenge but it continues to
insist its position is one of deterrence
and
defense until now the conflict on the
Lebanon front is still relatively
contained despite the occasional
crossing of the red lines but if the
enemy escalates we will escalate even
further we will not hold the fighting
but react to any situation that we
face Israel has intensified its attacks
on Hezbollah targets at times striking
deeper inside Lebanon it has also
intensified its attacks on Iranian and
Iranian link Targets in neighboring
Syria it's been doing this for years to
prevent Iran's military influence from
growing there but since the war on Gaza
the strikes have become more
frequent I was at school and heard three
successive sounds people were terrified
in when out we all gathered and started
crying Israel has attacked much of the
120 km border area with Lebanon by air
and artillery when Hezbollah opened what
it calls a support front for Gaza in
October it has been attacking military
positions in Northern Israel
since tensions are high and
international efforts to contain the
conflict have so far failed the United
States which is leading that effort has
said it doesn't support an an expansion
of the crossb fight between Israel and
Hezbollah its state department has
called on both sides to calm the
situation halt the escalation and allow
displac civilians on both sides of the
border to return to their homes Israeli
officials have been threatening a more
comprehensive War for weeks the defense
minister yav Galan says the so-called
equations have collapsed and nothing is
standing in the way of the Air Force and
the Army when it decides to attack
Beirut Damascus or any other
City Hezbollah 2 has drawn its line it
says there will be no halt to the
fighting until the war on Gaza
ends zanah Al jazer
Beirut make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer