no you're not humanizing Palestinians by
saying that they are victims of Hamas or
by saying that Israel has tried
everything to prevent Palestinian
civilian casualties go to Israel
empathize wrap your arms around the
Israelis in this time of
pain can you really not find more
appropriate honest credible language
with which you can talk about the
Palestinians tell me what that would
have sounded like
well you're standing next to the Israeli
Prime Minister I get that could you not
go to the ruer border crossing go to
Egypt make a statement from there if you
don't want to do it next to the Israeli
Prime Minister but don't say what you
said it better not to say anything than
to say Israel is taking every precaution
because 1, 1500 Palestinian children
have have perished so far been killed
and that has been Israeli bombing that's
been the consequence of Israel closing
all water food medicine humanitarian
supplies maybe something will start
trickling in and that's not preventing
casualties so there's also a language of
of of inability to humanize both sides
and Rishi our prime minister failed
monumentally and the longer this goes on
you're not going to have security for
either sides but I worry about back here
I worry about what that says to there
are communities here who care deeply
about Israel there are communities here
who care deeply about Palestinians and I
think the job of responsible leadership
is to try and walk them both to a place
where they see the humanity of the other
I think he's conspicuously failed to do
that and then there's another level if I
zoom way out and look at the global
geopolitics of this and you referenced
the vote yesterday at the UN Security
Council where the UK abstained and I
think that a country that has tried to
stand up for international law for a ru
rules based order in the last 18 months
with regard to Ukraine the rest of the
world looks at us now and says yeah we
clocked you from the get-go that you're
a bunch of Hypocrites who apply
selective standards and thank you
because you've just proved it to
everyone the rest of the world looks at
us and says yeah we don't believe you
because the evidence the facts tell us
something different