[Music]
sacred rituals begin on Holy Ground
desecrated by Warfare in the southern
city of Rafa the presentant moon has
risen over the ruins of Gaza signaling
the start of a very different
Ramadan we don't feel the joy we used to
spend Ramadan at home and now we're
sitting in tents that we built with our
own hands this year there is no joy
there's no food
no water nothing we're out here in the
cold hundreds of thousands of gin are
already on the brink of starvation and
food to break fast with is scarce
there's little to be thankful for but in
the tent camps of Rafa is muted
celebration we insisted on putting up
Ramadan decorations and celebrating and
we pray we will continue the rest of
Ramadan in our
homes the situation is terrible but the
least we can do is be able to secure Sor
andar for these children so they can
fast and we can encourage them at least
half of the strip's 2.3 million people
are crammed into this southern city
where Israeli bombs are still exploding
Aid convoys are being blocked by its
military forcing supplies to be
delivered instead by
air the US says it's building a
temporary Aid Port off Gaza but that is
weeks away while a charity ship loaded
with 200 tons of food is still docked on
the other side of the
Mediterranean the threat of a ground
invasion in Rafa is more present than
ever and Benjamin Netanyahu has made it
clear he's not deterred by the holy
month the majority of Israelis
understand that if we don't do this what
we'll have is a repetition of the
October 7th Massacre which is bad for
Israel bad for the Palestinians bad for
the future of Peace in the Middle East
attempts to hold the Bloodshed before
Ramadan have failed despite
International pressure and intense
diplomacy both sides blame each other
but hamas's political Chief has pledged
to continue the push for a permanent
truce until now the enemy has been
evading giving clear assurances and
commitments especially regarding the
ceasefire the cessation of aggressive
Warfare on the Gaza Strip they want
their prisoners to return and then to
resume their war on our
people what should be a time of peace
and reflection instead beginning with
shattered hopes and a future still
uncertain Isabella bull trt
world