2023 has been a year of enormous
suffering violence and climate chaos
humanity is in pain our planet is in
Peril 2023 is the hottest year on record
people are getting crushed by growing
poverty and hunger Wars are growing in
number and ferocity and trust is in
short supply but pointing fingers and
pointing guns lead nowhere humanity is
strongest When We Stand Together 2024
must be a year for rebuilding trust and
restoring hope we must come together
across divides for shared solutions for
climate action for Economic Opportunity
and the fairer Global Financial system
that delivers for all together we must
stand up against the discrimination and
hatred that are poisoning relations
between countries and communities and we
must make sure new technologies such as
artificial intelligence are a Force for
good United Nations will keep rallying
the world for peace sustainable
development and human rights it has
resolved to make 2024 a year of building
trust and hope in all that we can
accomplish together I wish you a happy
and peaceful New
[Music]
Year 2023 has been a year of enormous
suffering violence and climate chaos
humanity is in pain our plan planet is
in Peril 2023 is the hottest year on
record people are getting crushed by
growing poverty and hunger Wars are
growing in number and ferocity and trust
is in short
supply but pointing fingers and pointing
guns lead nowhere humanity is strongest
When We Stand Together 2024 must be a
year for rebuilding trust and restoring
hope we must come together across
divides for shared solutions for climate
action for eon Economic Opportunity and
the fairer Global Financial system that
delivers for all together we must stand
up against the discrimination and hatred
that are poisoning relations between
countries and communities and we must
make sure new technologies such as
artificial intelligence are a Force for
good United Nations will keep rallying
the world for peace sustainable
development and human rights it has
resolved to make 2024 a year of building
trust and hope in all that we can
accomplish together I wish you a happy
and peaceful New
[Music]
Year from breaking news detailed
analysis in-depth interviews and
explainers follow the times of India
subscribe to our YouTube channel don't
forget to like our videos and hit the
Bell icon to stay updated with the
latest