a Montreal woman was caught on camera
insulting someone for flying a
Palestinian flag from her car Global
News is protecting the identity of both
women but in the video the woman in the
car is heard telling a woman filming the
scene that she should be sexually
assaulted you should be raped and
dragged through the streets in front of
your kids the video has since gone viral
Asma El moodin says she was saddened by
it and then I got even more concerned
and scared for myself and for my family
members for my friends for other people
this is just one in a number of
incidents of people lashing out against
Muslims and Jews since the start of the
war between Israel and Hamas say
community groups one Muslim organization
says islamophobia even on University
campuses across the country has surged
doubled it has actually doubled in the
past few days yes El moodin a medical
student at Migel University says she
feels targeted she says recently as she
sat next to other students who were
discussing the war one of the people who
were sitting down Theus ask another one
do you sometimes feel threatened by
Muslims in the kohur El Mudan says she
confronted the student who later
apologized Jewish groups say they also
have concerns about arising hate Air
Canada even removed one of their pilots
from service after he was photographed
expressing anti-israel messages Ben Bru
says they are focused on the safety of
the community we have reached out to
Mayors and counselors and civil servants
in communities that have large Jewish
population as well security has been
increased at Jewish institutions rron
Wishes the video incident had never
happened in an email statement to Global
News the woman in the video apologizes
to the victim saying in part I said
terrible things to you words that I
still can't believe left my mouth I'm
living with a shame of what I've done
Community groups are cautioning the
public not to allow the war to divide
communities but should instead use the
conflict to open dialogue Phil Carpenter
Global News Montreal
oh