[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
our information indicates that the
Democratic People's Republic of Korea
recently provided Russia with ballistic
missile launchers and several ballistic
[Music]
missiles
[Music]
on this 30th of December 2023 Russian
forces launched at least one of these
North Korean ballistic missiles into
Ukraine this missile appears to have
landed in an open field in the zapara
region and on January 2nd Russia
launched multiple North Korean ballistic
missiles into Ukraine including as part
of its overnight aerial attack we're
still assessing the impacts of these
additional
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
missiles
[Music]
[Music]
now in return for its support we assess
that Pyongyang is seeking military
assistance from Russia including fighter
aircraft surfac to air missiles armored
vehicles ballistic missile production
equipment or materials and other
Advanced Technologies this would have
concerning security implications for the
north I'm sorry for the Korean Peninsula
and the indopacific
[Music]
region
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
we've also said publicly that Russia is
seeking to acquire close-range ballistic
missiles from Iran at this time we do
not believe that Iran has delivered
close-range ballistic missiles to Russia
however the United States is concerned
that Russian negotiations to acquire
close-range ballistic missiles from Iran
are actively advancing we assess that
Russia intends to purchase missile
systems from
Iran
[Music]
[Music]
so in response to Russia's activities
with Iran and North Korea we are taking
a range of steps with our allies and our
partners first Russia's procurement of
ballistic missiles from the dprk
directly violates multiple un Security
Council resolutions we will raise These
Arms deals at the UN Security Council
alongside our allies and partners and we
will demand that Russia be held
accountable for yet again violating its
International obligations
[Music]
[Music]