[Applause]
as Israel continues pounding Palestinian
Targets in Gaza diplomats at the UN
Security Council held closed door
consultations on the Hamas attacks on
Israel this was terrorism plain and
simple and and that kind of thing cannot
be allowed to stand so like I said when
I go into that meeting and we're in that
meeting I expect to hear from the other
council members very strong condemnation
of this these heinous acts of terrorism
can against the Israeli people and their
government outside the council chamber
Israel's un Envoy described what he
called Israel's 91 Savage Hamas
terrorists fired thousands of rockets
into
Israel but this was only the
beginning as Rockets rain down
indiscriminately upon Israeli towns and
cities hundreds of Hamas terrorists
infiltrated Israel and began a bar
barbaric pogram a barbaric pogram of
unparalleled
magnitude ruthless terrorists gunned
down innocent Israeli civilians in the
streets murdering anything that moved
anything the Palestinian ambassador's
response pointed to Israel's history of
attacks on his people and a nation to be
recognized we chose the peaceful path to
achieve our rights
but Israel continued using blunt force
against Palestinian lives and
Palestinian
rights Israel cannot wage a fullscale
war on a nation its people its land its
holy sides and expect peace in exchange
Security Council Members were brief by
to venin he is the UN special
coordinator to the Middle East he
vehemently condemned ham M's attack on
Israel he also said this is a dangerous
precipice and he said I appeal to all to
pull back from the brink I think the
situation is um Stark and the council
members are highly concerned but we
understand that right now we're in a
very Dynamic situation in a complex
situation and in a state of flux uh and
that all council members have to use
both their uh International but also
their bilateral channels to try and call
for calm and deescalation with a focus
and a priority
around the protection of civilians on
both
sides and reports suggest that right now
any expectation of a security Council
statement on condemning Hamas is not on
the political Horizon one Western Envoy
said it wasn't even attempted Frank Ardo
trt world the United
Nations