we start the show with news that's
breaking now Israel is forming an
emergency government the agreement has
been struck the country's prime minister
Netanyahu and former Defense Chief Benny
Gans have agreed to form a Unity
government the aim of this government
will be to shore up security decision
making Reports say that Gans and
Netanyahu met privately for 30 minutes
earlier today the meeting was held at
Israel's military headquarters in Tel
Aviv the two leaders hashed out details
of the government formation and which
department will go under whom remember
this government would Mark a dramatic
shift in Israeli politics previously
Gans had been calling for netanyahu's
AER he will now be running the country
along with him this only shows how in
times of Crisis the leaders of Israel
put National interest above their
internal
differences meanwhile a new video has
emerged from October 7th the day Hamas
attacked Israeli cities the footage
shows Hamas Fighters dragging people and
standing alongside bodies in the ber
kibuts this area was among the worst hit
of the 14 border communities that were
overrun by Hamas
gunmen Israel's chief of army has also
issued a statement he has said that
wherever Hamas leaders are the Israeli
Army will strike irrespective of which
side they're hiding
on in other news US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin is set to leave for
Israel this is being called a solidarity
visit following hamas's attack during
the visit blinkin will be meeting a host
of senior Israeli leaders the state
department has refused to comment if he
will be visiting other countries in the
region as well we're expecting a
statement from blinkin in a short while
from
now and lastly the death toll from the
war has surpassed 2,000 on both sides in
Gaza more than 1,55 people have died and
5,184 have been injured in Israel the
death stll has now surpassed 1,200 and
more than 2,700 Israelis mostly
civilians are said to have been injured
we on world is one is now available in
your country download the app now and
get all the news updates on the move