this morning new details about Iran's
unprecedented attack on Israel launching
more than 100 ballistic missiles and
swarms of drones a larger attack than
expected in retaliation for an air
strike that killed two Iranian Generals
in Syria this month a senior Us official
so surprised at the number of missiles
in this weekend's attack that his hand
was trembling as he took notes three
over here you can see that rocket flying
up in the sky just over Jerusalem here
now it's just raining Rockets with those
Sirens blaring out you can hear the
interceptions every few seconds here
overnight ABC News confirmed at least
half of those Iranian missiles either
failed to launch failed in flight or
crashed before reaching their targets in
Israel Israel says 99% of the drones and
missiles ended up being intercepted by
Israeli us and Coalition forces those
that did hit caused minor damage at an
Israeli airbase and left a young girl
critically wounded from missile shrapnel
while Tan's Massive Attack has largely
been a failure a senior official saying
that Iran's intent was clearly to be
highly highly destructive causing
significant damage and death in
Israel now attention turns to whether
Israel will respond prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu meeting with his War
cabinet yesterday one member saying
Israel would act in the manner and time
that is appropriate for us his War
cabinet reportedly supports retaliating
against Iran but is divided over the
timing and scale us officials while
emphasizing Israel's right to defend
itself say the US will not participate
in any Counter Strike sources say
President Biden has urged Netanyahu to
slow things down and think care about
the risk of escalation Biden's call for
restraint drawing some criticism on both
sides of the aisle if Joe Biden as some
press reports have it is urging the
Israelis not to retaliate at all he is
an embarrassment to the United States on
Capitol Hill lawmakers are now
considering a new military aid package
for Israel a vote could come as soon as
this week Iran's government this weekend
sent a message to the White House
suggesting they were finished after
their attack late Saturday saying they
consider this matter closed the Biden
Administration is making the case that
this was a success for Israel suggesting
retaliation may not be necessary