now going to Israel where there were
Mass protests over the weekend calling
for prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu to
resign tens of thousands turned out to
express their anger and their anguish
too over netanyahu's handling of the war
with Hamas and negotiations over the
hostages Holly Williams is in Jerusalem
with more on what's driving these
demonstrations Holly good morning to you
what are you
hearing good morning Gail well Israel
went into this war vowing to destroy
Hamas and it says it's still needs to
finish the job but many of the Israeli
protesters are angry with how their own
government is handling the war against
the
militants in Jerusalem last night
outside Israel's parliament some
protesters called for prime minister
Benjamin netanyahu's removal from Office
many here want a government that'll do
more to bring the remaining hostages
home and in Tel Aviv on Saturday
demonstrators filled the streets around
Israel's defend Ministry protesting
netanyahu's handling of the war this
government is doing horrendous things in
Gaza not in our name and we want the
government to take responsibility and
resign today right now this war though
was ignited by Hamas launching its
deadly attack on October 7th
slaughtering civilians in their own
homes now even with deadly air strikes
raining down on the people they claim to
represent Hamas says it won't agree to a
deal to release the hostages without a
permanent ceasefire we have a lot of
sympathy a lot of
support Israel has been exposed clearly
as an apart head State they are Dr basam
Naim is hamas's head of international
relations it sounds as if you're saying
that you think Hamas has won the public
relations War during this conflict is
that right
right yes I think yes but the cost of
that public relations victory has been
32,000 Palestinian lives by your count
again I think it is unfair to accuse me
being responsible for the
genocide in fact a un report in February
found that there have been clear
violations of humanitarian law on both
sides a recent poll found that 57% of
Israelis think that netanyahu's
performance during the war has been poor
or very poor Vlad Holly Williams for us
in Jerusalem Holly thank you very much