four Palestinians have been killed in an
Israeli raid engineer which has become
the latest Flashpoint in the Israel
Palestine conflict among those killed
was Abid
he was the brother of radhizum who shot
Israelis in a shooting incident in Tel
Aviv in April this year Rajiv was shot
dead after a massive Israeli Manhunt put
Israeli forces have been pursuing abedin
Rod's father
for several months 44 others have been
wounded in
live fire in occupied West Bank since
March this year Israel has launched
hundreds of operations in West Bank they
say they are pursuing so-called
Palestinian militants the main
flashpoints are Janine and blues the
recent raids has sparked multiple
clashes killing dozens of Palestinians
in the occupied territories West Bank
was occupied
by Israel during the 1967 war but
Palestinians claim all of West Bank
parts of the area are governed by the
Palestinian Authority the dramatic
increase in Israeli raids here is
further weakening the Palestinian
Authority this is Palestinians
increasingly condemned a boss's
Administration support for the
Palestinian president is at a record low
as many slammed the PLO for security
cooperation with Israel meanwhile Israel
says the Palestinian Authority needs to
do more to crack down on extremism
earlier prime minister Yale lipid vowed
to act in any place where the pa could
not maintain order
guarantee Israel is on high alert over
the Jewish holidays the festivities
began last Sunday with the new year
for more on that we earlier spoke to our
correspondent Judy Cohen who sent us
this report
these latest clashes follow fighting
between the IVF and Palestinian Islamic
Jihad in the northern West Bank in
recent months Israeli forces have been
carrying out arrests since the wave of
attacks against civilians which began in
March the latest incident follows the
call on Monday between defense minister
Gans and Pa president Abbas where the
two reportedly discuss maintaining
security cooperation in the northern
West Bank where Israeli security
officials have warned the PA is losing
control this is Jody Cohen for we on
world has won
Beyond is now available in your country
download the app now and get all the
news on the move
[Music]