it's day 129 of Israel's war on Gaza and
throughout that campaign Israel has
pushed all 2.2 million people of Gaza
into smaller and smaller spaces making
them homeless crowding them over and
over again starving them by restricting
food and then bombing them so here is a
map of the Gaza Strip here is Northern
Gaza where leaflets rain from the sky on
October 13th telling them to move South
more than 1.1 million Palestinians had
24 hours to leave this part of Gaza
using the two safe routes laid out by
Israel yet on the same day 70
Palestinians using these safe roads were
killed by Israeli war planes Israel also
continued to bomb areas outside of this
evacuation Zone despite garen's moving
to this new safe Zone Israel bombed Al
bage refugee camp on several occasions
in October and early November so now
gazen residents needed to move from this
area to here or further South then on
November 15 Israel dropped hundreds of
leaflets in selected neighborhoods
telling the residents of Ken Yunis that
they need to move further south December
1st more leaflets fell on Ken unun they
were told to immediately evacuate to
shelters in Rafa as kenun was considered
a dangerous combat zone then on January
3rd a nro camp in the middle of Gaza
which was originally a safe Zone was
also ordered to evacuate bearing in mind
that civilians evacuated ing here would
now have to travel through heavily
bombed areas and were guaranteed no
safety as you can see at this point
there was only one safe Zone left in
Gaza Rafa which brings us to February 12
in the early morning Israel began
heavily bombing Rafa and at least 67
people were killed Rafa is the last safe
Zone in Gaza where approximately 1.4
million Palestinians are huddling for
safety in makeshift tents later that day
Israeli Prim Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
ordered the military to prepare to
evacuate civilians from the southern
Garen city of Rafa but where will they
go