the final EU statement calls for
corridors and humanitarian pauses but
not an open-ended ceasefire which some
states led by Spain wanted instead
Spanish prime minister Pedro Sanchez got
his call for an International Peace
Summit he hopes it could happen in six
months although that seems optimistic
thank you very much the block is divided
into states which traditionally support
the Palestinians and those who stress
Israel's self-defense but all are
concerned by the humanitarian crisis
Hamas has provoked a humanitarian crisis
in Gaza for the commission is very
important that we continue to intensify
our efforts to deal with the
humanitarian crisis in
Gaza the aid needs to reach Gaza
unhindered and quickly there are
emerging splits over support for Ukraine
as well there's a proposal for $53
billion in financial aid for keev but
Hungary and Slovakia are against this in
its present
form the European strategy was the
ukrainians must win the Russians must
lose and the president must fail this is
what the Europeans said in unison with
the Americans but this will not work
this is the point where you have to stop
and say plan a didn't work let's make a
plan
B leaders also discuss the Block's new
rules on migration there are concerns
the crime risis in the Middle East could
create additional migration flows and an
increased threat of
terrorism and then there's the thorny
issue of increasing the eu's budget to
pay for higher interest rates Ukraine
and European Defense some states want an
extra 60 billion raised but others
including Germany want the money to come
from savings that debate will run and
run even on the crisis in the Middle
East EU member states are always
influenced by domestic pressures the
anger of of their Muslim minorities the
security of their Jewish communities or
their historic support for one side or
another that's why speaking with one
voice on such contentious issues always
proves so hard Simon McGregor wood trt
World
[Music]
Brussels