President Biden announcing the US will
begin airdropping food and supplies in
Gaza it comes one day after that
horrific scene a deadly Stampede and
Israeli gunfire just as Aid trucks were
arriving ABC's Tom Sufi bur from the
region
tonight just 24 hours after the Israeli
military opened fire amid a deadly Crush
of people desperate for food Aid in Gaza
President Biden tonight announcing the
US will begin airdropping supplies into
the Gaza Strip people are so desperate
that uh innocent people got caught in a
terrible War unable to feed their
families and you saw the response when
they tried to get aided with half a
million Garin on the brink of famine the
UN saying at least 10 children have
starved to death Jordan and other
countries already airdropping Aid the
president acknowledging not enough is
getting in innocent lives are on the
line and children's lives on the line
tonight condemnation and calls for an
investigation into what was supposed to
be a human itarian mission in Northern
Gaza when more than a 100 Palestinians
were killed and hundreds more injured
according to the Hamas run Health
Ministry this is the moment gunfire
erupted Israel seit troops fired warning
shots and only opened fire on people
when they got too close to one of their
tanks adding dozens of people were
crushed to death in the chaos but
survivors and Witnesses disputing that
Abdullah Juha recounting the
horror saying they attacked
they shot at us we don't have any
food and David Us official telling ABC
News the humanitarian a drops could
start as soon as tomorrow depending on
weather conditions President Biden
saying the administration is also
looking into ways to deliver Aid by C
David Tom Sufi Burge in Tel Aviv Tom
thank you hi everyone George
Stephanopoulos here thanks for checking
out the ABC News YouTube channel if
you'd like to get more videos show
highlights and watch live event coverage
click on the right over here to
subscribe to our Channel and don't
forget to download the ABC News app for
breaking news alerts thanks for
watching