for 30 years I am very consistent and
I'm saying something very simple this
conflict is not on the lack of a state
of Palestinian but the existence of a
state the Jewish state every area that
we evacuate we receive Terrible Terror
against that it happened in South
Lebanon in Gaza and also Judea and
Samaria which we did it and therefore I
clarify that in other Arrangement any
other
arrangement in the future the state of
Israel have to control on the entire
area from The River To The Sea this is
what happens when you have sovereignty
this truth I say to our American
friends
to offer any kind of pressure the
pressure is reality the pressure is the
reality that I just laid out that
without a tangible path to the
establishment of a Palestinian State
there are no other partners in the
region who are going to step forward and
help with the Reconstruction of Gaza
there are no other partners in the
region who are going to step forward and
help establish Palestinian Le governance
of Gaza there are no other partners in
the region who are going to step forward
uh and integrate with Israel and make
further assurances about Israel's
long-term security so that's just the
reality it's not the United States
exerting pressure or not it's the
reality of the situation that Israel
faces
[Music]
we're focused on setting the conditions
for a durable and sustainable peace and
security the United States continues to
believe that the best viable path indeed
the only path is through a two-state
solution that's the only guarantor of a
secure Jewish and Democratic Israel
the only guarantor of Palestinians
realizing their legitimate right to live
in a state of their own enjoying equal
measures of security Freedom opportunity
and
dignity the only way to end a cycle of
violence once and for
all
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
subscribe to our YouTube channel don't
forget to like our videos and hit the
Bell icon to stay updated with the
latest